Terms and conditions for the UL app
When you install, use or register the UL app and the services you thereby gain access to, you approve both
UL’s general terms and conditions of purchase
as well the specific purchase conditions that apply to the UL app. When you register an account, you will be requested to approve these conditions which will then not only constitute an agreement between you and UL regarding the use of the UL app, but also a ticket purchase agreement between you and UL.
The Public Transit Department UL (corp. ID No. 232100-0024) ("UL") has developed a solution that through utilization of data traffic and a mobile application, the UL app, makes it possible for you to purchase tickets from UL and connected transit companies. The use of the app is subject to the terms and conditions of use below.
1. About the UL app
1.1 UL or associated transit companies are the ticket vendors. For connected transit companies UL is an intermediary of these tickets. It is the transit company who is your contractual party.
1.2 The purchase and payment of tickets are subject to the contract conditions applied by the transit company from which you purchase tickets by means of the UL app.
1.3 The UL app contains the ability to pay for tickets. When you select a payment method in the UL app, the conditions for the chosen payment method apply.
1.4 Purchased tickets are usually linked to your mobile number. Purchased tickets are not accessible via the UL app on several mobile phones at the same time.
1.5 You must be 18 years old to register your credit/debit card (Visa and Mastercard) in the app and to be able to purchase tickets.
1.6 A mobile ticket can be a single ticket or a period ticket. It will work for travel with UL and in certain conditions with other traffic companies such as SL and X-Trafik.
1.7 The app requires iPhone 6s or a later model, alternatively Android 8 or a later version.
1.8 Buying and/or activating a ticket requires a functioning internet connection.
1.9 When buying a ticket, you can choose to activate it immediately or to activate it at a later occasion within 30 days. The ticket needs to be activated before boarding a bus or a train. An activated ticket can not be deactivated.
1.10 When buying a ticket for several people, all travelers need to travel together with the person who has the ticket.
1.11 Travel funds in the UL app are completely separated from travel funds on a UL card. Travel funds can not be transferred between the UL app and a UL card.
1.12 Send ticket
1.12.1 UL tickets can be sent to a different phone number that is, or has been, registered in the UL app. The recipient receives a text message with information that the received ticket is available in the app.
1.12.2 Single tickets can only be sent if they are not activated.
1.12.3 Period tickets can be sent both activated or not activated, with the exception of the 10/30 ticket which can only be sent if all 10 travel days remain.
1.12.4 A ticket can only be sent once every 12 hours.
1.12.5 A ticket that has been sent belongs to the recipient and can only be returned if the recipient chooses to send it back. It is your responsibility to ensure that the ticket is sent to the correct mobile number.
2. Customer liability
2.1 The installation and use of the UL app may only take place on the technology platforms it is made available for and in accordance with the instructions that from time to time are issued by UL.
2.2 You are liable for any charges that the telephone service provider levies for data transmission or reception and/or text messages when registering and using the UL app.
2.3 It is your responsibility to ensure that tickets purchased via the UL app are not used by other people who have access to your mobile phone.
2.4 Purchases can only be made after a mobile number has been registered in the app. To register, the mobile phone must be able to be receive a text message. Note that some foreign phones might not be able to download the app if it is not available in the specific region’s app store.
2.5 Purchases are done with a credit/debit card (Visa and Mastercard) or Swish directly in the app and is verified by BankID. For transactions and payment transfers, the payment transfer service provider's general conditions apply where appropriate.
2.6 The mobile phone needs to be set with correct time and date settings to work correctly with the UL app. It can be adjusted automatically according to the telephone network in the mobile phone’s settings.
3. UL’s liability
3.1 UL's obligations according to this contract are limited to providing the ability for you to use the UL app in the conditions stated in its terms and conditions of use.
3.2 UL is not liable for errors or delays that are a direct or indirect result of causes or circumstances that are beyond UL's immediate control. UL is not liable for dealings between you and third parties that take place with the aid of, or as a result of, your use of the UL app.
3.3 UL provides no guarantee that you will always be able to use the UL app. However, it is UL's intention to remedy any technical faults, data errors, pricing errors or other UL app problems that UL is made aware of.
3.4 UL makes the UL app available to you free of charge. Therefore, you cannot make any claim or demands against UL other than those expressly stated in these terms and conditions of use.
4. Registration procedure
4.1 Before making a purchase in the UL app a mobile phone number must be registered in the app.
4.2 Registration of the same mobile phone number in a different phone can only be done once per 12 hours.
4.3 If you lose your phone or exchange your phone you can register the same number in the UL app on another device to access your travel funds and your tickets. Note that UL can not help you if you lose or exchange your mobile phone number.
5. Buy-backs and refunds
5.1 By registering the UL app for your personal use you agree to allow UL to begin the performance of services to you during the cooling-off period you would otherwise have had the right to according to the Distance and Doorstep Sales Act (2005:59) had this agreement been concluded at a distance.
5.2 There is usually no cooling-off period for the purchase of tickets from transit companies. However, refer to the terms and conditions of the transit company you purchase tickets from.
5.3 Money deposited in mobile travel funds can not be refunded.
5.4 When purchasing a ticket, the ticket must be activated within 30 days from the time of purchase. Tickets that have not been activated within 30 days are considered expired and can neither be activated or refunded.
5.5 A ticket can only be refunded to the customer who purchased the ticket, and provided that the ticket is available in that customers UL app.
6. Blocking of services
6.1 Requests to block (i) the ability to purchase tickets, (ii) tickets purchased must be made to UL or the transit company whose tickets the block concerns. Contact information for the transit companies concerned is available in their terms and conditions and on the internet.
6.2 UL reserves the right to block services wholly or partially without forewarning where unauthorized use or abuse of the service is suspected, or if UL, based on technical, security or other grounds deems a block to be necessary to protect UL's, its customers' or other party's interests. Unauthorized use includes all types of fraud, fraudulent purchases, or misrepresentation.
7. User license
7.1 UL provides you with a non-exclusive, non-transferable right to install and use the UL app and to use the services thus available to you subject to these terms and conditions of use. The UL app may not be used for other purposes.
7.2 Software and other material protected by copyright provided by UL or its sub suppliers or transit companies is the property of UL or other party. You may not grant the use of, transfer, make accessible or in any other way make use of software or other material protected by copyright other than in the manner expressly specified in these terms and conditions of use.
8. Processing of your personal data
For more information regarding how we use your personal data, see our site regarding
GDPR
.
9. Amendments and validity
9.1 UL reserves the right to amend these terms and conditions of use. Amended terms and conditions are binding if you continue to use the UL app once the amended terms and conditions have come into force.
9.2 Terms and conditions of use are valid until further notice You have the right to cancel your agreement with UL at any time and with immediate effect simply by uninstalling the UL app.  What applies to tickets purchased via the UL app if you stop using the app will be decided by UL or the transit company you purchased them from. Therefore, UL refers you to the terms and conditions of said company.
9.3 The UL app, the content of the service it provides and the technical conditions for use of the UL app may change.  If you do not approve of the changes you have the right to cease using the UL app; if this does not occur, you will be assumed to have accepted them. You cannot claim other rights as a result of the changes.
9.4 The UL app is provided until further notice. UL reserves the right to cease providing the UL app and its associated services.
10. Applicable law and disputes
10.1 This agreement and related legal matters are subject to Swedish law. However, Swedish conflict-of-law regulations do not apply.
10.2 Any dispute concerning the interpretation or application of this agreement and related legal matters will be decided by the courts.
10.3 This agreement regarding the use of the UL app is concluded in English. English will be used for communication between the parties.