This privacy statement has been made available to the user on
http://www.equilibriumapps.app
on provisions of multiple legislations, including Art. 13/14 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (GDPR – General Data Protection Regulation) by Equilibrium srl, website admin and developer of the apps published under the name “Equilibrium Apps”, with office registered in via delle Rose, 72 – 35037 Tramonte di Teolo PD – ITALY. This privacy policy applies to all the mobile applications (iOS Apps, Android Apps) offered by Equilibrium srl, if not stated otherwise within this document.
User Data
The apps provided by Equilibrium srl do not share, store or record any personal data. Nothing is transmitted, shared or reproduced. Equilibrium srl will not sell information to advertisers.
The apps can optionally access to your health data: this type of service allows the owner to use the activity data collected by your device in order for the applications to operate or to provide specific features. This may include movements, heartbeat, change in altitude or data about the surroundings. Depending on what is described below, third parties may be involved in the activity tracking. Most devices allow for the User to control which Data is accessed or stored.
Apple HealthKit (Apple Inc.)
HealthKit is an activity data handling service provided by Apple Inc. that enables the Owner to access or store activity data.
Personal Data processed: mindfulness minutes.
Place of processing: United States.
Apple Privacy Policy:
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/
Payments
Equilibrium srl will not store or collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. Our payment processor is Apple App Store.
The payment processor and distributor of these apps are Apple’s App Store, a platform for the distribution of mobile apps, provided by Apple Inc. By virtue of being distributed via this app store, Apple collects basic analytics and provides reporting features that enables the Owner to view usage analytics data and measure the performance of this Application. Much of this information is processed on an opt-in basis. Users may opt-out of this analytics feature directly through their device settings.
Apple App Store
Personal Data processed: Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States
Apple Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/
Third Party Services
Equilibrium Apps may use these third party services SDK.
– RevenueCat is an already developed mobile subscription toolkit that may optionally be integrated inside Equilibrium srl apps. RevenueCat will never share information about your app outside of its site, will never send identifiable information about your users to 3rd parties without consent, will never sell data. All third party services provide the same or equal protection of user data as stated in this privacy policy.
Personal Data processed: Country, Device Type, Operating System, RevenueCat Purchases SDK Version (e.g. 2.5.0), Last Seen, App User ID if set by Customer, Any attribution data attached to the user by Customer
Place of processing: United States
RevenueCat Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://www.revenuecat.com/privacy
– Admob is an advertising platform for promoting and monetizing mobile applications that may optionally be integrated inside Equilibrium srl apps. Admob will display in-app advertising and is a subsidiary of Google LLC. To improve the performance of AdMob, it may collect certain information from apps, including: IP address, non-user related crash logs and other diagnostic information, user-associated performance data (such as app launch time, hang rate, or energy usage), a device ID (such as the device’s advertising identifier), general advertising data, product interactions and other interaction information, that may be used to improve advertising performance. Google Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Changes to this privacy policy
The Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by notifying its Users on this page and possibly within this Application and/or – as far as technically and legally feasible – sending a notice to Users via any contact information available to the Owner. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom.
Should the changes affect processing activities performed on the basis of the User’s consent, the Owner shall collect new consent from the User, where required.
Last updated: 01.01.2021