slide
3
of 2
HSE Tier 1 Agency for Doctors, HCA's, Nurses and Midwives
We supply every HSE service location nationally
Industry aligned hourly rates
Weekly payment guaranteed
Read our Trustpilot reviews
Login
Register Now
We Urgently Require
Nurses across all specialities
Doctors - Consultants, Registrars and SHO's
Healthcare Assistants
Login
Register Now
HSE Tier 1 Agency for Doctors, HCA's, Nurses and Midwives
We supply every HSE service location nationally
Industry aligned hourly rates
Weekly payment guaranteed
Read our Trustpilot reviews
Login
Register Now
We Urgently Require
Nurses across all specialities
Doctors - Consultants, Registrars and SHO's
Healthcare Assistants
Login
Register Now
HSE Tier 1 Agency for Doctors, HCA's, Nurses and Midwives
We supply every HSE service location nationally
Industry aligned hourly rates
Weekly payment guaranteed
Read our Trustpilot reviews
Login
Register Now
We Urgently Require
Nurses across all specialities
Doctors - Consultants, Registrars and SHO's
Healthcare Assistants
Login
Register Now
2014
Jobs
                                                Available
€8,465,003
Value of the Jobs
Register Now
Apply for Jobs
Excellent
Read our reviews
Click to watch video!
Locumlink Healthcare
Ireland's Best Healthcare Recruitment Agency
As one of Ireland's most established and award-winning healthcare recruitment agencies, Locumlink offers you the stability, expertise, and support you need to take your career to the next level. With over 25 years of industry experience, we understand the unique needs of healthcare professionals and provide tailored opportunities that match your skills and preferences.
Our commitment to innovation, cutting-edge technology, and exceptional customer service ensures a smooth and rewarding experience every step of the way. By joining Locumlink, you'll gain access to a wide range of high-quality placements, competitive and timely pay, and the flexibility to manage your career on your terms. Trust us to be your partner in advancing your healthcare career—because at Locumlink, your success is our priority.
Locumlink Awarded Tier 1 Status on HSE’s 2024 Healthcare Assistants Agency Framework
In May 2024, Locumlink Healthcare was awarded a Tier 1 position on the HSE's Healthcare Assistants Agency Framework. This prestigious recognition enhances our offering to our staff, granting us access to every available shift across the entire HSE network of facilities, including all acute hospitals, mental health services, and disability services.
As the leading agency in Ireland, we will now receive priority for all shifts above those agencies on Tier 2, ensuring we can offer you a variety of job opportunities. So if you're seeking a single shift per week or something more regular, then look no further and register now by completing
our online registration form
.
Register
Locumlink Appointed to Tier 1 on HSE’s New Locum Doctors Agency Framework
Locumlink is a HSE approved Tier 1 agency to provide locum doctors to every HSE funded hospital and Mental Health Service location throughout Ireland. We are also the appointed primary provider of GP locum doctors to the Irish Prison Services. We pay highly completive rates, and we pay weekly. So, if you are looking to join an agency to pick up the odd shift or maybe something more permanent, then look no further than Locumlink and
register
online today. We look forward to working with you soon.
Register
Locumlink Appointed to Tier 1 on HSE’s New Nursing Agency Framework.
Locumlink are delighted to announce that we have been appoint to a Tier 1 position on the
                        HSE’s new Nursing Agency Framework 2023. We provide our agency staff with maximum
                        flexibility and weekly payment, so whether it’s a single shift per week or something more
                        full-time we have a job to suit you. So, if you would like to work in any of the hospitals listed
                        below, Register now by completing our online
registration form
.
Bantry General Hospital
Beaumont Hospital
Cavan Monaghan Hospital
Children's Health Ireland at Connolly
Children’s Health Ireland at Crumlin
Children’s Health Ireland at Tallaght
Children’s Health Ireland at Temple St
Connolly Hospital Blanchardstown
Coombe Women & Infants University Hospital
Cork University Hospital
Cork University Maternity Hospital
Croom Hospital: UL Hospitals
Ennis Hospital: UL Hospitals
Letterkenny University Hospital
Lourdes Orthopaedic Hospital, Kilcreene
Louth County Hospital, Dundalk
Mallow General Hospital
Mater Misericordiae University Hospital
Mayo University Hospital
Mercy University Hospital, Cork
Merlin Park University Hospital
Midland Regional Hospital Mullingar
Midland Regional Hospital Portlaoise
Midland Regional Hospital Tullamore
Naas General Hospital
National Children’s Hospital (future Hospital under construction)
National Maternity Hospital, Holles Street
National Orthopaedic Hospital, Cappagh
Nenagh Hospital: UL Hospitals Our Lady Of Lourdes Hospital, Drogheda
Our Lady's Hospital, Navan
Portiuncula University Hospital
Roscommon University Hospital
Rotunda Hospital
Royal Victoria Eye and Ear Hospital, Dublin
Sligo University Hospital
South Infirmary Victoria University Hospital
South Tipperary General Hospital
St Colmcille's Hospital, Loughlinstown
St James's Hospital
St John's Hospital Limerick
St Luke’s Radiation Oncology Network
St Luke's General Hospital Carlow / Kilkenny
St Michael’s Hospital, Dun Laoghaire
St Vincent's University Hospital, Elm Park
Tallaght University Hospital
TUSLA
University Hospital Galway
University Hospital Kerry
University Hospital Limerick
University Hospital Waterford
University Maternity Hospital: UL Hospitals
Wexford General Hospital
In addition to the hospitals listed above Locumlink can offer you shifts in the Mental Health Service across all locations nationally. The HSE nursing agency framework consists of four Tier 1 agencies and fourteen Tier 2 agencies.
Register
Training & Courses
We offer our agency staff access to a wide variety of training to encourage professional development and
                ensure they either become or remain fully compliant to work with our clients. Our compliance department will
                assess your application and establish which courses you may require and discuss a suitable time to complete
                them. Some of the courses we offer include:
Basic Life Support (including ED)
Elder abuse
Fire training
Food Hygiene
Handling Violence & Aggression
Handling Medication and Avoiding Drug Errors
Hand Hygiene for Clinical Staff
Infection Control
Patient Moving and Handling
Safeguarding Vulnerable Adults (Level 3)
Real Flexibility
We don’t tell you where or when to work. We simply let you decide.
Our unique online candidate platform allows you set your availability and job
                        preferences, which allows us auto confirm you into the shifts you want. You can update your
                        availability anytime you like using your online account.
Unlike other agencies, we offer you total control and flexibility. So watch our
                        quick video tutorial to see how it all works
Watch Tutorial
Locumlink Services
Locumlink Healthcare is an award winning agency that was established in 1999 and is Ireland's longest established provider of locum doctors, nurses and healthcare assistants to the public and private health sector. Locumlink is a HSE approved framework provider of healthcare staff to all HSE acute and regional hospitals and care facilities nationwide. We service many private hospitals, GP surgeries, nursing homes, and are the primary supplier of GP locum doctors to the Irish Prison Services. When working with Locumlink, you are in safe hands.
Register now
Approved Provider
As an approved HSE and NHS agency we can offer our agency workers the very best job opportunities covering both short and longer-term placements in hospitals, GP surgeries and healthcare facilities throughout Ireland and the UK. We are also the primary provider of locum GP doctors into the Irish Prison Services.
Mobile App
Stay connected with us 24/7/365 using our iPhone and Android Smartphone Apps. Our App allows you to search and apply for jobs in your own time or check your roster and upcoming assignments as well as submit timesheets and view payment. Should you need to speak with us, you can always use our live chat.
Payment Guarantee
When working with Locumlink Healthcare you're guaranteed prompt weekly payment. All timesheets that are submitted and approved prior to 12pm on Monday's are paid before Friday. Furthermore, we pay  industry aligned hourly rates across all professions.
Premium Service
Our Trustpilot rating is a real-time testimony to our dedication to service. Our staff are highly trained to ensure the very highest standards are adhered to at all times  We comply with the highest European quality standards and hold ISO Certification.
Download on the
App Store
Download on the
Google Play
Technology
Mobile Friendly
Interface
Locumlink has made significant investments in technology to provide you with a cutting-edge online platform designed for a seamless user experience, whether you're on desktop or mobile.
Our candidate app puts you in full control, offering flexibility to engage with us wherever you are. You can easily apply for jobs, receive instant confirmations, submit timesheets, and track your payments—all at your convenience.
At Locumlink, we make working with us simple and efficient. As an award-winning healthcare recruitment agency, we're committed to continuous improvement and will keep investing in the latest technology to enhance your experience.
Download our App now and get immediate access to jobs.
Contact us
Select Department
New Candidate Registration
Finance & Payroll
Compliance Department
Request locum cover
Send Request
Register Now
Head Office
32 Ranelagh Road, Ranelagh
Dublin 6, Ireland
+353 1 495 6666
info@locumlink.ie
Follow Us
Instagram
LinkedIn
Corporate Governance
Net Zero Commitment
ED&I Statement
Business Hours
8:30am to 5:30pm Monday to Friday.
Locumlink Healthcare provides both clients and candidates access to an online portal that is available to conduct business 24/7/365. This is accessible by logging into your account from our home page.
However in the event of emergencies outside office hours, we do provide telephone support. Just call our office and you will be automatically diverted to one of our on call team members.
Read our Reviews