Ordering and payment
Purchasing and deactivating travel products
International tickets
Topping up and payment
Claims and restitution
Travelling with your debit card
NS-Business Card and NS Go
Train
Using travel products
Traveling with a functional disability
Safety during your journey
Emergencies
WiFi in the train
Station
Safety in and around the station
Staffing and use of free P+R facilities
Station maintenance
Working at the station
Access rights
Julia's
Door-to-door services
Booking and using mobility services
OV-fiets
Bicycle Storage
Paid parking
Digital services
Apps from NS and NS International
Mijn NS, Mijn NS Zakelijk and Mijn NS International
Cookie Policy
Contact and service
Customer contact and service
Maintaining customer relationships
Claims en restitution
Your rights
More topics
Legal obligations
Combating fraud and misuse
Market research and scientific research
Reports
NS Security & Service Assistants
Photography
More subjects (continuation)
Privacy statement information management
Innovation
Travelling with your debit card or credit card
NS complies with the following regulations
NS complies with all applicable regulations at all times, including the General Data Protection Regulation, the General Data Protection Implementing Act, the Police Data Act, the Telecommunications Act, and EU Passengers' Rights Regulation 1371/2007.
Questions and contact
For questions about the protection of personal data, please go to this page or send an e-mail to the
Expertise centre
.
We have a Data Protection Officer who ensures that all privacy rules and regulations are complied with. You can contact the Data Protection Officer at the following address:
NS Groep N.V.
mr. A. Nijhoff
PO Box 2812
3500 GV Utrecht
You can also send an e-mail to
fg@ns.nl
.
Please note: this e-mail address should only be used to contact the Data Protection Officer. For questions intended for the NS Customer Service, please use one of the channels mentioned in
NS Customer Service.
Ultimate Responsibility
This is the privacy statement of Nederlandse Spoorwegen ("NS" or "we) - NS Groep N.V. and the companies on whose behalf NS Groep N.V. acts. The list of these companies is available upon request from the Data Protection Official. This privacy statement provides information about the personal data that we process belonging to our (website) users, passengers, customers, and passers-by in the NS stations.
Ultimate responsibility for the processing of personal data within NS ('Responsibility' in the sense of the General Data Protection Act) lies with NS Groep N.V. the holding company of all NS business units, including NS Reizigers and NS International.
Contact details:
NS Groep NV
Laan van Puntenburg 100
PO box 2812
3500 GV Utrecht
Registered in the Trade Register (Chamber of Commerce) under number 30124358.
Changes
This privacy statement is subject to change depending on developments that give rise to change. In case of major changes, we will inform you by means of the NS apps, our newsletter, or the website, for instance. This page will always contain the most up-to-date privacy statement. The date of the most recent change to the privacy statement is always specified.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.ns.nl/en/privacy/open-information-management.html:
Cookies used by NS
You can adjust your cookie preferences below. Functional cookies are always active to ensure that the website or app functions properly; for other types, you can choose whether we can save cookies or not.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
Among other things, this lets us make sure that you:
Can use the travel planner and get good travel advice.
Can get a clear picture of current malfunctions and maintenance activities.
Have the option to log in to your secure customer environment and access your personal data and travel information.
Have the option to purchase tickets and/or offers.
Analysing and testing our websites and apps to improve their quality and effectiveness
This lets us improve our online channels, for instance by:
Collecting anonymous information to understand how you use our websites and/or apps, for example what content works well and what does not, e.g. through duration, scrolling behaviour and whether the content lets you make choices or find relevant information.
Collecting anonymous information to ensure we can test new functionalities or designs and determine which provides the best user experience.
Collecting anonymous information to ensure that all parts of our websites work properly on all devices and browsers.
Provide the possibility of giving feedback about our websites, apps, products and content.
Personalisation and relevant information in NS e-mails, websites and/or apps
This ensures we can offer you relevant information in our e-mails, websites and/or apps.
We collect information about how you use our e-mails, websites and/or apps, such as click behaviour and pages visited, combining it (if possible) with your customer data in our customer systems.
This information lets us tailor content and advertisements through our e-mails, websites and/or apps better to your customer relationship, preferences, profile and expectations.
Personalisation and relevant information in the NS websites and/or apps and elsewhere
These cookies let us ensure that we can offer you relevant information both in NS e-mails, websites and/or apps and elsewhere.
We collect information about how you use our e-mails (and possibly other e-mails ), websites and/or apps, such as click behaviour and pages visited, combining this (if possible) with your customer data in our customer systems.
This information lets us tailor content and advertisements through our e-mails, websites (or those of a third party) and/or apps better to your customer relationship, preferences, profile and expectations.
We also use hash-encrypted e-mail addresses, customer lists, website or app traffic – with your permission – in Meta's 'Custom Audiences' Snapchat 'Customer List Audience', LinkedIn 'Custom Audience', X 'Custom Audiences' and Google's 'Customer match'. NS can for example show advertisements to existing target groups comprising people who use technologies from Meta (Facebook, Instagram) or Google. This includes banners and other advertisements on NS.nl, NU.nl, Buienradar.nl, Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn and other media and social media.
Back Button
Performance Cookies
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Cookies used by NS
The online channels (such as web, app and e-mail ) of NS Groep N.V. use cookies and similar techniques (from third parties). NS uses functional, analytical and personalisation  cookies to optimise your user and customer experiences. We ask you for permission to use personalisation cookies. Clicking 'Reject' will leave the personalisation cookies disabled. Clicking 'Accept' shows you accept the NS cookie policy.
We use cookies for personalisation both in NS's online channels and elsewhere. You can withdraw your consent at any time. More information can be found at
ns.nl/en/privacy/cookie-policy
Reject
Accept
change cookies settings