Skip to content
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy for Phase4 Mobile Inc. (“Phase4”) describes:
The information that we collect in our Mobile Apps and Websites
How we use this information, why we store, and why we retain it
How you can request that your information is updated or deleted
Important legal and contact information
Mobile Apps
When you download and use our Mobile Apps, we collect information locally on the type of device you use, operating system version, country code and language to localize the application and to improve the user experience.
Our Mobile Apps require no external user accounts, email addresses or registrations, and our paid apps have no tracking or data collection of any kind.
Several of our Mobile Apps are designed to monitor and help improve sleep over time. Our alarm apps record sleep and awake time, the highest volume sound in one night, and provide the option to record notes. In our baby sleep apps, input sound volume is used to trigger the automatic playback of sounds, and there is an option to create recordings to help your baby go back to sleep. In all of these Mobile Apps, all recordings and notes are stored and used locally on the device, and never exported, shared, or used for any other purpose.
Our Mobile Apps provide an option to request help or suggest functionality via email. No email addresses are used for any other purpose, or shared with any third party. You can always contact us at contact@phase4mobile.com if you’d like to remove an email correspondence.
In our free Mobile Apps, we use leading third party advertising networks and compatible network partners to provide small banner advertisements within the apps.
In our free Mobile apps, in iOS14 and later, we show a standard App Tracking Transparency request to allow you to either opt-in or opt-out of tracking. The iOS tracking settings determine whether ads are personalized or not, and also whether an industry-standard crash-reporting tool is used. The crash reporting tool uses diagnostic traces and installation UUIDs to build a description of any crashes, and this diagnostic information helps us improve the product over time.
If you are located in a country outside the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland, you can opt out of receiving personalized advertising in iOS14 or later by declining the App Tracking Transparency request, or at any later time by disabling “Allow Apps to Request to Track” in iOS->Settings->Privacy->Tracking, or by disabling the tracking switch for the specific app on this screen. You can disable the “Limit Ad Tracking” setting at any time in earlier iOS versions.
If you are located in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland, free Mobile Apps downloaded or updated after May 25, 2018 also present a consent dialog asking whether you wish to have personalized or non-personalized ads. You can also revoke this at any time in iOS14 or later by declining the App Tracking Transparency request, or at any later time by disabling “Allow Apps to Request to Track” in iOS->Settings->Privacy->Tracking, or by disabling the tracking switch for the specific app on this screen. You can disable the “Limit Ad Tracking” setting at any time in earlier iOS versions.
When ads are personalized, either by providing consent and opting-in to tracking in the European Economic Area, the U.K. or Switzerland, or opting-in the rest of the world, personal data is collected by our ad network partners.
Our advertising networks and their demand partners use personalized data to serve relevant ads to the apps, provide aggregated ad reporting, detect and prevent fraud, and maintain and improve their services.
Depending on where you live and your privacy selections within iOS, the personal data collected can include:
Information about your device, such as the type and model, manufacturer, operating system, carrier name, mobile browser, and screen size. Device identifiers such as your IP address, iOS Identifier for Advertising (IDFA), or an Advertising-specific identifier.
Information about your app usage, the start/stop time of your app session, your current time zone, and your network connection type (e.g., WiFi, cellular).
An approximate geographic location, including information like country, city, and geographic coordinates, based on your IP address.
Information about ads served, viewed, or clicked on, such as the type of ad, where the ad was served, whether you clicked on it, and whether you visited the advertiser’s website or downloaded the advertiser’s app.
If you decide that you do not want a personalized advertising experience, this data will not be used, and you will be served contextual advertising, i.e. ads targeted to the content or type of app you are using.
If you do not consent to a personalized advertising experience, or you later withdraw consent, our ad mediation partner may still process personal data when necessary for fraud detection or to comply with the law.
Websites
Our Websites do not store your personal information, track you, or use cookies, and they shows no advertisements. No information is accessed or shared by our websites.
Important Legal and Contact Information
Disclosure of Personal Information As Required By Law
We will disclose personal information when required by law, or if we have good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) comply with current judicial proceedings, a court order or legal process served on us, (b) protect and defend our rights, or (c) protect the rights, property, and other interests of our users or others.
Change of Ownership
In the event that Phase4 goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of a portion of its assets, our customers’ personal information may be part of the assets transferred. Customers will be notified via prominent notice on our site prior to a change of ownership or control of their personal information.
Personal Information of Children Under 13
Phase4 complies with the requirements of the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and the FTC’s Rule interpreting COPPA (16 CFR § 512). This site and our products are not directed to children and do not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age.
California Privacy Rights
Our Mobile Apps and Websites require no external user accounts, email addresses or registrations of any kind.
California residents can choose to opt out of receiving personalized ads in our Mobile Apps at any in iOS14 or later by declining the App Tracking Transparency request, or at any later time by disabling “Allow Apps to Request to Track” in iOS->Settings->Privacy->Tracking, or by disabling the tracking switch for the specific app on this screen. You can disable the “Limit Ad Tracking” setting at any time in earlier iOS versions.
For any additional inquiries, send an e-mail with “California Privacy” in the subject line to contact@phase4mobile.com or write to us at the address listed below.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most current version of the policy will govern our processing of your personal data and will always be at https://www.phase4mobile.com/privacy-policy.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please contact us at contact@phase4mobile.com.
Phase4 Mobile, Inc.
P.O. Box 1326
Manzanita, OR 97130-1326