Please tell us a bit more about you first...
I'M A TEST TAKER
I'M A TEST ORGANIZER
Legal & Privacy
One of ProctorExam’s highest priorities is our users’ needs for data privacy and security. You'll find our policies and distinctive approach to privacy as a proctoring provider below. If you have any questions, you can reach us on
privacy@proctorexam.com
PRIVACY FOR TEST TAKERS
PRIVACY OUTSIDE OF A TEST
ProctorExam uses data on behalf of your test organiser
Your education institution decides which data we can process, and how we can use it. ProctorExam will never process data in any other way or for any other purpose than what is agreed with your educational institution. The information given below is general, and your education institution may restrict some of the stated uses below. Your institution may, for example, choose to exclude your name and/or email address from the data that we receive.
We always establish a Data Processor Agreement (DPA) with our customers. The agreement regulates which data we can process, and how we can do it. Our promise to our customers and end users is that we will never process data in any other way or for any other purpose than what is agreed in the DPA.
At an early stage, ProctorExam adopted a privacy by design approach to product development, to de-identify personal data, which we recommend for every customer (if applicable). Using ProctorExam configurations for anonymous learners ensures that it is impossible to connect personal data to an identifiable learner without the use of additional information not stored on the Proctor Exam platform.
What personal data do we hold and for what purpose?
Personal data you give us or that is transferred from your institution can include:
– Name of the examinee;
– Email address of the examinee;
– Student or employee ID-number – or pseudonymized identifiers such as Candidate ID;
– Screen recording of the PC of the examinee;
– Webcam recording of your environment including your face;
– Smartphone camera recording of your environment;
– Associated exam institute of the examinee.
ProctorExam uses this data to identify you as a user, to monitor your environment in order to safeguard the exam integrity and to ensure that data is only viewable by those who have a legitimate reason (and permission) to do so.
Data we collect automatically when you use ProctorExam.
We may process and store:
– Information on the browser and operating system;
– IP address.
We use this data to make the services work on your device, to aid troubleshooting, and to document user behavior relevant to the correctness of the exam.
We also log user-related events on the system to support and control the workflow. For instance, we log an event if staff members view or alter exam sets.
Who can access my data in ProctorExam?
Staff authorized by your institution may see parts of your data, as well as Proctor Exam staff tasked by your institution.
ProctorExam also uses other companies to deliver our service. Proctor Exam is responsible for how third parties process data.
– Amazon Web Services physically store your data in data centers inside of the EU;
– Google cloud also physically store your data in data centers inside of the EU.
If your institution has consented, we may also use third-party solutions to process selected data.
How does ProctorExam store and protect your information?
One of Proctor Exam’s highest priorities is our customers’ needs for data privacy and security. As a standard part of our business, we have technical solutions and routines in place to ensure that data is kept secure and inaccessible to those who do not have the right to access.
Our privacy design principles include:
Minimisation
: we only collect the data needed to provide the service to our users and customers. We never keep or sell personal information for any other purpose.
Anonymisation
: we anonymize data before making secondary use of them in statistics.
ProctorExam as Data Controller.
ProctorExam stores and processes data from customers, vendors and employees.
We only do this when we have a lawful basis to do so – to fulfill contracts and deliver agreed services, or if we identify a legitimate interest by having conversations with prospects and vendors.
If we want to send you information regarding our services, that is not any of the above, we will ask for your explicit consent to receive the communication. You can unsubscribe at any time.
In no circumstances will we sell or export data for a third party to use.
What information do we collect?
We collect the data you explicitly send us when you submit information via forms on our web page:
- Sign up for ProctorExam release notes, product roadmap, and webinars
– Sign up for ProctorExam user conference;
– Sign up for ProctorExam Blog subscription;
- Enquire information;
- Order products or services.
We collect your IP-address when you visit our website Proctorexam.com. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors on this website.
We also register and process personal data to keep track of communication for customers and prospects (that has shown legitimate interest) for ProctorExam.
ProctorExam's obligation to Data Privacy for End Users and Business Partners
Proctor Exam will strive to ensure that data:
– is processed fairly and lawfully;
– is obtained only for specific, lawful purposes;
– is not excessive and not kept for longer than we need it;
– is kept secure and inaccessible to those who do not have the right to access.
Changes to Privacy Policy.
Any information that we collect is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected. We may, however, revise the Privacy Policy from time to time. If a revision is a material, as determined solely by us, we will notify you, for example via email. The current version will always be posted to our Privacy Policy page.
As a data subject, you have several rights, including the right of access to your data, right of rectification and right of erasure. You should contact the organization responsible of data processing - your test organizer - to exercise these rights. Please check their privacy policy for contact information.
Should you have a complaint about the processing of personal data, you can also as a next step lodge a complaint with the Dutch supervisory authority 'Autoriteit Persoonsgegevens'.
Still need help?
Can't find the legal or privacy topic you are looking for?
Feel free to reach out to our team. We're here to support.
ASK US YOUR QUESTION
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://privacy@proctorexam.com/:
