PRIVACY POLICY
THE CLUB: Fantasy Manager Football (hereinafter, THE CLUB)
AS SITE: Fantasy Manager Football (hereinafter, AS SITE)
PURPOSE
Pursuant to the legislation currently in force on the matter, which is included in the Data Protection Act 15/1999 of 13th December and the Information Society Services and Electronic Commerce Act 34/2002, of 11th July, FROM THE BENCH, S.L. (hereinafter, FROM THE BENCH), with tax ID no. B54318514, registered in the Trade Registry under volume 3279, book 0, page 173, sheet A111767, entry no. 1, and with registered address at Plaza Mayor - Elda - SPAIN, owner of the Web Page or mobile application/website AS SITE by informs their Web Site users about their Privacy Policy regarding personal information and data protection.
OWNERSHIP
Accordingly to the data protection legislation, we hereby inform you that the data you have furnished, shall be included in:
(i) a file owned by FROM THE BENCH, with registered office in Plaza Mayor, Elda, (Spain), and (ii) in other file owned by [NOMBRE DEL CLUB], with registered office in [DIRECCIÓN DEL CLUB], (hereinafter, THE CLUB), becoming both entities Data Controllers of the data each entitie create with the collecting of your personal data.
FROM THE BENCH and THE CLUB, assume all responsibility regarding its correct processing and guarantee that all steps have been taken to ensure data confidentiality and integrity, both in respect of the technical and organizational aspects, as set out in the guidelines included in the Data Protection Act 15/1999 of 13th December and its corresponding implementing Regulations approved byRoyal Decree 1720/2007 passed on 21st December  (hereinafter Spanish Data Protection Regulations). The users agree in accordance with this Privacy Policy, with the processing and communication of their personal data as follows.
DATA PROCESSING BY FROM THE BENCH
2.1.   USE, PURPOSE, MARKETING AND ACCEPTANCE BY USER
The Site's purpose is other than collecting personal data. Access and use of the Web/Application does not imply the communication of personal data. However, any users who wish to participate in the game must fill out an online electronic form or questionnaire that can be found in the Web Site.
The completion of questionnaires and communication of data implies voluntary authorization and consent by the user regarding the processing of personal data freely provided by the Web Site user. Therefore, users expressly accept and consent that all details already provided or those that may be provided in future may be subject to processing within a personal data file. The provision of all details required for registration as a user is compulsory where expressly specified. FROM THE BENCH reserves the right to deny registration to users who fail to provide such details.
Compulsory and optional fields, depending on the information held by the user, shall be clearly highlighted within the electronic forms where personal data is collected.
FROM THE BENCH shall process all details provided by users for the following uses and purposes: Registration on the Site as a registered user, Management and Processing of services offered by Site, sending Marketing advertising, newsletters, news and other regular information on the Site to users, Management and supervision of incidents and Reward Management, as well as preparation of statistics.
You agree that in order to provide services to you which you have requested including relevant content and advertising, and to track and award virtual rewards, we may exchange information that we collect from you with third parties who help us perform these tasks and provide these products and services including UDID (unique device identifier), MAC address, OpenUDID, information about your device systems, application software and periphials, and the country setting on the device.
2.2.   DATA PRESERVATION
In accordance to data quality principles FROM THE BENCH, shall only preserve the details provided by users for the period required to carry out the purposes established under clause 3.1 of this Privacy Policy and all those relevant in compliance with Spanish Data Protection Regulations. All details will be destroyed after the completion of the above mentioned purposes using a method that shall guarantee the security and confidentiality of all personal details processed.
2.3.   SHARING AND ACCESS TO DETAILS
FROM THE BENCH would like to inform users that personal data provided by them shall under no circumstances be transferred or communicated to any third parties, except in order to improve service standards, other circumstances that FROM THE BENCH may deem appropriate and to proceed to deliver the rewards (if applicable) at the end of the championship. In the last case, personal details of winners will be passed on to the courier company in order to be delivered without delay. Users hereby expressly and unequivocally authorise FROM THE BENCH to transfer the data subject to processing for these purposes. FROM THE BENCH, on the other hand, undertakes to request users expressly and in written for any new authorisation in case it was required to transfer their details for other purposes not included in this clause.
DATA PROCESSING BY THE CLUB
We hereby inform you that THE CLUB will process your data for the purposes of management, statistical, quality, control, browsing and security, as well as any other activities required for the registration and deregistration of users. Similarly, provided that you have not stated your objection by marking the box established for such purpose in the data collection form, your data will be processed by THE CLUB to send promotional and commercial communications, by both traditional and electronic means, regarding products and services that are currently or will be commercialized by THE CLUB, its sponsors (which you will be able to view in the link below), or any other third party with which migh collaborate THE CLUB, customer satisfaction surveys; distribution of newsletters and magazines; commercialization of tickets; the customise subsequent purchases and browsing; THE CLUB news, draws and competitions. You may object to the sending of the commercial communications by marking the box established for such purpose or by sending an email to the following email address [EMAIL DEL CLUB] thirty days from receipt of this Privacy Policy.
Therefore and with identical purposes mentioned above,provided that you have not stated your objection by marking the box established for such purpose orby sending an email to the following email addres [EMAIL DEL CLUB] within thirty days from receipt of this Privacy Policy, we hereby inform you that your data may be transferred to sponsoring compnaies or collaborating entities of  THE CLUB, detailed in the following list httpp://www.realmadrid.com/sobre-el-real-madrid/el-club/patrocinadores, that shall, in event, be located in Spain or abroad, including countries that do not offer an equivalent level of data protection as in the European Economic Area (“EEA“) and shall operate in the following business sectors, inter alia: sporting activities; food; sports betting; automotive; drinks; personal care; footwear; e-commerce; audio-visual content; catalogue distribution and sales; household products and perfumery items; electrical; domestic appliances; consumer electronics; energy; temporary employment agencies; financial; hotel and catering; IT; internet; toys; logistics; sports equipment; media; leisure; chemical and petrochemical; watches; health; insurance; telecommunications; mobile telephony; textiles and accessories; transport and travel; videogames.
In addition to this, by accepting these Terms, we hereby inform you that THE CLUB may outsource services to third parties located in Spain or abroad, including countries that do not offer an equivalent level of data protection as in the EEA that may access personal data for which [NOMBRE DEL CLUB] is responsible. If you object to the aforementioned outsourcing to companies located outside of the EEA, you may, within thirty days from acceptance of these Terms, notify us of such objection by sending an email to [EMAIL DEL CLUB]. Please take into account that, if you oppose to such processing, the performance of some of the services contracted with [NOMBRE DEL CLUB] may be hindered.
Furthermore, you hereby undertake to notify THE CLUB of any change of your personal data to ensure that it remains up-to-date at all times and contains no errors.
If, by means of this form, you furnish us with the personal data of other individuals, we hereby warn you that you must do so with their consent, having notified them beforehand of the matters contained in this document.
THE CLUB shall not gather or process personal data furnished by you if you are under fourteen (14) years old. THE CLUB reserves the right to verify, using the means it deems appropriate, the age of any users who have furnished their personal data by means of this form, and may deny users under 14 years of age the access to the services offered and proceed with their cancellation and elimination.
RIGHTS OF ACCESS, CORRECTION, OPPOSITION AND CANCELATION
Under Spanish Data Protection Law, the acceptance of users regarding the processing of their personal details is always revocable. Therefore:
(i)                   In relation to the file owned by FROM THE BENCH users may exercise at any time their right of access, correction, cancellation and opposition within the terms set out by Spanish Law, by sending a written and reliable communication by registered post to the following address: Plaza Mayor 9, 03600 - Elda (Alicante) - SPAIN, or by any other reliable means through which proof of submission can be obtained. The above communication must include the user's identification details, such as a photocopy of the user's ID card, postal address, telephone, contact name, email address and a brief note explaining the reasons behind the exercise of their rights, and in relation to
(i)                   the file owned by THE CLUB, users may exercise at any time their rights of access, correction, cancellation and opposition under the terms set out by Spanish Law by contacting THE CLUB at the following email address: [EMAIL DEL CLUB].
SECURITY AND CONFIDENTIALITY MEASURES
FROM THE BENCH and THE CLUB guarantee full compliance with the provisions contained in Spanish Data Protection Regulations Furthermore, it guarantees due compliance with the provisions set out in Act 34/2002 of 11th July on Information Society Service and Electronic Commerce in regards to user information and unsolicited marketing communications otherwise known as spam.
FROM THE BENCH  and THE CLUB  also guarantee full confidentiality on all communications submitted to users, as well as the correct and diligent processing of personal details provided by the user.
FROM THE BENCH and THE CLUB undertake to avoid disclosing any confidential information or inform regarding any details subject to processing, except where expressly required by law or by the relevant public authorities in conformity with any legal provisions and regulations that may apply.
USER'S OBLIGATIONS
Users are responsible at all times as regards to the veracity of the details provided. FROM THE BENCH, reserves the right to exclude any users from their registered services if found to have provided false, vague or incorrect details, in addition to any other legal actions that may apply. Except where legally entitled, users may not use another individual's identity, and may only provide personal details corresponding to their own identity.
CONSENT
Registration as a user implies acknowledgement and acceptance of the terms and conditions set out in this Privacy Policy  . Users hereby agree expressly, freely and voluntarily to consent to the automatic processing of their personal details as well as to include them in the personal data files owned by FROM THE BENCH and THE CLUB in accordance with these clauses. Users also consent to receive any marketing communications sent by FROM THE BENCH and by the CLUB to its registered users.
COOKIES
Cookies are data stored in the computer's hard disk that enable a faster and optimized performance by the server and the service.
FROM THE BENCH informs that they currently do not use cookies in their Web Site.
UPDATES AND MODIFICATIONS ON THE PRIVACY POLICY
FROM THE BENCH reserves the right to modify the terms and conditions set out in this Privacy Policy at any time, provided that they comply with Spanish Data Protection Law currently in force, and undertakes to inform all users in written and in a reliable way, either by publication in the Web Site or by sending an email or via any other communication means that they may consider appropriate regarding their increase, modification or extension.
CONTROVERSY RESOLUTION
The parties expressly renounce to any jurisdiction that may apply to them and agree to submit themselves to the Courts of Madrid to resolve any dispute that may arise from any controversy regarding the interpretation or compliance with this Privacy Policy, which shall be governed by the Spanish legislation.
POLÍTICA DE PRIVACIDAD
OBJETIVO
Conforme al Reglamento General de Protección de Datos 2016/679, y a la Ley, de 11 de julio, de servicios de la Sociedad de la Información y del Comercio Electrónico, FROM THE BENCH, S.L. (de aquí en adelante, FROM THE BENCH), con C.I.F. Nº B54318514, y con domicilio social en Plaza Mayor, Nº 9, 03610-Elda, ESPAÑA, propietaria de esta Página Web o aplicación/página web móvil EN CALIDAD DE APP, informa a los usuarios de su Página Web sobre su Política de Privacidad en relación a la protección de datos de carácter personal.
PROPIEDAD
De conformidad con la normativa de protección de datos, le informamos que los datos que Ud. nos facilita, se incorporarán a:
(i) un fichero titularidad de FROM THE BENCH con domicilio social en Plaza Mayor, Elda, (España) y
(ii) a otro fichero titularidad (en adelante, EL CLUB), convirtiéndose, ambas entidades, en Responsables del fichero de los datos que cada compañía genere con la obtención de sus datos personales.
FROM THE BENCH y EL CLUB asumen toda la responsabilidad en relación a su correcto tratamiento y garantizan que se han tomado todas las medidas necesarias para asegurar la confidencialidad e integridad de los datos, ambas en referencia a los aspectos técnicos y organizativos, tal como se dispone en las directrices de la Reglamento General de Protección de Datos 2016/679 (de aquí en adelante Legislación Española de Protección de Datos)
Los usuarios están de acuerdo con lo recogido en esta Política de Privacidad en relación al tratamiento y la comunicación de sus datos personales.
TRATAMIENTO DE LOS DATOS POR PARTE DE FROM THE BENCH
USO, OBJETIVO, MARKETING Y ACEPTACIÓN POR PARTE DEL USUARIO
El objetivo de esta Página no es recopilar datos personales. El acceso y el uso de la Web/Aplicación no implican la comunicación de datos personales. Sin embargo, cualquier usuario que desee participar en el juego debe rellenar un formulario o cuestionario electrónico por internet que puede verse en la Página Web.
Rellenar cuestionarios y comunicar datos implica la autorización y el consentimiento voluntarios por parte del usuario en relación al tratamiento de datos personales que han sido proporcionados libremente por el usuario de la Página Web. Por lo tanto, los usuarios aceptan y consienten expresamente que todos los datos que ya han sido proporcionados o aquellos que puedan serlo en el futuro, puedan estar sujetos a su tratamiento dentro del fichero de datos de carácter personal. El suministro de todos los detalles que se requieren para registrarse como usuario es obligatorio cuando se especifique expresamente. FROM THE BENCH se reserva el derecho a denegar el registro a usuarios que no deseen proporcionar dichos detalles.
Los campos obligatorios y opcionales, dependiendo de la información que posea el usuario, deben estar resaltados en los formularios electrónicos donde se recopilan los datos personales.
FROM THE BENCH debe tratar todos los detalles proporcionados por los usuarios para los siguientes usos y objetivos: Registro en la Página como usuario registrado, gestión y tratamiento de los servicios ofertados por la Página, enviar publicidad de marketing, boletines informativos, noticias y otra información periódica en la Página dirigida a los usuarios, gestión y supervisión de incidentes y gestión de recompensas, así como preparación de estadísticas.
Con el objetivo de proporcionarle servicios que ha solicitado, incluyendo contenido y publicidad relevante, y para monitorizar y conceder recompensas virtuales, usted acepta que intercambiemos información con terceros, que hayamos recopilado gracias a usted, los cuales nos ayudan a realizar estas tareas y proporcionar estos productos y servicios, incluido UDID (dispositivo único de identificación), dirección MAC, OpenUDID, información sobre los sistemas de sus dispositivos, software de aplicación y periféricos, y los ajustes relativos al país que posea el dispositivo.
ALMACENAMIENTO DE DATOS
De acuerdo con los principios sobre la calidad de los datos, FROM THE BENCH solamente debe preservar los datos proporcionados por usuarios que durante el período requerido lleven a cabo los propósitos establecidos en la cláusula 3.1. de esta Política de Privacidad y los que sean pertinentes respecto a las obligaciones derivadas de la Legislación Española de Protección de Datos. Todos los detalles serán destruidos tras haber completado los objetivos arriba mencionados mediante el uso de un método que debe garantizar la seguridad y confidencialidad de todos los detalles personales procesados.
Como explicamos en el punto 11, todos los usuarios pueden solicitar el borrado de sus datos personales de nuestros ficheros.
COMPARTIR Y ACCEDER A LOS DETALLES
FROM THE BENCH informa a los usuarios que los datos personales proporcionados por ellos no pueden ser transferidos ni comunicados a terceros bajo ninguna circunstancia, excepto en caso de que sea para mejorar los estándares de servicio, por otras circunstancias que FROM THE BENCH pueda considerar apropiadas y para realizar el reparto de recompensas (si procede) al final del campeonato. En este último caso, los datos personales de los ganadores serán transmitidos a la empresa de mensajería para que sean entregados sin retraso. Los usuarios autorizan aquí expresa e inequívocamente a FROM THE BENCH para que transfiera los datos sujetos a ser procesados para estos objetivos. FROM THE BENCH, por otro lado, se compromete a solicitar a los usuarios expresamente y por escrito cualquier autorización nueva en caso de que sea necesario transferir sus datos debido a otros objetivos no incluidos en esta cláusula.
TRATAMIENTO DE LOS DATOS POR PARTE DEL CLUB
Se le informa que EL CLUB, tratará sus datos para fines de gestión, estadísticos, de calidad, control, navegación y seguridad y resto de actividades de verificación necesarios en el proceso de registro. Del mismo modo, a no ser que haya prestado su disconformidad al respecto, mediante la marcación de la casilla prevista a tal efecto en el formulario de obtención de datos, sus datos serán tratados por EL CLUB para fines promocionales y para llevar a cabo comunicaciones comerciales, tanto por medios tradicionales como electrónicos, relativas a productos y servicios que actualmente o en el futuro comercialice EL CLUB, sus patrocinadores (que podrá conocer en link recogido más adelante) u otros terceros con los que pueda colaborar EL CLUB, encuestas de satisfacción; el envío de boletines o revistas; la comercialización de entradas; la personalización de posteriores compras y navegación; noticias del CLUB, sorteos y concursos. Usted podrá oponerse al envío de comunicaciones comerciales a través de la casilla establecida al efecto o bien mediante el envío de un correo electrónico a la siguiente dirección de correo electrónico
fromthebenchgames@gmail.com
durante los treinta días siguientes a la recepción de la presente Política de Privacidad.
En este sentido, y con idéntica finalidad a las anteriormente mencionadas, y siempre que no haya mostrado su oposición en la casilla establecida al efecto o mediante el envío de un correo electrónico a la dirección de correo electrónico [
fromthebenchgames@gmail.com
] durante los treinta días siguientes a la recepción de la presente Política de Privacidad, por medio de la aceptación de esta Política, le comunicamos que sus datos podrán ser cedidos a las compañías patrocinadoras y colaboradoras de EL CLUB y que en todo caso estarán ubicadas en España o en el extranjero, incluyendo en países que no ofrecen un nivel de protección de datos equivalente al existente en el Espacio Económico Europeo (en adelante, “EEE”), y operarán en los siguientes sectores de actividad, entre otros: actividades deportivas; alimentos; apuestas deportivas; automoción; bebidas; belleza e higiene; calzado; comercio electrónico; contenidos audiovisuales; distribución y venta por catálogo; droguería y perfumería; eléctrico; electrodomésticos; electrónica de consumo; energético; empresas de Trabajo Temporal; financiero; hostelería; informática; internet; juguetería; logística; material deportivo; medios de comunicación; ocio; químico y petroquímico; relojería; salud; seguros; telecomunicaciones; telefonía móvil; textil y complementos; transportes y viajes; videojuegos
Al aceptar el presente documento, le informamos que EL CLUB podrá externalizar servicios con terceras empresas que pueden acceder a datos de carácter personal ubicadas en España o en el extranjero, incluyendo en países que no ofrecen un nivel de protección de datos equivalente al existente en el EEE. En el caso que muestre alguna oposición a dicha externalización a empresas situadas en países fuera del EEE, podrá, en el plazo de treinta días desde la aceptación de esta Política de Privacidad, ponerlo en conocimiento a través del correo electrónico
fromthebenchgames@gmail.com
. Tenga en cuenta que, en caso de que se oponga a este tratamiento, alguno de los servicios contratados con EL CLUB puede verse impedido en su realización.
Por otro lado, Usted se compromete a comunicar al CLUB cualquier modificación de sus datos de carácter personal a fin de que los mismos se encuentren actualizados en todo momento y no contengan errores.
Si por medio del presente formulario nos facilita datos de carácter personal de otras personas, le advertimos que deberá hacerlo con su consentimiento y haberles informado, con carácter previo, de los extremos contenidos en este documento.
EL CLUB no recabará, ni tratará la información personal por usted proporcionada cuando sea menor de catorce (14) años. EL CLUB se reserva el derecho de verificar, por los medios que considere más oportunos, la edad real de cualquier usuario que haya que se haya proporcionado sus datos mediante el presente formulario, pudiendo denegar aquellos usuarios menores de 14 años el acceso a los servicios ofrecidos y procederá a su cancelación y eliminación.
DERECHOS DE ACCESO, RECTIFICACIÓN, LIMITACIÓN DE TRATAMIENTO, PORTABILIDAD Y OPOSICIÓN AL TRATAMIENTO
Según la Legislación Española de Protección de Datos, la aceptación de los usuarios en relación al tratamiento de sus datos personales es siempre revocable. Por ello:
en relación al fichero titularidad de FROM THE BENCH, los usuarios pueden ejercer los derechos al acceso, rectificación, limitación portabilidad y oposición al tratamiento en cualquier momento según los términos establecidos por la Ley Española, mediante el envío de una comunicación fiable por escrito por correo certificado a la siguiente dirección: Plaza Mayor 9, 03600, Elda (Alicante), ESPAÑA, o mediante otros medios fiables a través de los cuales se pueda obtener un acuse de recibo. La presente comunicación debe incluir los detalles de identificación del usuario, tales como una fotocopia del carnet de identidad del usuario, dirección postal, teléfono, nombre de contacto, dirección de email y una breve nota que explique las razones que explican el ejercicio de sus derechos, y en relación
al fichero titularidad del CLUB, Podrá ejercitar los derechos al acceso, rectificación, limitación portabilidad y oposición al tratamiento
iii. en los términos indicados en la normativa de protección de datos, contactando con EL CLUB a través de la siguiente dirección de correo electrónico:
fromthebenchgames@gmail.com
MEDIDAS DE SEGURIDAD Y DE CONFIDENCIALIDAD
FROM THE BENCH y EL CLUB garantizan el pleno cumplimiento de las disposiciones previstas en la Legislación Española de Protección de Datos. Además, garantiza el cumplimiento de las disposiciones establecidas en la Ley 34/2002, de 11 de julio, de servicios de la Sociedad de la Información y del Comercio Electrónico, en relación a la información del usuario y a comunicaciones de marketing no solicitadas, también conocidas como spam.
FROM THE BENCH y EL CLUB también garantizan la total confidencialidad en todas las comunicaciones enviadas a los usuarios, así como el tratamiento correcto y diligente de los datos personales proporcionados por el usuario.
FROM THE BENCH y EL CLUB se comprometen a evitar la divulgación de cualquier información confidencial o informe en relación a cualquier detalle sujeto a ser tratado, excepto en caso de que sea requerido expresamente por ley o por las autoridades públicas competentes conforme a lo dispuesto en cualquier disposición y regulación legal que se puedan aplicar.
OBLIGACIONES DEL USUARIO
Los usuarios son responsables en todo momento de la veracidad de los datos proporcionados. FROM THE BENCH se reserva el derecho a excluir a cualquier usuario de sus servicios registrados si detecta que ha proporcionado datos falsos, confusos o incorrectos, además de otras acciones legales que se puedan aplicar. Excepto cuando sea legalmente pertinente, los usuarios no pueden usar la identidad de otro usuario y solo pueden proporcionar datos personales que correspondan a su propia identidad.
COOKIES
Las cookies son datos almacenados en el disco duro del ordenador que permiten un rendimiento más rápido y optimizado del servidor y del servicio.
FROM THE BENCH informa que actualmente no usa cookies en su Página Web.
ACTUALIZACIONES Y MODIFICACIONES DE LA POLÍTICA DE PRIVACIDAD
FROM THE BENCH se reserva el derecho a modificar los términos y condiciones establecidas en esta Política de Privacidad en cualquier momento, siempre y cuando cumplan con la Legislación Española de Protección de Datos que esté en vigor actualmente y se compromete a informar a todos los usuarios por escrito y de modo fiable, ya sea a través de una publicación en la Página Web, mediante un email o a través de otros medios de comunicación que consideren apropiados teniendo en cuenta su expansión, modificación o extensión.
RESOLUCIÓN DE CONTROVERSIAS
Las partes renuncian expresamente a cualquier jurisdicción que se pueda aplicar a ellas y están de acuerdo en someterse a los Tribunales de Madrid para resolver cualquier disputa que pueda surgir de cualquier controversia en relación a la interpretación o cumplimiento de esta Política de Privacidad, la cual debe regirse por la legislación española.
Cláusula informativa RGPD y LSSI-CE
De conformidad con lo establecido en la normativa vigente en Protección de Datos de Carácter Personal (RGPD 2016/679), le informamos que sus datos serán incorporados al sistema de tratamiento titularidad de FROM THE BENCH SL con CIF B-54318514 y domicilio social sito en 03610-ELDA (Alicante), Plaza Mayor, nº 9, con la finalidad de prestarles el servicio solicitado y realizar la facturación del mismo. En cumplimiento con la normativa vigente, FROM THE BENCH, S.L., informa que los datos serán conservados durante el plazo estrictamente necesario para cumplir con los preceptos mencionados con anterioridad.
Mientras no nos comunique lo contrario, entenderemos que sus datos no han sido modificados, que usted se compromete a notificarnos cualquier variación y que tenemos su consentimiento para utilizarlos para las finalidades mencionadas.
FROM THE BENCH, SL informa que procederá a tratar los datos de manera lícita, leal, transparente, adecuada, pertinente, limitada, exacta y actualizada. Es por ello que FROM THE BENCH, SL se compromete a adoptar todas las medidas razonables para que estos se supriman o rectifiquen sin dilación cuando sean inexactos.
De acuerdo con los derechos que le confiere la normativa vigente en protección de datos podrá ejercer los derechos de acceso, rectificación, limitación de tratamiento, supresión, portabilidad y oposición al tratamiento de sus datos de carácter personal así como del consentimiento prestado para el tratamiento de los mismos, dirigiendo su petición a la dirección postal indicada más arriba o al correo electrónico
Así mismo y de acuerdo con lo establecido en la Ley 34/2002, de 11 de julio, de Servicios de la Sociedad de la Información y de Comercio Electrónico, en su artículo 21, solicitamos también su consentimiento expreso para enviarle publicidad de nuestros productos o promociones que consideremos puedan ser de su interés, por correo electrónico o por cualquier otro medio de comunicación electrónica equivalente.
He leído y consiento que mis datos personales sean tratados por FROM THE BENCH, SL y acepto recibir publicidad o información promocional de dicha entidad.
He leído y NO consiento que mis datos personales sean tratados por FROM THE BENCH, SL y acepto recibir publicidad o información promocional de dicha entidad.
Le informamos que podrá revocar en cualquier momento el consentimiento enviando un e-mail a la dirección de correo electrónico:
fromthebenchgames@gmail.com
Apple does not sponsor, guarantee or manage this promotion nor is it involved in this promotion in any manner. Please do not contact Apple with any queries regarding this promotion.