Skip to the content
Privacy Policy
Effective date: April 3, 2023
Privacy by design
twinme end-to-end encrypted peer-to-peer messaging and voice/video calling services provides “Privacy by Design” in accordance with the European General Data Protection Regulation (EU GDPR).
Twinlife as the operator of twinme servers has no way to decrypt messages or calls between twinme users because (1) exchanges happen in peer-to-peer directly between devices in real-time, with no content distribution server, and (2) Twinlife does not have knowledge of the private keys used to encrypt data.
Information Twinlife has
1. Information stored by twinme signaling servers
The unique identifier randomly generated when
twinme
was activated on your device for the first time, which is used as an account identifier.
Profiles’ information (e.g., avatars and nicknames) you and your
twinme
contacts use to refer to one another.
Randomly generated tokens (i.e., twincodes), used for setting up a call or transmitting a message between a particular pair of contacts.
2. Transient information
Certain information (e.g., twincodes and their IP address at this particular time) is transmitted to
twinme
signaling servers solely for the purpose of placing calls or transmitting messages. Unless otherwise stated below, such information is only kept as long as necessary to place each call or transmit each message, and is not used for any other purpose.
Log information used for statistical purposes on the general use of the
twinme
service during given periods of times (e.g., number of users, device brands and operating systems, locations, number and duration of calls, number of messages exchanged, etc.).
3. Information accessed on your device
‍
twinme
does not access any personal information from your device such as your phone number or address book.
twinme
asks your permission to access:
your camera to be able to take photos used as avatars in your profiles;
your photo album if you want to use pictures as avatars in your profiles, or send them as messages to your contacts;
your secondary memory (SD-Card) if you have one, to access its contents you want to use or exchange with twinme;
your camera and microphone to make voice or video calls;
your networks and systems tools to communicate and notify you of incoming calls and messages.
None of the information accessed by twinme on your device is sent to the twinme servers except as mentioned in the previous two sections.
4. Information stored on your device
Profiles’ information (e.g., avatars and nicknames) you and your
twinme
contacts use to refer to one another.
Contents of messages exchanged in conversations with your contacts, until the conversation has been reset. Once reset, all messages sent and received in a conversation are erased on both devices: yours and your contact’s device.
Information Twinlife may share
We do not share your information with companies, organizations, and individuals outside of Twinlife unless one of the following circumstances applies:
with your consent;
through normal communication with notification servers operated by another entity (e.g. Google or Apple) to notify the application of an incoming call or message, when the application has been put to sleep by the device operating system;
through normal communication with a federated server operated by another entity. Some twinme users might be registered with other providers, which requires exchanging twincodes with these providers in order to communicate with their users;
when legally required.
We will share the information we have with entities outside of Twinlife if we have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation, or disclosure of the information is necessary to:
meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request;
enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations;
detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues;
protect against harm to the rights, property, or safety of Twinlife, our users, or the public as required or permitted by law.
We will update this privacy policy as needed so that it is current, accurate, and as clear as possible.