Skip to main content
Home
Services
Privacy and Cookies
Want to opt out of marketing?
Submit your response here
Privacy
Cookies
Contact
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy helps you understand what personal information we collect, why we collect it, what we do with it and the choices you have, including how to access and update information.
Our Policy applies to you if you use our products or services in store, over the phone, online, through our mobile applications or if you use any of our websites or interact with us on social media (our “Services”).
This Privacy Policy covers in detail how we process your personal information. We have summarised below each area, and more information is available in each of the sections:
Information we collect
: We collect a range of information about you when you interact with Currys in store, online, over the phone, in writing (email and post) or through our social media channels. The specific types of information are listed in the section below.
How we use your information
: We use your information in line with this Privacy Policy and the lawful reasons set out in data protection legislation:
o Where we have your consent to do so
o Where we need to comply with a legal obligation
o Where there is a contract in place
o Where we have established a legitimate interest that does not override your rights and freedoms
o Where there is a vital interest
More sensitive information
: In limited cases, we may handle more sensitive information such as health or criminality-related information.
How we use your information to make automated decisions
: We sometimes use systems to make automated decisions, but you do have rights in relation to our use of these, outlined in more detail below.
How we protect children and customers in vulnerable circumstances
: We endeavour to protect children or those who are in potentially vulnerable circumstances, as described in the section below.
How we use information for analysis
: We undertake analysis activities on our customers and products for a number of reasons, outlined in more detail below.
Digital advertising and personalisation
: We advertise across digital channels, including social media platforms and working with partners and agencies, explained in more detail in this section.
Who we share your information with
: We share your information within the Currys group of companies, with external service providers and other third parties where necessary. In every case we undertake appropriate due diligence to ensure the sharing of your information is secure and appropriate.
Credit Reference Agencies and insurance
: Currys works with Credit Reference Agencies (CRAs) and will exchange information with them. Full details of this are included in the section below.
Sharing your information with lending partners
: Where Currys acts as a credit broker, we will share your information with our lending partners when you apply for a credit account and while you have an active credit account. Go to this section for more information.
International transfers of your personal information
: When necessary, we may transfer your personal information out of the UK. When we need to do this, we ensure appropriate safeguards are in place.
How long we keep your personal information
: We do not keep personal information for longer than is necessary.
Your rights
: You have a number of rights under data protection legislation, including the right to access your information, and the right to request erasure of your information. All your rights and how to exercise them are listed in this section.
How can you stop the use of your personal information for marketing
: You can unsubscribe from our direct marketing communications at any time, including via our dedicated form
here
. More information on how to stop digital marketing is available in our
Cookies Policy
.
Security measures
: We have in place appropriate technical and organisational measures to ensure the security of all personal information we hold.
Links to other websites and social plugins
: We do link to other third party websites and social platforms within our websites which we do not control, and encourage you to also read those privacy policies
Contact us
: You can contact us regarding this Policy using the details listed in this section.
Currys is a trading name of Currys Group Limited (referred to using "we", "us", "our" or the “Company”), a company registered in England and Wales (Company registration number: 504877) and which is part of the Currys group of companies (“Currys Group”). Currys Group is a leading omnichannel retailer of technology products and services, operating through online and 830 stores in 8 countries. We help everyone enjoy amazing technology, however they choose to shop with Us.
We collect personal information about you when you visit one of our stores, use one of our websites, or if you communicate with us by phone, e-mail and social media. We refer to our websites as "Online Services".
The types of personal information we collect include:
Personal details such as your name, address, date of birth, email address, phone number and other contact information.
Transaction information, such as the product you purchased, its price, your method of payment and your payment details, which are anonymised as per Payment Card Industry Security Standards (PCI DSS).
Information about you, like your employment details, financial position and information taken from identification documents, like your passport or driving licence, when we review your application for insurance or loans offered by selected third parties and partners.
Your account information, such as dates of payments owed and received, the subscription services you use, or any other information related to your account.
The phone numbers that you use to contact us over the phone, such as contacting our customer services team.
Account credentials (including new passwords) when you set up a contract with one of our Multiplay partners, such as Sky.
When you're using our Online Services, the information we collect includes:
Account information, like your username, password, and other identifiers or credentials you use to access our Online Services or to buy our products and services, details of your shopping preferences, such as your favourite brands and products, as well as which of our stores you prefer to shop in. (Please note, when you log into your account you will remain logged in for 120 minutes, even if you leave our website. If you are using a shared computer, or do not want to remain logged in for this duration, please ensure you log out before leaving our website).
Information that you provide in your dealings with us. This includes when you register to use our Online Services, or when you subscribe to our services or request further services and/or information from us.
Details of your visits to one of our websites or in-store WI-FI and the resources that you access. Examples include ads that you click, device information and location.
IP address, type of device you are browsing from and cookie information.
If you interacted with our Online Services from an email we sent you we will have a record of that.
More information is available in our
Cookie Policy
.
The situations when you provide personal information could include when you:
Purchase products at our stores, online or through our contact centre.
Register or use our Online Services.
Request to receive marketing or other communications.
Use our Wi-Fi networks or other in-store tech.
Enter one of our competitions or when you complete one of our customer surveys.
Submit information when you’re providing feedback or making an enquiry.
Use interactive features of our Online Services.
Sign-up to a broadbrand or television packaged with one of our Multiplay partners, such as Sky.
Data protection law sets out a number of different lawful reasons for which a company may collect and process your personal information. These are:
Where we have entered into a contract with you;
Where we have your consent;
Where we are legally obligated to;
Where we have determined a legitimate interest that does not impact your rights and freedoms; and
Where it is in your vital interests to.
The table below provides examples of when we might rely on these lawful reasons:
Contract
We use your personal information to process your orders and payments or to give you a refund
We enter into a contract with you when you use one of our services, such as insurance, or to facilitate an agreement between you and our lending partner when you make a credit application
We will also process your personal details when we facilitate a contract between you and one of our Multiplay partners if you purchase broadband or television packages through us.
Consent
We use email and text messages to communicate with you about our products and services, competitions, offers, promotions or special events. For example:
To provide a free mobile phone upgrade reminder service to inform you when a product is back in stock
To send you a renewal notice
To communicate with you about our third-party partners that we believe may interest you
To personalise your experience on our Online Services. This could include providing you with interesting, relevant content, or making navigation to our websites easier (more information is available in our
Cookie Policy
).
To enter you into competitions.
To record if you have additional needs due to vulnerable circumstances or need extra support when communicating with us.
To participant in customer research activities carried out by Currys or agencies on our behalf such as interview, surveys and observations including the capture of images and videos.
Legitimate Interest
To provide customer support and to respond to, and communicate with you, about your requests.
To contact you if we need to obtain or provide additional information in relation to your order or query.
To check our records are right and to check every now and then that you’re happy and satisfied (e.g. customer surveys).
For marketing activities (other than where we rely on your consent), such as marketing permissions captured during the course of a sale and personalising marketing messages through social media and other third party platforms;
To monitor how our email marketing campaigns are performing and personalise email content towards you by monitoring email opens and what links, if any, you are clicking within the email.
To ensure that the emails we send cannot be ‘spoofed’ by fraudsters.
To send promotional material (e.g. renewals) to you in the post or inform you of our offers by telephone
To comply with a request from you in connection with the exercise of your rights (for example where you have asked us not to contact you for marketing purposes, we will keep a record of this on our suppression lists in order to be able to comply with your request)
To send communications to you about your orders, purchases or accounts and bill you for using our products or services
To let you post on our blogs and interact with us through social media.
To ensure a smooth experience on our Online Services, including making sure our websites work correctly (more information is available in our
Cookies Policy
).
To help us understand more about you as a customer, the products and services you use, the way you use them and how you shop across the company, so we can serve you better
Improve the content and appearance of the website(s), and to make sure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you
To operate, evaluate and improve our business, including the development of new products and services; to determine the effectiveness of our sales, marketing and advertising; and the analysis and improvement of our products, offers, promotions, and Online Services and other technologies
To show you relevant ads by using information collected from your devices, if you have provided your consent for such collection, including your searches, location, ads that you have seen and personal information that you have given us, such as your age range, gender and topics of interest. Dependant on your ad settings, this information informs the ads that you see across your devices. So if you visit our website on your computer at work, you might see ads about our products or services on your phone later that night.
To facilitate an omnichannel journey to ensure that you can shop with us in any way that you choose. For example, we may use your information either instore or on a video call with a member of our staff, known as a ShopLive call, to register you with an online account or to access your existing online account, in order to provide you with tailored product advice and support.
Where you fail to repay what you owe us or return our property, we may need to trace your whereabouts (sometimes using a Tracing Agent) in order to recover payment or reclaim property. This might be carried out by a third party debit recovery agent on our behalf.
To protect against, identify and prevent fraud and other criminal activity, claims and other liabilities
For network and information security in order for us to take steps to protect your information against loss or damage, theft or unauthorised access.
To ensure the security and safety of our stores via CCTV.
To send you claim details as part of fulfilling promotional offers if you have made a qualifying purchase.
To help reduce the overall fraud and credit risk for our customers and ensure a duty of care for customers who apply for financial products and services.
To engage in the sale of anonymised and pseudonymised sales and analytics data, ensuring that individuals cannot be identified from it by the recipients. Pseudonymised data is personal data that has been de-identified, and can only be re-identified with certain information, that will not be shared externally under any circumstances. Anonymisation and pseudonymisation is performed using robust methods that comply with applicable data protection laws
Legal obligation
To identify you when you contact us
To verify the accuracy of information that we hold about you
To assist HMRC and/or the Police and/or other regulatory bodies in relation to an investigation by a public authority.
To complete any requests you make regarding your Data Subject Rights
For financial administration
Where necessary for health and safety purposes
To comply with our Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) obligations
Vital interest
We may need to contact you if there are any urgent safety or product recall notices or where we otherwise reasonably believe that the processing of your personal information will prevent or reduce any potential harm to you.
Where we process your information under Legitimate Interest, we will have assessed this processing and balanced it against your rights and freedoms.
Under data protection law, some personal information is considered more sensitive, including information relating to a person’s racial origins, certain beliefs or health conditions.  It can also include information relating to criminal activity.
We do not expect to handle any of your more sensitive information unless it becomes relevant in our dealings with you or you volunteer the information.  Examples of this might be where you have a vulnerability or health condition which is relevant to our dealings with you; where you are involved in a medical emergency or accident; if the information is relevant to a legal dispute or complaint; or while addressing criminality impacting our business.  On the rare occasions we handle more sensitive information, we only do so as allowed by data protection law (for example, where we have your consent, to protect someone’s vital interests or to prevent or detect crime) or as required by law.
We sometimes use systems to make automated decisions based on your personal information or the information we are allowed to collect from others about you or your business (for example where we perform credit or internal fraud checks). This helps us to make sure our decisions are quick, fair, efficient and correct, based on what we know. These automated decisions can affect the products, services or features we may offer you now or in the future, or the price that we charge you for them.
You have rights over automated decisions:
Under certain circumstances, you can ask that we do not make our decision based on the automated score alone; and
You can object to an automated decision and ask that a person reviews it.
If you want to know more about these rights, please
contact us
.
We understand the importance of protecting those that may be in vulnerable circumstances or who are children, especially when signing up for one of our FCA regulated products, such as applying for credit or insurance.
Children’s information
In line with FCA guidelines we do not allow under 18s to sign up for credit or insurance products. Our Online Services are aimed at adults, and we do not knowingly collect or expect to collect or store children’s information.  In the event a child visits our website we ensure the highest privacy by design, including only collecting the minimum information that is necessary.
Customers in vulnerable circumstances
Occasionally, we may need to handle more sensitive information of customers with vulnerabilities or in vulnerable circumstances. This can include, for example, information about medical conditions or symptoms they have. We do this to assist our customers who have a need for additional support. We only collect the minimal amount of information required to achieve this, and only keep it for as long as reasonably necessary.
We analyse customer and transactional information to understand customer attitudes and propensity to act in a certain way in the future. We use algorithms to group customers into segments based on their socio-demographics, frequency of their interaction with Currys, size and type of their purchases, and feedback they provide via surveys.
We analyse customer information to:
Build new products and services or modify our services or store environment to better meet customers’ expectations.
Design and deliver marketing campaigns, product and services recommendations that are relevant to you. This would be based on your past purchases, your online browsing behaviour or on what you have told us in surveys.
Develop product assortments based on types of customers, their preferences and shopping behaviour.
Develop commercial forecasts.
If you have provided consent, personalise your experience on our website.
We may also carry out analytics activities on information which has been fully anonymised.
We engage in advertising activity  across all digital platforms with both targeted and non-targeted advertising. For targeted advertising, we may use information obtained through the use of cookies or similar technologies in your web browser to display ads to you, which you may see on other websites or digital platforms. Our website We will seek your consent to deploy these kinds of cookies and similar technologies through our website cookies consent mechanism. More information is available in our
Cookie Policy
.
In order to ensure that appropriate ads are displayed, we work with partners and agencies (e.g. Epsilon) to analyse and prepare the information and measure the effectiveness of our advertising. This may include matching and combining pseudonymised offline data (such as transaction data) with pseudonymised online data (cookies) to create an online profile for you, based on your cookies preferences. See below the section on
‘Who we share your personal information with’
. Where applicable, we or our advertising partners will combine this information with your transaction information and other information, such as your cookie consent instruction, interactions with our emails, and information from external or publicly available sources.  By building a richer picture of your preferences in this way, we can make sure you see ads most relevant to you. We also use this information to ensure you do not receive unnecessary ads.
The digital advertising includes advertising across social media platforms. The media owners we most commonly work with are
Meta
(which owns Facebook and Instagram) and
Google
(which owns YouTube). The individual privacy policies are linked for your information.
We will also use the information we have on existing customers for modelling purposes, to help identify potential new customers who may be interested in our products.
We share personal information within the Currys group of companies. Members of the Currys group that receive this information are not authorised to use or disclose the information except as provided in this Privacy Policy.
Where we share your information with any third parties, we will undertake due diligence prior to sharing any information with them and will have in place robust contracts that cover the security of any information shared.
Our service providers
We work with partners, suppliers, insurers and agencies so they can process your personal information on our behalf and only where they meet our standards on the processing of information and security. We only share information that helps them provide their services to us or to help them provide their services to you. For example, some of our service providers place advertising for us online, about our products and services and those of our retail partners, suppliers and third parties. As a result, where you have indicated you are happy to receive online marketing from us in our cookie preference centre, you might see online advertising that we or our partners have placed on the websites you visit, or the interactive services you use.
Our third-party service providers include:
Credit and Insurance Partners: When you apply for credit or purchase an insurance product we will pass on your information to trusted third party partners responsible for these products.  When you are an approved credit customer or purchase an insurance product, we will continue to exchange your information while you use the credit facility or have an active insurance product. Please note we act as a credit broker and not as a lender in respect of our insurance products credit facility within our UK and Republic of Ireland stores. See
‘Credit Reference Agencies and Insurance’
section below for more information.
We share your information with financial institutions to improve levels of service, reduce risk and provide due duty of care to you and other customers.
Providers that we work with to deliver our marketing campaigns and facilitate our competitions
Manufacturers of products sold to our customers for whom we carry out repairs.
Companies that enable us to collect your reviews and comments, both online and offline, such as
Feefo
.
Companies which run our contact centres because they need your personal information to identify and contact you.
Third party vendors who help us to manage and maintain the Currys Group IT infrastructure.
Companies that provide insights and analytics services for us so we can stock the right products, send the right marketing campaigns and understand our business and customers better.
Specialist providers of digital advertising and personalising content to provide customers with adverts tailored to them, such as
Epsilon
.
Partners that support our services, such as where we need to arrange a specialist engineer visit.
Companies that work on our behalf processing and sorting information, monitoring how customers use our websites, issuing our emails for us and collecting product/customer feedback from you via surveys.
Where you have asked us to deliver your purchases either to the store (‘Click & Collect) or any other place, we will also share your address and contact details with our delivery partners like
DPD
or
Royal Mail
, to ensure a successful delivery. These partners may contact you to provide periodic updates on your delivery.
Other organisations and individuals
We may also transfer your personal information to other organisations in certain scenarios. For example:
If required to by law, under any code or practice by which we are bound, or we’re asked to do so by a public or regulatory authority such as the Department for Work and Pensions.
To prevent and detect criminality impacting our business, we may voluntarily or on request share information with the Police or other crime prevention organisations, such as the National Business Crime Solution (NBCS).  NBCS is a non-profit initiative that works with the Police and the business community to help tackle business crime in the UK by gathering and sharing information.
Information may also be shared with fraud prevention agencies to prevent fraudulent claims.
If we need to do so in order to exercise or protect our legal rights, users, systems and services.
With banks and insurance companies if you are a financial services (insurance or credit) customer.
With mobile phone operators if you buy a phone contract through us.
With broadband and televisions providers if you buy a related product through us, including
Sky
and
TalkTalk
.
In response to requests from individuals (or their representatives) seeking to protect their legal rights or the rights of others.
With emergency services (if you make an emergency call), including your approximate location.
To trusted third party companies who have subscribed to our services to consume anonymised commercial data.
We work with partners, suppliers, insurers and agencies so they can process your personal information on our behalf and only where they meet our standards on the processing of information and security. We only share information that helps them provide their services to us or to help them provide their services to you. For example, some of our service providers place advertising for us online, about our products and services and those of our retail partners, suppliers and third parties. As a result, where you have indicated you are happy to receive online marketing from us in our cookie preference centre, you might see online advertising that we or our partners have placed on the websites you visit, or the interactive services you use.
Our third-party service providers include:
Credit and Insurance Partners: When you apply for credit or purchase an insurance product we will pass on your information to trusted third party partners responsible for these products.  When you are an approved credit customer or purchase an insurance product, we will continue to exchange your information while you use the credit facility or have an active insurance product. Please note we act as a credit broker and not as a lender in respect of our insurance products credit facility within our UK and Republic of Ireland stores. See ‘
Credit Reference Agencies and insurance
’ section below for more information.
•   We share your information with financial institutions to improve levels of service, reduce risk and provide due duty of care to you and other customers.
Providers that we work with to deliver our marketing and campaigns, and facilitate our competitions.
Companies that enable us to collect your reviews and comments, both online and offline, such as
Feefo
.
Companies which run our contact centres because they need your personal information to identify and contact you.
Third party vendors who help us to manage and maintain the Group IT infrastructure.
Companies that provide insights and analytics services for us so we can stock the right products, send the right marketing campaigns and understand our business and customers better.
Specialist providers of digital advertising and personalising content to provide customers with adverts tailored to them, such as
Epsilon
.
Partners that support our services, such as where we need to arrange a specialist engineer visit.
Companies that work on our behalf processing and sorting information, monitoring how customers use our websites, issuing our emails for us and collecting product/customer feedback from you via surveys.
Where you have asked us to deliver your purchases either to the store (‘Click & Collect) or any other place, we will also share your address and contact details with our delivery partners like
DPD
or
Royal Mail
, to ensure a successful delivery. These partners may contact you to provide periodic updates on your delivery.
We may also transfer your personal information to other organisations in certain scenarios. For example:
If required to by law, under any code or practice by which we are bound, or we’re asked to do so by a public or regulatory authority such as the Department for Work and Pensions.
To prevent and detect criminality impacting our business, we may voluntarily or on request share information with the Police or other crime prevention organisations, such as the National Business Crime Solution (NBCS).  NBCS is a non-profit initiative that works with the Police and the business community to help tackle business crime in the UK by gathering and sharing information.
Information may also be shared with fraud prevention agencies to prevent fraudulent claims.
If we need to do so in order to exercise or protect our legal rights, users, systems and services.
With banks and insurance companies if you are a financial services (insurance or credit) customer.
With mobile phone operators if you buy a phone contract through us.
With broadband and televisions providers if you buy a related product through us, including
Sky
and
TalkTalk
.
In response to requests from individuals (or their representatives) seeking to protect their legal rights or the rights of others.
With emergency services (if you make an emergency call), including your approximate location.
To trusted third party companies who have subscribed to our services to consume anonymised commercial data
In order to process your application, we will share your personal information with credit reference agencies (“CRAs”) and they will give us information about you. This will include information from your credit application and about your financial situation and financial history. CRAs will supply to us both public (including the electoral register) and shared credit, financial situation and financial history information, and fraud prevention information. We will use this information to:
Assess your creditworthiness and whether you can afford to take the product.
Verify the accuracy of the information you have provided to us.
Prevent criminal activity, fraud and money laundering.
Trace and recover debts.
To make sure any offers provided to you are appropriate to your circumstances.
We will also continue to exchange information about you with CRAs on an on-going basis, including about your settled accounts and any debts not fully repaid on time. CRAs will share your information with other organisations. Your information will also be linked to that of your spouse, any joint applicants or other financial associates.
The identities of the CRAs, and the ways in which they use and share personal information, are explained in more detail at
www.equifax.co.uk/crain
.
We will share your information with our lending partners (where Currys is the credit broker and not the lender) when you apply for a credit account. We will do this in order to facilitate an agreement with you and administer the agreement throughout its term. Our lending partners and Currys will continue to exchange your information while you use the credit facility including  information about your credit application, purchases and transactions history (not limited to credit purchases and including any that are not fully complete). Lending partners and Currys will also between themselves share the lending decision, the status of your account and your remaining balance.
We may share and use your information for assessment and analysis, including credit or behaviour scoring (or both), and other related investigations such as product analysis.  We may also use this information to prepare statistical reports, although the reports themselves will not contain any personally identifiable information relating to our customers.
We are a UK-based business and so your personal information will be handled by us in the UK.  From time-to-time we may transfer your personal information (for example, to our suppliers, service providers or other companies within Currys Group) out of the UK for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.   Unless otherwise allowed by data protection law, where we transfer information to a country not recognised as having equivalent protections for information as the UK,  we will put in place appropriate safeguards to ensure your information is protected in the same way as if it was being used in the UK.  This can include putting in place contractual protections (known as standard contractual clauses) and other organisational or technical measures designed to safeguard information.
We will keep your personal information for as long as you're a customer. If you haven't made a purchase or engaged with us for 3 years or more, then we will remove you from our marketing mailing lists. After you stop being a customer, in most cases, we will keep your information for up to 7 years after the last time you interacted with us or if you have purchased insurance products up to 7 years from the end of the cover.
We may keep your information for longer than 7 years if we cannot delete it for legal, regulatory or technical reasons. We may also need to keep it in order to help support product recalls or safety notices. If we do, we will make sure that your privacy is protected and only use it for those purposes.
We do not retain personal information in an identifiable format for longer than is necessary.
The table below outlines the Data Protection Rights available to you:
Access to information held about you
You have the right to request what personal information we hold about you. This is sometimes called a 'Data Subject Access Request'. If we agree that we are obliged to provide personal information to you (or someone else on your behalf), we will provide it to you free of charge. Before providing personal information to you or another person on your behalf, we may ask for proof of identity and sufficient information about your interactions with us so that we can locate your personal information. Except in rare cases, we will respond to you within 30 days after we have received this information or, where no such information is required, after we have received your request. You can request a copy of your information via
this form
, or using the contact details below.
Rectify information held about you
If any of the personal information we hold about you is inaccurate or out of date, you may ask us to correct it.
Data Portability
In certain circumstances you have the right to request a copy of your personal information from us or to have that information passed to an organisation of your choice in a format that can be easily re-used.
To stop or limit our processing of your information
You have the right to object to us processing your personal information if we are not entitled to use it anymore, to have your information deleted if we are keeping it too long or have its processing restricted in certain circumstances.
Where we rely on our legitimate interests, as set out under
'How we use your information'
, you may object to us using it for these purposes. If we agree that your objection is justified in accordance with your rights under data protection laws, we will permanently stop using your information for those purposes. Otherwise, we will provide you with our justification as to why we need to continue using your information.
You can ask us to restrict the use of your personal information if:
It isn't accurate.
It has been used unlawfully but you don't want us to delete it.
It is not relevant anymore, but you want us to keep it for use in legal claims.
You have already asked us to stop using your information but you are waiting for us to tell you if we are allowed to keep on using it.
Please note that we may be required by law to retain certain information. Before we are able to provide you with any information or correct any inaccuracies, we may ask you provide other details to help us respond to your request.
Erasure
You have the right to request erasure of your personally identifiable information (also known as the right to be forgotten). In some circumstances we may not be able to fully delete your information, for example where we have an overriding legal obligation to retain it, and where we can delete it, we will need to keep an appropriate record of the request.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please
contact us
.
We won't send you direct marketing messages if you tell us not to. You can tell us in a number of ways:
You can click on the "unsubscribe" link in any communication that we send to you by email, or send a free SMS short code to opt out of SMS marketing, both of which will automatically unsubscribe you from those channels of communication. Please also note that you will continue to receive any Service communications we need to send in relation to the product and services we have sold to you.
Alternatively, you can unsubscribe by submitting your request
here
. Please note that it may take up to 28 days to process your request.
To stop online marketing through cookies please see our
Cookie Policy
.
If you are seeing marketing from us through your social media channels you can stop these directly within the social media site.
You can find further information within our
Direct Marketing Charter
at the end of this Privacy Policy.
We take our responsibility to protect your information very seriously. All companies within the Currys Group use physical, technical and organisational security measures to protect the personal information supplied by you against loss, destruction, and any unauthorised access by third parties. We do this in several ways which include, but is not limited to:
Following the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) when handling debit and credit card information.
Adhering to General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) guidelines when collecting, processing and storing information.
Using encryption protocols and software to protect your personal information during transmission.
Carrying out regular back-ups of our critical information.
Regular testing and evaluation of our security measures.
Our websites (which includes this Privacy Policy) contain links to other websites run by other organisations which we do not control. This Policy does not apply to those other websites and apps‚ so we encourage you to also read their privacy statements.
We use so-called social plugins (buttons) of social networks such as Facebook, Google+, YouTube, Instagram and Twitter. After activation of a button, the social network can retrieve information, independently of whether you interact with the button or not. If you are logged on to a social network, the network can assign your visit to the website to your user account. A social network cannot assign a visit to websites operated by our other group companies unless you activate the respective button there as well.
If you are a member of a social network and do not want that network to combine information retrieved from your visit to our websites with information they hold on you, you must log out from the social network concerned before activating the buttons.
If you would like to access any of your rights as listed above, or have any questions with regards to this Policy, please use the
contact us
section of our website.
Alternatively, you can contact our Data Protection Office at:
Email:
DPO@currys.co.uk
Post: Data Protection Office, 1 Portal Way,, London, W3 6RS
You can also contact the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) if you have any concerns or complaints with how Currys has handled your personal information:
https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
This Privacy Policy was last updated October 2024 and replaces all previous versions. This Policy is regularly reviewed and if updates and changes are made we may notify you either by email or with an announcement on social channels.
When you purchase a product or service online or in store, or create an account with us, we collect personal information about you to let you know about our latest products, services or offers.  We may do this by post, email, text message, online, or by using social media.
We will only use your personal information to send you marketing messages if we have a legal right to do so. That could be either with your explicit consent or where there is ‘legitimate interest’, like when we have a business or commercial reason to use your information. We will always provide you with the opportunity to opt out of marketing when we first collect your contact details and in every subsequent message.
We may ask you to confirm or update your marketing choices, if you purchase any new products or services with us in future. We’ll also ask you to do this if there are changes in the law, regulation, or the structure of our business.
The personal information we have about you is made up of what you tell us, and the information we collect when you use our services, or from third parties we work with, like Experian. For more information on the third parties we work with and how we use your personal information, please see our Privacy Policy.
We also gather statistics about email opening and clicks, using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our e-mail communications.
We won’t send unsolicited one-to-one (direct) marketing email and/or SMS communications unless they comply with the rules of General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR), Data Protection Act 2018 (DPA18) and Privacy Electronic Communication Regulations (PECR) and related guidance.
Specifically, our promise to you is that:
I.  We will always ask you to actively opt-in to receiving electronic direct marketing messages. That is, unless we’re contacting you about receiving marketing for our own similar products during the course of a sale or when you are setting up a Currys account, and we offered you the opportunity to opt-out when you gave us your details.
II. Our store and contact centre colleagues will always inform you about any further use of your contact details for direct marketing when you make a purchase.
III.    We will offer you a choice of how you would like to receive marketing from us, including email or text.
IV. We will make sure that the products or services we are marketing are the same or similar to the product  you originally agreed / permitted to receive marketing for.
V.  We will record when and how we obtained your marketing consent, and exactly what it covers.
VI. We will make sure the language we use when you consent is clear and easy to understand, and that it’s clearly distinguishable from any other matters, including other Terms & Conditions.
VII.    We won’t use confusing language in our marketing statements, including the use of double negatives, technical or legal jargon and confusing terminology or inconsistent language.
VIII.   For telephone and postal marketing communications, we’ll screen your name and contact details against the Telephone & Mail Preference Service.
IX. We will always offer you the option to opt out of direct marketing at the point when we capture your contact details and in every subsequent communication by clicking the unsubscribe link.
X.  We will make sure we promptly (and always within 28 days) opt you out of our marketing activities on your request. We will make sure there is always a simple, easy-to-access and free of charge way for you to withdraw your consent.
XI. We will operate and maintain an in-house suppression file listing the names and contact details of customers who have told us they don’t want to receive marketing communications through all or particular means of communication.
XII.    We will rely on the legitimate interests of the business (as an alternative to explicit consent) when we undertake postal marketing, when we conduct live outbound phone sales or when we are contacting our business customers. We will include information in our telephone scripts and in all postal marketing on how to opt out of receiving such marketing.
XII.    We will screen information to remove files of deceased people so that they are not used for marketing.
XIV.    We will not send you any direct marketing if you haven’t been in touch with us or purchased from us in the past three years.
XV. We have procedures for dealing with inaccuracies and complaints.
XVI.    We will cooperate fully with any investigation by the Information Commissioners Office (ICO) in relation to our direct marketing activities.
XVII.   We may remove you from direct marketing if we believe that doing so could cause you financial harm or distress.
Bought in lists
We will only use bought-in lists for texts, emails or recorded calls where we have proof of opt-in consent which specifically names us.
I.  We will only use the information on the lists for marketing purposes.
II. We will delete any irrelevant or excessive personal information.
III.    We will screen the names on bought-in lists against our own list of customers who say they do not want our calls, texts or emails.
IV. We will carry out small sampling exercises to assess the reliability of the information on the lists.
V.  When marketing by post or email, we will include our company name, address and telephone number in the content.
VI. We will always tell customers where we obtained their details.
VII.    We will provide you with a link to our Privacy Policy.
VIII.   We will undertake adequate due diligence when we first select information suppliers and in our ongoing work with them in order to make sure it has received and used personal information fairly.
IX. We will make sure that adequate contractual terms are in place requiring information suppliers to make sure personal information was obtained and provided fairly and in accordance with the requirements of GDPR.
X.  We will take all necessary steps to satisfy ourselves that the information has been properly sourced, permissioned and cleaned. We will make sure that sufficient due diligence is undertaken and contractual arrangements are in place with suppliers of personal information.
Cookies
The purpose of our Cookies Policy is to help explain what they are, why you are collecting them, and what information cookies store.
Like most websites, Currys websites and Apps use cookies and other equivalent technologies to collect information. Where we refer to 'cookies’ in this Policy, we are referring to cookies and similar tracking technologies such as web beacons, clear GIFs and pixel tags. Cookies are small data files which are placed on your computer or other devices (such as ‘smartphones’ or ‘tablets’) as you browse this website. They are used to ‘remember’ when your computer or device accesses our websites. Cookies are essential for the effective operation of our websites and to help you shop with us online. They are also used to tailor the products and services offered and advertised to you, both on our websites and elsewhere.
Cookies are either be First Party, meaning that they are directly placed by Currys, or Third Party cookies, which are placed by third-party organisations.
Cookies will also either be session or persistent cookies:
Session: these are temporary cookie files, which delete automatically when you close your browser, effectively ending your session on our website
Persistent: these are cookie files that remain in place even after you have finished your session – they will either delete automatically at the end of their duration period, which varies, or can be manually removed by you.
Some cookies collect information about browsing and purchasing behaviour when you access this website with the same computer or device. This includes information about pages viewed, products purchased and your journey around a website. Currys  can use cookies to monitor your browsing and purchasing behaviour. We don’t use cookies to collect or record information on your name, address or other contact details ,  however some of our Performance and Functional cookies (see descriptions below) will collect ‘hashed’ email addresses (so we cannot see the detail but can differentiate unique values) and the first part of a postcode. All data collected is encrypted, and not attributed to your customer record.
The cookies stored on your computer or other devices when you access our websites are designed by:
Currys PLC, or on behalf of and subsidiaries of Currys PLC, and are necessary to let you make purchases on our website;
Third parties who participate with us in marketing programmes; and
Third parties who broadcast web banner advertisements on behalf of Currys PLC.
The main purposes for Currys uses of cookies are used are to:
Ensure our website works properly and you see all the content.
Keep our website safe from security risks.
Identify any bugs or issues, and work on performance improvements across the website.
To present digital advertising to you and measure the effectiveness of these adverts.
Remember information about you, so you do not have to give it to us again.
Keep you signed in, even on different devices.
Help us understand how people are using our services, so we can make them better.
Help us personalise our website and emails for you by remembering your preferences and settings.
To find out if our emails have been read and if you find them useful.
We work with third party partners to help us carry out these activities
Essential cookies
These are cookies that are required for the operation of a website and cannot be disabled in our preference centre. They include, for example, cookies that enable users to log into secure areas of a website, use a shopping cart or make use of e-billing services, as well displaying website content. They also set and remember your preferences with regards to the placement of other cookies. Generally, these are session cookies that expire on closing the browser but not always.
First Party Performance Cookies
These types of cookies allow online providers to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around their website when they are using it. This assists online providers in improving the way their website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily. Generally, these will be first party cookies (placed by Currys), and a mix of session and persistent cookies. Sometimes the services are provided by third parties and specialised software – which can use either first or third-party cookies.
Third Party Performance Cookies
These are cookies that have been set by others when you visit our site to help us count the number of visitors to our site and see how they use it. This helps us improve the way the site works. This information might be used to help yourself and other visitors find what they want more easily in the future. This service is always carried out by Third Parties using specialised software – all with the aim of trying to provide a better shopping experience for you.
Functionality cookies
These are used to recognise users when they return to a website. They enable the personalisation of content, the recognition of users and remember user preferences (for example, their choice of language or region). They are generally a mix of first and third party, session and persistent cookies.
Marketing cookies
These cookies record a user's visit to a website, the individual pages visited and the links followed. If the cookie is set by a third party (for example, an adtech provider) which also monitors traffic on other websites, this type of cookie may also be used to track a user's movements across different websites and to create profiles of their general online behaviour. Information collected by tracking cookies is commonly used to serve users with targeted online advertising and personalisation. These will  be first and third party cookies and mostly persistent.
Epsilon Advertising Cookies
We partner with Epsilon to provide you with personalised advertising and content from us and other brands. Epsilon uses cookies, device or similar online identifiers (e.g. login-based identifiers, randomly assigned identifiers, network based identifiers) together with other information (e.g. browser type and information, language, screen size, supported technologies) that can be stored or read on your device to recognise it each time it connects to an app or to a website, Epsilon may also (i) link your device to other devices that belong to your and to your household; and (ii) match and combine information about your activity with other information relating to you and originating from various sources. You may read more about Epsilon’s processing in its Privacy Policy:
https://legal.epsilon.com/eu/privacy-policy-services
When you first visit our website you will be presented with a ‘cookie banner’ where you can either Accept All Cookies, or open the Cookies Preference Centre to select certain categories of cookies only, or Reject All but Essential Cookies. In our Preference Centre you can also find out more about the specific cookies on our website within each category.
You can access the Preference Centre at any time where you can change your preferences by clicking 'Cookies Settings' below.
Do note that if you remove the consent to a specific class of cookies, it would not delete the cookies from your device and only disable them.
Manage cookies
Your ad choices
All our adverts clearly display the Adchoices icon, in line with IAB (Internet Advertising Bureau) guidelines, which provides more information on the details collected and used for internet-based advertising, and ways to manage it. You can also directly control your preferences for receiving adverts from specific companies at the
Your Online choices
website.
If you have any questions regarding this Cookie Policy you can contact our Data Protection Office at:
Email:
DPO@currys.co.uk
Post: Data Protection Office, London Campus at Waterloo, 8th Floor, 10 York Road, London, SE1 7ND
You can also contact the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) if you have any concerns or complaints with how Currys has handled your personal information:
https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
This Cookie Policy was last updated October 2024 and replaces all previous versions. This Policy is regularly reviewed.
Contact us
If you have a question or a complaint about this policy, the way your personal information is handled, please contact us by one of the following means:
By web form
Complete this web form to contact us (Please do not submit any opt-out request via this form - it will not be actioned.)
By post
Currys SAR, PO Box 689, SALFORD M5 OPD
Complaining to the Data Protection Regulator
You have the right to complain to the Information Commissioners Office (ICO) if you are concerned about the way we have processed your personal information. Please visit the ICO's website for further details at:
https://ico.org.uk
.  Alternatively our Data Protection Officer can be contacted via
DPO@currys.co.uk
.
We may review this policy from time to time and any changes will be notified to you by posting an updated version on our website and/or by contacting you by email.
We think you’re in Ireland! We have a dedicated Irish website, where you can:
View prices in Euros, and pay in Euros
Order items for delivery to addresses in Ireland
Order items for collection from stores in Ireland
Enjoy deals and offers exclusive to Irish shoppers
Go to Currys.ie
Stay on Currys.co.uk
Personalise your shopping experience
We use cookies - these small but mighty files allow us to deliver a functional and helpful experience, tailored specifically to you. If you prefer to reject cookies, or manage which ones are used, that's cool too. Disabling cookies means your experience on our site will be limited to required functionality only.
Allow all
Allow required cookies only
Manage cookies
Privacy Preference Center
Like most websites, Currys PLC websites and Apps use cookies and other equivalent technologies to collect information. Cookies are small data files which are placed on your computer or other devices (such as smart ‘phones or ‘tablets’) as you browse this website. They are used to ‘remember’ when your computer or device accesses our websites. Cookies are essential for the effective operation of our websites and to help you shop with us online. They are also used to tailor the products and services offered and advertised to you, both on our websites and elsewhere.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are needed to make any site work. They let you log in and use secure areas of our site such as the shopping basket and checkout. They’re known as session cookies because they usually expire once you’ve closed your browser – for example when you’ve finished shopping on this website.
Cookies Details‎
Analytics
These are cookies that have been set by others when you visit our site to help us count the number of visitors to our site and see how they use it. This helps us improve the way the site works. This information might be used to help yourself and other visitors find what they want more easily in the future. This service is always carried out using specialised software with the aim of trying to provide a better shopping experience for you.
Cookies Details‎
Functional Cookies
These are used to recognise when visitors return to our website. They let us personalise our content to you and remember your user preferences (for example your choice of language or region). These are generally a mix of first and third party, session and persistent cookies.
Cookies Details‎
Marketing Cookies
These cookies record a user’s visit to a website, pages visited and any links that are clicked on. If the cookie is set by a third party that also monitors traffic on other websites (such as an advert provider), then this type of cookie might also track a user’s movements across different websites and create a profile of their general online behaviour. The information collected by these cookies are often used to show users targeted online ads. These cookies are almost always third party and mostly persistent.
Cookies Details‎
Epsilon Advertising Cookies
We partner with Epsilon to provide you with personalised advertising and content from us and other brands. Epsilon uses cookies, device or similar online identifiers (e.g. login-based identifiers, randomly assigned identifiers, network based identifiers) together with other information (e.g. browser type and information, language, screen size, supported technologies) that can be stored or read on your device to recognise it each time it connects to an app or to a website, Epsilon may also (i) link your device to other devices that belong to your and to your household; and (ii) match and combine information about your activity with other information relating to you and originating from various sources. You may read more about Epsilon’s processing in its Privacy Policy: https://legal.epsilon.com/eu/privacy-policy-services
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label