Effective Date: 14 March 2024
The provider of StationWeather (“we”, “us”, “our”) respects the privacy of our users. This Privacy Policy explains how we use, disclose, and safeguard your information when you use the app StationWeather.
Please note that this Privacy Policy applys only to the app StationWeather, not the website stationweather.com.
Please read this privacy policy regularly since we might alter it in parts or whole. You can always check the effective date on top to know whether you have read the latest version.
Collection of your information
StationWeather’s primary intention is to provide our users with weather and other aviation-related information. We may collect information about our users that is necessary for this purpose.
We do not require you to set up an account or provide a name, address or email address. When StationWeather makes a request on our servers or any other server, certain information like your IP address will be visible to these servers.
In order to use location-based features like airports around you, or your location on a map view, StationWeather needs access to your location data. You can choose to allow or disallow location services at any time via your device’s settings.
Your location data is only used on-the-fly. We do not store your location data permanently.
When you use the Contact form within the app, the name, email address and text you provide will be included in an email sent to us in order to be able to get back to you. If you choose to attach a debug log, your purchase history, coarse location and app settings such as units, flight rules and auto refresh intervals etc. could be included in the message. This data will only be used for troubleshooting any problems you described in the message.
Transaction Data
If you choose to make a purchase in the app, information related to your purchase is collected directly by our platform partners. We do not collect or store any financial information. We receive information from our partners confirming the purchase and your past transactions within this app to authorize your use of the app and the features that you purchased.
Use Of Your Information
As stated in Transaction Data, we need to use information about your purchases to be able to provide you with the features that you bought. Information that arises during your use of this app, e.g. airports you add to your clips, will remain locally on your device.
Security Of Your Information
We use administrative, technical, and physical security measures to help protect your personal information. While we have taken reasonable steps to secure the information you provide to us, please be aware that despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and no method of data transmission can be guaranteed against any interception or other type of misuse. Any information disclosed online is vulnerable to interception and misuse by unauthorized parties. Therefore, we cannot guarantee complete security if you provide personal information.