1.	Generalities
By accessing or using our mobile app, you agree to be bound all of the terms and conditions described in these Terms. If you do not agree to all of these terms and conditions, do not use our mobile app.
2.	Definition
The « mobile app » is the software designed by the EMSC for Android OS and Apple iOS devices as its updates.
3.	User account
The use of the mobile app requires a user account. This account shall include, among other elements, the user email needed to post a comment or send a photo.
4.	Geolocation
To work and present you with relevant information (earthquakes near you), the application scans your location.
5.	Responsability
The EMSC cannot be held liable for:
The mobile app content displayed or the your use of it,
The performance or the capabilities of your device.
It is the user responsibility to update the mobile app when a new version becomes available.
6.	Availability
This mobile app is intended for devices using mobile networks. The EMSC cannot guaranty the mobile app proper functioning and the data transfer liability. The EMSC reserves the right to interrupt or discontinue any or all of the functionalities of this mobile app.
7.	Comments submit
The user can submit comments:
True and fair
Respecting privacy
Banned comments:
Religious comments
Offensive comments
Threats
Comment that infringe copyright
The EMSC reserves the right to not publish on its own website or mobile app any inappropriate content. The posting on social networks is under the user responsibility.
8.	Photo or video submit
The user can submit photos or videos:
Which he or she shot himself/herself.
Which respect the dignity of the individuals.
For videos only, they cannot content any identifiable individuals.
By posting any photo or video by means of the mobile app, the copyright is deemed assigned to EMSC.
The EMSC reserves the right to not publish on its own website or mobile app any inappropriate photo or video. The posting on social networks is under the user responsibility.
9.	Changes to terms of use
The EMSC reserves the right to modify these Terms of Use at any time and with no prior warning.