Terms and Conditions
Home
»
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
The payment to VMEdu can be made through
www.Paypal.com
– a global leader in online payment solutions (accepts Visa, Master Card, American Express, etc.) with payments accepted from 190 countries worldwide.
Once you make payment through Paypal and enroll in VMEdu, Paypal will immediately issue a receipt. Your login details to access VMEdu Subcription or course will be provided either on the enrollment page of VMEdu.com or sent to you by email.
Please Note :
Premium subscription is a recurring payment plan.  Based on your selected option, PayPal will charge your account automatically on a recurring basis.
Premium subscription can be canceled only from your PayPal account before the next payment date. After cancellation, your premium subscription access will be active until your next payment date.
If you are unable to remit payment using any of the methods given above, please contact us at
https://www.VMEdu.com/AboutUs/Contact-Us
so that we can suggest for alternate modes of payment.
Within 6 hours of your making the payment, we will provide you the service for which the payment was made.
If you do not have a credit card or cannot use your credit card for making payment and choose to use the credit card of a colleague, friend or relative, then, please contact us at
https://www.VMEdu.com/AboutUs/Contact-Us
with the payment details and your personal information (name, address, and preferred email address for correspondence). We will set up the account to reflect your personal details, so that you can take the course in your name.
Sometimes, enrollment emails sent from VMEdu may go to your Bulk/Junk Email folder. So, you are requested to look in that folder when you expect an enrollment email from VMEdu.
Limitation of Liability:
In case of any disputes or perceived failure to provide service as agreed, VMEdu will only be liable for the amount paid by the student towards the course enrollment fee. VMEdu will not be liable for lost wages and any other incidental costs that a student may have incurred. The total value of reimbursement provided to a student by VMEdu will not, under any circumstances, exceed the amount that the student has paid for the course.
Course upgrade or Course change requests: Any changes to the course, including urgrading the course, should be requested within 3 days of making the initial payment. However, no money can be refunded after initial payment is made.
Information about your enrollment may be provided to co-workers in your company who may ask for references about our course.
When you enroll in a VMEdu subscription or courses and pass the certification exams, your name will be added to the success list of respective certification bodies.
VMEdu will not distribute your personal information to any Fourth party marketing database or disclose the personal details to anyone EXCEPT on a case to case basis after proper verification of the person requesting the information or in case of legal requirements. Your personal information could be used by VMEdu and its Authorized Training Partners (A.T.P.) to inform you about other courses and offerings.