We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website.
Click here
for more information.
Got it
Privacy Policy and cookies
Definitions
These definitions should help you understand this policy.
“Personal Data”
means any information that identifies or can be used to identify an individual directly or indirectly, including, but not limited to, first and last name, identification number, date of birth, email address, gender, occupation, or other demographic information.
“Website”
means all content included in our domain
justinmind.com.
“Services”
means the Justinmind’s product, including Justinmind analytics and testing mechanisms and Justinmind content, as well as any information or support related to them that we provide to customers.
“Channels” means the various means by which we may collect information including our Website, the Services, social media pages, HTML-formatted e-mail messages and through offline sales and marketing activities.
“Website Visitor”
refers to anyone visiting our Website.
“User”
refers to the person or entity that uses our Services. They may have downloaded and installed a free version of one of our plugins or have subscribed to use a premium version of them in a site.
“you”
refers to Website Visitors or Users.
“GDPR”
refers to the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of Personal Data and on the free movement of such data.
“including“, “includes”
or similar words refer to matters which are included without limitation, in other words, that are not limited to any list provided.
Changes
We may revise this Privacy Policy & Cookies at any time and from time to time. All updates and amendments are effective immediately upon notice, which we may give by any means, including, but not limited to, by posting a revised version of this Privacy Policy or other notice on the Website. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy often to stay informed of changes that may affect you.
Scope
This document explains how Justinmind collects your Personal Data, how Justinmind uses these data, and your rights to control their use. This privacy policy applies to all data that we have collected or collect related to you, and according to our
Terms of use
.
Contact
If you have any questions or comments, or if you want to update, delete, or change any Personal Data we hold, or you have a concern about the way in which we have handled any privacy matter, please use our
contact form
to send us a message. You may also contact us by email at jim dot info at justinmind dot com, or by postal mail to our business address.
Information We Collect, purpose and legal basis
Here are the different alternatives with which we gather your personal data information and the legal basis that allows us to process it:
1. Information You Explicitly Give Us: We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or give us in any other way through a direct interaction with us which includes:
Your email when you sign up to our product or services (6.1.b) GDPR: processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party).
Your e-mail when you sign up to our newsletter (6.1.a) GDPR: Consent given by you).
Your name and email when you post a comment on our blog posts (6.1.f) GDPR: legitimate interest pursued by us in giving response to the consultations received).
Your name and email when you contact us through our contact forms (6.1.f) GDPR: legitimate interest pursued by us in giving response to the consultations received).
Your name, email, postal address, telephone number and your company name when you subscribe to our payment product (6.1.b) GDPR: processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party).
The Personal Data you provide us when you send us an email or contact our support service (6.1.f) GDPR: legitimate interest pursued by us in giving response to the consultations received).
Note that we do not collect any payment (credit card) information when you subscribe to one of our services. We have an agreement with Braintree as payment processor of our services. See the section Third-party Providers below for more information.
2. Information we collect automatically: When you use the Services or browse our Website, we may collect information about your visit to our Website, your usage of the Services, and your web browsing. That information may include:
Your network routing information (where you come from).
Your Internet Protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet and which may identify your general geographic location or company.
Your computer and connection information such as browser type, version, and time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, and platform.
We may collect this information as a part of log files as well as using cookies or other tracking technologies. Our use of cookies and other tracking technologies is discussed more below, and in more detail in the
Cookies & Other Tracking Technologies
section below.
The processing of your personal data collected by the cookies used in this website will be based on the consent given by you (6.1.a) GDPR) in the case that you accept such cookies; on our legitimate interest (6.1.f) GDPR) in the case of cookies that are strictly necessary for the proper functioning of the website.
3. Track and evaluate our marketing campaigns, including online advertising and e-mail marketing campaigns 6.1.f) GDPR: Legitimate interest).
4. To communicate with you about a conference or event hosted, co-sponsored or participated by us, including information about the event’s content, logistics, payment, updates, and any additional meetings, special demonstrations or other customer facilitation. After the event, we may contact you about the event and related products and services, and may share information about your attendance with your company (if any)(6.1.a) GDPR Consent given by you).
What Personal Data We Share and Disclose to Third Parties
We do not sell your Personal Data to anyone. We may share your Personal Data with our third party Service Providers, who help us provide and support our Services and products, such as credit card processing services, order fulfilment, analytics, event or campaign management, website management, information technology and related infrastructure provision, customer service, e-mail delivery, auditing, and other similar services. In this case, we require by contract from our services providers to use your Personal Data only for the purpose of providing services to us and subject to terms consistent with this policy, along with all applicable regulations regarding personal data protection.
You can find more information about our third party service providers below, as well as the mechanism used by them in order to protect your personal data in the case of an international transfer outside the European union.
Public Information and Third Party Websites
Blog. We have a public blog on our Website. Any information you include in a comment on our blog may be read, collected, and used by anyone. If your Personal Data appears on our blog and you want it removed,
contact us here.
If we are unable to remove your information, we will tell you why.
Social media platforms.
We maintain presences on social media platforms including Facebook and Twitter. Any information, communications or materials you submit to us via a social media platform is done at your own risk without any expectation of privacy. We cannot control the actions of other users of these platforms or the actions of the platforms themselves. Your interactions with those features and platforms are governed by the privacy policies of the companies that provide them.
Links to third-party websites. Our Website include links to other websites, whose privacy practices may be different from ours. If you submit Personal Data to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any website you visit.
Does Justinmind Use Cookies and Other Tracking Mechanisms?
Yes. Justinmind uses cookies and similar technologies like single-pixel gifs and web beacons. We use both session-based and persistent cookies. We set and access our own cookies on our Website. In addition, we use third-party cookies, like Google Analytics.
We may use cookies to recognize you when you visit a domain we operate or when you use our Services, and also to remember:
your display preferences, including your selected language,
if you have already replied to a survey pop-up that asks you to subscribe to our Newsletter (so you won’t be asked again),
if you have agreed (or not) to our use of cookies on that site,
the service you subscribe to perform the checkout with our reseller. We also use cookies to measure the traffic and performance of our Website’s pages.
What Types of Cookies Do We Have?
Depending on who sends the cookies and treats the data obtained, the cookies we use may be:
Own Cookies: These are cookies sent to your terminal from a computer or domain managed by us (and from which the service requested by you is provided). For example, we have defined and own certain cookies that are used to run certain functionalities of our product and services or user test experiments, as well as to track visitor information.
Third party cookies: These are cookies sent to your terminal from a computer or domain that is not managed by us, but by another entity that processes data obtained through cookies. For example, we use Google Analytics cookies to measure the traffic in our Website or MailChimp cookies to see the openings and clicks of our Newsletter emails. See the
Third Party Service Providers
section below for more details.
How You Can Control or Delete Cookies
You can control and/or delete cookies as you wish – for details, see
aboutcookies.org
. You may delete all cookies that are already in your computer and you may set most browsers to prevent cookies from being placed. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some services and functionalities may not work.
Browser manufacturers provide help for cookie management in their products. Please see below for more information.
Google Chrome
Internet Explorer
Mozilla Firefox
Safari (Desktop)
Safari (Mobile)
Android Browser
Opera
Opera Mobile
For other browsers, please consult the documentation that your browser manufacturer provides.
Data Collected for and by You
As you use our Services or post on our Channels you may write information you have collected from any individuals. We have no direct relationship with them other than you and, for that reason,
you are responsible for making sure you have the appropriate permission for us to collect, post, and process information about these individuals.
Consistent with the uses of Personal Data covered in Section 6, we may transfer Personal Data from you or these individuals to companies that help us provide or support our Services. All third Service Providers enter into a contract with us that protects Personal Data and restricts their use of any Personal Data consistent with this policy.
How You May Exercise Your Rights
You may send a request through the
contact form
in our Website to request the exercise of the following rights:
Right to request access to any Personal Data we may have about you.
Right to request rectification (if incorrect) or deletion of Personal Data.
Right to request limitation of their treatment, in which case they will only be kept by Justinmind for the exercise or defense of claims.
Right to object to processing. Justinmind will no longer process the Personal Data in the way you indicate, unless for compelling legitimate reasons or the exercise or defense of possible claims has to be further processed.
Right to data portability. In the event that you wish your Personal Data to be processed by another company, Justinmind will provide you with the portability of your data to the new data controller.
We will give you access to any Personal Data we hold about you within 30 days of any request for that information. Individuals may request to access, correct, amend, or delete information we hold about them through our
contact form
. Unless it is prohibited by law, we will remove any Personal Data about an individual from our servers at your or their request. There is no charge for an individual to access or update their Personal Data.
Possibility of withdrawing consent.
In the event that you have given your consent for a specific purpose, you have the right to withdraw it at any time, without it affecting the lawfulness of the processing based on the consent prior to its withdrawal.
How to complain to the Control Authority. If you consider that there is a problem with the way in which Justinmind is handling your Personal Data, you may address your complaints to Justinmind (indicated above) or to the corresponding Data Protection Authority
Accuracy and Data Retention
We take reasonable business measures in compliance with laws to keep your Personal Data accurate and up to date, to the extent that you provide us with the information we need to do so. If your Personal Data changes (for example, if you have a new email address), then you are responsible for notifying us of those changes.
We will retain the following data:
1. Disaggregated data: Disaggregated data will be retained without a deadline for deletion.
2. Subscribers data: During the time your account is active or as long as needed to provide you with our Services in accordance with our
terms and conditions,
unless a longer period of retention is required by law, in such case, the legal period shall apply.
3. Newsletter subscribers’ details: From the moment the user signs up to the product until the user unsubscribes from the newsletter.
4. User data uploaded by Justinmind to pages and profiles on social networks: From the moment the user offers consent until it withdraws it.
Children’s Privacy
Our Services are not directed at nor targeted to children. If you have not reached the age of majority or are not able to enter into legally binding agreements in your country, you may not use our Services unless supervised/accepted by an adult, as applicable.
Our goal is to comply with applicable laws and regulations relating to collection and use of information from children as such term is defined by applicable laws. If you believe that we have received information from a child or other person protected under such laws, please notify us immediately through our contact form or to the e-mail address indicated in the heading of this legal notice, and we will take reasonable steps to remove that information from our databases.
Notice of Breach of Security
We take reasonable and appropriate measures to protect Personal Data from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction, taking into account the risks involved in the processing and the nature of the Personal Data. If a security breach causes an unauthorized intrusion into our system that materially affects you, then we will notify you as soon as possible (in the event of a breach being detected, Justinmind undertakes to inform users within 72 hours) and later report the action we took in response.
We use Braintree as the payment processor of our services. Therefore, all payments for the services will be done through Braintree. Braintree uses security measures to protect your information both during the transaction and after its completion. They are a United States-based payment processor of digital goods specialized in safe and secure Internet sales, compliant with PCI and that employs Verisign SSL Certificates.
We only use service providers that enter into agreements with us whereby the service provider commits to take the appropriate measures to protect Personal Data and be compliant with GDPR.
Third party service providers
To be transparent and provide you with the maximum information about who our third party service providers are, we list below the ones that may keep Personal Data, what information they keep, and how we ensure the GDPR compliance through their contracts.
Braintree (a PayPal service)
Braintree is the payment processor of our Services.
All Personal Data required to perform the payments to our Services is provided directly to Braintree.
We do not have access to any of your personal financial information, such as credit card numbers.
When you subscribe to any of our services, Braintree requests you explicitly to agree with their
Privacy Policy.
Google
We use
G Suite
(Gmail, Docs, Drive, and Calendar for business), for communication, storage, and collaboration. In addition, on our Website we use
Google Analytics
to analyze its use and optimize its performance.
Google is a US company the data of which are in
Google Cloud Locations
. As described in their
Privacy Shield certification
, they comply with the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of Personal Data from European Union member countries and Switzerland, respectively.
Google is fully
committed to GDPR
compliance as described on their Commitments to GDPR that articulate the commitments with us. For all the previous services, as a commitment to privacy and security, we have signed the following documents:
Data Processing Security Terms (Customers) contract
,
G Suite Standard Contractual Clauses
,
Data Processing Amendment to G Suite
, and a
EU Model Contract clauses.
Amazon
We use Amazon Web Services (AWS)
, the Amazon cloud computing platform, as the backend of the Justinmind Content service. Personal Data related to this service (except for payment details, see Braintree above) is kept in Amazon’s systems.
Amazon.com, Inc. is a US company, the data of which are in
AWS Global Infrastructure
. As described in their legal policies, participates in the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework regarding the collection, use, and retention of Personal Data from European Union member countries and Switzerland, respectively. They have certified with the Department of Commerce that they adhere to the
Privacy Shield Principles.
Amazon is fully committed to GDPR compliance as described in their
Compliance to GDPR
document, which articulates their commitments with us.
Mailchimp
We use Mailchimp to deliver our newsletters and other email communications. Therefore, Mailchimp, with servers located around the US, keeps Personal Data about your name and email and gathers statistics about email opening and clicks as part of its service.
Mailchimp applies Standard Data Protection Clauses adopted by the European Commission in order to ensure the appropriate level of protection of the personal data transferred to the USA.
As described in its knowledge base, Mailchimp is committed to achieving compliance with the GDPR and is mindful of your compliance efforts. For more information about the way in which Mailchimp is committed to achieving compliance with the GDPR in 2018, see
About the General Data Protection Regulation.
Zendesk
We use Zendesk by Zendesk, Inc. as our ticketing service and help desk software. Zendesk keeps Personal Data about your name and email, as well as any other information you may have disclosed while interacting with us to receive support.
Zendesk Inc. is a US company, the data of which are in
Zendesk Data Hosting.
As described
on their website
they are fully committed in being compliant with the GPDR and applies Standard Data Protection Clauses adopted by the European Commission in order to ensure the appropriate level of protection of the personal data transferred to the USA.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.braintreepayments.com/legal/braintree-privacy-policy-us:
<< Back To Home Page
Braintree Privacy Statement
1. Overview
2. Your privacy rights and choices
a. Understanding your rights
b. Understanding your choices
3. The personal data we collect
4. Where personal data comes from
a. How we use tracking technologies
5. Why we collect personal data
6. How and why we share personal data
7. How we protect your personal data
8. How long do we keep your personal data
9. How and where we transfer your personal data
10. How this statement changes over time
11. Children’s privacy
12. Contact Us
13. Additional Information
Braintree Privacy Statement
Last updated on 28 March 2022
1. Overview
This privacy statement explains how and why PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., as a controller, collects, stores, uses, shares and transfers personal data when you visit our websites offering Braintree services or use the Braintree services. Reading it will help you understand your privacy rights and the choices may you have.
PayPal is deemed authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. The nature and extent of consumer protections may differ from those for firms based in the UK. Details of the Temporary Permissions Regime, which allows EEA-based firms to operate in the UK for a limited period while seeking full authorisation, are available on the Financial Conduct Authority’s website.
“Personal data” in this statement means information about you, including your identity, financial information, contact information, and online behavior.
2. Your privacy rights and choices
When it comes to how your personal data is collected, stored, used, and shared, you have rights and choices.
a. Understanding your rights
You have the right to request a copy of the personal data, restrict processing, correct inaccuracies, anonymize or delete, and transfer your data that we’ve collected about you, subject to limitations under applicable law.
You may also have the right to review the outcome of certain automated decisions and request not be subjected to automated decision-making. If you want to exercise any of your rights, please
contact us
.
b. Understanding your choices
Here are some of the ways we communicate with you and the choices you have to limit these communications.
How we communicate with you
Your choices about how we communicate with you differ depending on the purpose of the message and how it is delivered.
If you use our services to pay for goods and services, we may contact you via email, telephone, or send you paper mail. We do this when we reply to a message from you or when we have to communicate with you to comply with a law or other obligation. These messages contain important information and you may not opt out of receiving them.
If you are an existing merchant using our services so your customers can pay you, we may contact you using a telephone, email, text, paper mail, and send notifications to your merchant dashboard to help manage your account, deliver important information to you, and market our products and services.
If you are a merchant inquiring about our payment services, we may contact you via email or telephone to market our products and services and answer questions you may have about how our services work.
Depending on how we send the marketing communications, you can either click the unsubscribe link in any marketing email, opt out of a text message by replying “STOP,” or turn off notifications on your device to stop receiving these types of messages.
3. The personal data we collect
We may collect your personal data when you visit our websites, create a merchant account, or use our payment services to buy or sell goods and services.
Here are the kinds of personal data that we may collect when you use our services to purchase goods and services or contact us:
Information that identifies you, for example:
First and last name
Shipping address
IP address
Information collected from cookies or other tracking technologies
Records and financial information, for example:
Credit and debit card information
Commercial information, for example:
Transaction information
Internet or network activity, for example:
Interactions with our services
Geolocation information, for example:
IP-based geolocation
Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information, for example:
Call recordings when you talk to customer service
Information we infer based on your personal data, for example:
Fraud and risk assessments
Here are the kinds of personal data that we may collect when you inquire about our services, create a merchant account with us, or use our services so your customers can pay you. This may also include the personal data of your employees:
Information that identifies you, for example:
First and last name
IP address
Information collected from cookies or other tracking technologies
Records and financial information, for example:
National identification Number
Government-issued identification
Bank account and routing numbers
Personal characteristics, for example:
Age
Internet or network activity, for example:
Interactions with our services or websites
Geolocation data, for example:
IP-based geolocation
Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information, for example:
Call recordings when you call us
Photo IDs
Professional or employment information, for example:
Business information, contact emails and phone numbers
Tax IDs
Information we infer based on your personal data, for example:
Fraud and risk assessments
Here are the kinds of personal data that we may collect when you visit our websites:
Information that may identify you, for example:
IP address
Email address
Information collected from cookies or other tracking technologies
Internet or network activity, for example:
Interactions with our services or websites
Information we infer based on your data, for example:
Fraud and risk assessments
4. Where personal data comes from
We may collect personal information about you from various sources, for example from:
Website visitors and those who inquire about our services
Merchants and their employees
Your customers when they pay you using our services
Our payment partners, such as card networks and payment processors
Credit bureaus
Service providers, such as companies that help us manage risk and fraud, deliver services to you, and market our services
a. How we use tracking technologies
We or our authorized service providers may use cookies and similar tracking technologies to collect data whenever you use our services, visit our websites, or visit websites that offer our services. The information collected with these technologies helps us deliver our services, measure the effect of our ads, prevent fraud and enhance the security of our websites and service.
You can disable or decline some cookies for our websites and services. But, since some parts of our service rely on cookies to work, those services could become difficult or impossible to use.
To learn how to opt-out of this kind of tracking technology, visit
About Ads
.
5. Why we collect personal data
We collect personal data for many reasons, including to improve your experience, and to run our business. Let’s look at some specific reasons why we collect your personal data.
If you use our services to pay for goods and services or contact us, we may use your information for our legitimate interests to:
Communicate with you when you need us, such as answering a question you sent to our customer service team.
Run our websites and provide payment processing services.
Manage and improve our business.
Protect you from risk and fraud.
Comply with laws.
If you are a merchant (or the merchant’s employee) who use our services so your customer can pay you, we may use your information to fulfill our contract with you and for our legitimate interests to:
Communicate with you when you need us, such as answering a question you sent to our customer service team.
Run our websites and provide services, for example to verify access to your account and enable payment processing.
Manage and improve our business.
Protect our business and our customers from risk and fraud.
Market our products and services.
Personalize your experience when you use our websites and services.
Contact you when you need us, such as answering a question you sent to our customer service team.
Comply with laws and enforce our agreements with you and other people who use our services.
If you visit our websites or inquire about our services, we may use your information in our legitimate interests to:
Communicate with you when you need us, such as answering a question you sent to our customer service team.
Manage everyday business needs.
Protect our business and our customers from risk and fraud.
Analyze and improve our services.
Market our products and services.
Comply with laws.
6. How and why we share personal data
We do not sell your personal data. However, we may share data across our services and with other members of the PayPal corporate family. Sometimes we also share the personal data we collect with third parties to help us provide services, protect our customers from risk and fraud, market our products to merchants and those who inquire about our services, and comply with legal obligations.
You can review the kinds of personal data that we may share by reviewing
The personal data we collect
section.
We may share personal data with:
Other members of the PayPal corporate family
Merchants to help us manage risk, fraud and to help provide us with information to effectively communicate with you to meet our legal obligations
Service providers that help us with processing payments, marketing, research, compliance, audits, corporate governance, communications, and security
Card networks and payment processors
Courts, governments, regulators and law enforcement when accompanied by a subpoena or other legal documentation that requires PayPal or members of our corporate family to respond
Third-party tools used to help fight spam and abuse.
Other third parties to:
Comply with laws
Investigate or enforce violations of our user agreement
Facilitate a merger, purchase, or sale of part or all of our business
Comply with card association rules
To prevent physical harm or illegal activity
7. How we protect your personal data
Helping to keep your personal data safe against loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, and alteration is our top priority.
To protect your personal data, we use technical, physical, and administrative security measures that include:
Firewalls
Data encryption
Physical access controls at our data centers
While we protect our systems and services, you’re responsible for keeping your password(s) and account information private. Also, you’re responsible for making sure your personal information is accurate and up to date.
8. How long do we keep your personal data
We retain personal data for the time necessary to fulfil your request and our legal obligations. We may maintain personal data for longer periods if it is our legitimate business interests and not prohibited by law. If you no longer use our services, we may keep your personal data and other information as required by law and according to our data retention policy. If we do, we’ll continue to handle it as we describe in this statement.
9. How and where we transfer your personal data
Our operations are supported by a network of computers, cloud-based servers, and other infrastructure and information technology, including, but not limited to, third-party service providers.
The parties mentioned above may be established in jurisdictions other than your own and outside the European Economic Area and Switzerland. These countries do not always afford an equivalent level of privacy protection. We have taken specific steps, in accordance with EEA data protection law, to protect your Personal Data. In particular, for transfers of your Personal Data within PayPal related companies, we rely on Binding Corporate Rules approved by competent Supervisory Authorities (
available here
). Other transfers may be based on contractual protections. Please contact us for more information about this.
If you make transactions with parties outside the EEA or Switzerland or connect our Service with platforms, such as social media, outside the EEA or Switzerland, we are required to transfer your Personal Data with those parties in order to provide the requested Service to you.
10. How this statement changes over time
We’ll make changes to this privacy statement from time to time. This helps us stay up to date with changes to our business and the most current laws. After a new version is published, we’ll collect, store, use, and protect your personal data as we outline in that revised statement.
If the new version reduces your rights or increases your responsibilities, we’ll post it on the
Policy Updates or Privacy Statement
page of our website at least 21 days before it becomes effective.
We may also notify you about these changes through email or other communications.
11. Children’s privacy
Our services are for a general audience and are not directed at individuals under the age of majority. We do not knowingly collect information from children and individuals who are not legally able to use our services. If we realize that information has been collected from a child, we will move to promptly delete it, unless we are legally required to keep this information. You can help us by informing us if you believe that we have unintentionally collected information from a child, please contact us.
12. Contact Us
If you wish to learn more about our privacy practices, exercise your rights, or have questions about this Privacy Statement, please contact us following the instructions below. You can exercise your rights whether you use PayPal services or Braintree services (card payments made on a merchant’s website) by visiting
PayPal’s website
, and submitting your inquiry using the contact information provided in our privacy statement.
Users have the right to lodge a complaint with the Supervisory Authority for data protection in their country, should they find that we did not appropriately address their question or concern.
Our Data Protection Officer can be reached at PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal L-2449, Luxembourg.
13. Additional Information
Banking Regulations Notice for Customers in the EEA
In general, the Luxembourg laws to which PayPal’s handling of user data is subject (data protection and bank secrecy) require a higher degree of transparency than most other EU laws. This is why, unlike the vast majority of providers of internet-based services or financial services in the EU, PayPal has listed in this Privacy Statement the third party service providers and business partners to whom we may disclose your data, together with the purpose of disclosure and type of information disclosed. You will find a link to those third parties
here
. By accepting this Privacy Statement and maintaining an account with PayPal, you expressly consent to the transfer of your data to those third parties for the purposes listed.
PayPal may update the list of third parties referred to above every quarter (January 1st, April 1st, July 1st and October 1st). PayPal will only start transferring any data to any of the new entities or for the new purposes or data types indicated in each update after 30 days from the date when that list is made public through this Privacy Statement. You should review the list each quarter on the PayPal website on the dates stated above. If you do not object to the new data disclosure, within 30 days after the publication of the updated list of third parties, you are deemed to have accepted the changes to the list and to this Privacy Statement. If you do not agree with the changes, you may close your account and stop using our services.
In order to provide the PayPal Services, certain of the information we collect (as set out in this Privacy Statement) may be required to be transferred to other PayPal related companies or other entities, including those referred to in this section in their capacity as payment providers, payment processors or account holders (or similar capacities). You acknowledge that according to their local legislation, such entities may be subject to laws, regulations, inquiries, investigations, or orders which may require the disclosure of information to the relevant authorities of the relevant country. Your use of the PayPal Services constitutes your consent to our transfer of such information to provide you the PayPal Services.
Specifically, you consent to and direct PayPal to do any and all of the following with your information:
a. Disclose necessary information to: the police and other law enforcement agencies; security forces; competent governmental, intergovernmental or supranational bodies; competent agencies, departments, regulatory authorities, self-regulatory authorities or organisations (including, without limitation, the Agencies referenced in the “Agencies” section of the Third Party Provider List here) and other third parties, including PayPal Group companies, that (i) we are legally compelled and permitted to comply with, including but without limitation the Luxembourg laws of 24 July 2015 on the US Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (“FATCA Law”) and 18 December 2015 on the OECD common reporting standard (“CRS Law”); (ii) we have reason to believe it is appropriate for us to cooperate with in investigations of fraud or other illegal activity or potential illegal activity, or (iii) to conduct investigations of violations of our User Agreement (including without limitation, your funding source or credit or debit card provider).
If you are covered by the FATCA or CRS Law, we are required to give you notice of the information about you that we may transfer to various authorities. Please read more about PayPal's obligations under the FATCA and CRS Law and how they could affect you as well as take note of the information we may disclose as result.
We and other organisations, including parties that accept PayPal, may also share, access and use (including from other countries) necessary information (including, without limitation the information recorded by fraud prevention agencies) to help us and them assess and to manage risk (including, without limitation, to prevent fraud, money laundering and terrorist financing). Please contact us if you want to receive further details of the relevant fraud prevention agencies. For more information on these Agencies, fraud prevention agencies and other third parties, click
here
.
b. Disclose Account Information to intellectual property right owners if under the applicable national law of an EU member state they have a claim against PayPal for an out-of-court information disclosure due to an infringement of their intellectual property rights for which PayPal Services have been used (for example, but without limitation, Sec. 19, para 2, sub-section 3 of the German Trademark Act or Sec. 101, para 2, sub-section 3 of the German Copyright Act).
c. Disclose necessary information in response to the requirements of the credit card associations or a civil or criminal legal process.
d. If you as a merchant use a third party to access or integrate PayPal, we may disclose to any such partner necessary information for the purpose of facilitating and maintaining such an arrangement (including, without limitation, the status of your PayPal integration, whether you have an active PayPal account and whether you may already be working with a different PayPal integration partner).
e. Disclose necessary information to the payment processors, auditors, customer services providers, credit reference and fraud agencies, financial products providers, commercial partners, marketing and public relations companies, operational services providers, group companies, agencies, marketplaces and other third parties listed
here
. The purpose of this disclosure is to allow us to provide PayPal Services to you. We also set out in the list of third parties, under each " Category", non-exclusive examples of the actual third parties (which may include their assigns and successors) to whom we currently disclose your Account Information or to whom we may consider disclosing your Account Information, together with the purpose of doing so, and the actual information we disclose (except as explicitly stated, these third parties are limited by law or by contract from using the information for secondary purposes beyond the purposes for which the information was shared).
f. Disclose necessary information to your agent or legal representative (such as the holder of a power of attorney that you grant, or a guardian appointed for you).
g. Disclose aggregated statistical data with our business partners or for public relations. For example, we may disclose that a specific percentage of our users live in Manchester. However, this aggregated information is not tied to personal information.
h. Share necessary Account Information with unaffiliated third parties (listed
here
) for their use for the following purposes:
Fraud Prevention and Risk Management: to help prevent fraud or assess and manage risk. For example, if you use the PayPal Services to buy or sell goods using eBay Inc, or its affiliates (“eBay”), we may share Account Information with eBay in order to help protect your accounts from fraudulent activity, alert you if we detect such fraudulent activity on your accounts, or evaluate credit risk.
As part of our fraud prevention and risk management efforts, we also may share necessary Account Information with eBay in cases where PayPal has placed a hold or other restriction on your account based on disputes, claims, chargebacks or other scenarios regarding the sale or purchase of goods. Also, as part of our fraud prevention and risk management efforts, we may share Account Information with eBay to enable them to operate their programmes for evaluating buyers or sellers.
Customer Service: for customer service purposes, including to help service your accounts or resolve disputes (e.g., billing or transactional).
Shipping: in connection with shipping and related services for purchases made using PayPal.
Legal Compliance: to help them comply with anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing verification requirements.
Service Providers: to enable service providers under contract with us to support our business operations, such as fraud prevention, bill collection, marketing, customer service and technology services. Our contracts dictate that these service providers only use your information in connection with the services they perform for us and not for their own benefit.
Sub-policy 1
https://www.privacyshield.gov/list:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;
Sub-policy 2
https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;