Model My Diet:
Women
Model My Diet:
Men
Model My Diet
Simulator
Share
App
2023
Goals
Love Note
♥
Ticker
History
Love Note
♥
More Tools...
Blog
Log in
Create Account
My Account
Edit Account
Log out
FAQ
http://www.reddit.com/help/faqs/loseit"
Basic Principles
        Simply put, we lose weight if we consume less energy than we use. Energy comes from the food and drink that we eat and is measured in calories (Cals, cals or kcals). Energy is burnt constantly by our bodies, the amount of energy burnt doing a particular activity varies by its intensity.
        Assuming that your weight is currently stable, your energy-in and energy-out are equal. To lose weight, this equation needs to be unbalanced, so energy-out is greater than energy-in. Naturally, we can achieve this in two ways. We can burn more energy, by doing exercise, or we can consume less energy, by eating fewer calories (note, this need not mean less food by weight or volume).
        For most people losing weight is roughly a 80:20 diet:exercise split, simply because it's a lot easier to deny yourself a ~300kcal slice of cake than walking 2-3 miles to burn it off. You can lose weight without any exercise whatsoever if you wish, but exercise in itself is very good for you either way.
        Be Realistic
        Besides the very basics, you have to be realistic and accept that, if you want to lose weight, you’re going to have to change a few things. Possibly the most important realization is that you need to make a lifestyle change. The majority of people need to change their diet, as opposed to go on a diet; reverting to old habits will see you reverting to old body-weights, too.
Why our programs get you fast results - safely.
Fad diets don't work. Often fad diets are referred to a yo-yo diets because your body weight goes
        up and down with each and every fad diet you try. You may take the weight off (sometimes with
        unpleasant side effects) but, you don't have the tools to keep it off for good so your weight
        goes back up. With Herbal Magic, you will lose weight quickly, safely (with no unpleasant side
        effects) and keep it off. Each Herbal Magic weight loss program combines real food, personal
        coaching, and natural health products. It is the combination of these important elements that
        gives you weight loss results, quickly and safely. There are three steps to help you lose weight
        and keep it off, for good:
        We'll give you the tools to achieve:
        Fast, healthy weight loss
        Keeping the weight off
        Your personal goals
        We will provide a customized weight loss solution that will provide fast, long-lasting results for you. Guaranteed!
        Related sites with real life stories:
http://imgur.com/a/4kKNf"
Makeover
You can quickly change your appearance with a new hair style or color. Try a different outfit and change your scenery.
      Makeover is short for make over, this is reinventing, recreating yourself.
      A makeover can make you feel better and help you accomplish your goals. Try some new makeup or wearing glasses.
      Loose some weight, change your appearance, gain confidence and you will succeed!
Getting and Staying motivated
Use the model to see what you will look like. This will help you get motivated and stay motivated. Being able to see yourself is key. By having a visual image of what you can achieve you can stay motivated, eat healthy, be happy!
Privacy Policy
This statement will tell you how we use your personal information on the Model My Diet Inc. Web sites (including www.modelmydiet.com and all sub-domains), and throughout the Model My Diet™ affiliate network.
                    We made this statement as broad and clear as possible.
                    Please review it to learn more about our practices.
This statement was last updated: September 5th, 2012
Users under 13 years of age should read our
Privacy policy for kids
.
This part applies to teens and adult users.
Who are we?
What personal information do we collect?
How do we use this information?
With whom might we share this information?
What choices are available to you?
What security controls are in place?
How to update your information?
How to reach us?
Back to top
Who are we?
Model My Diet Inc. (MMD) is the software company that brings you the Model My Diet™ services.
                    Founded in 2012, we are a Montreal-based Canadian company.
                    We offer our services free of charge to all users.
                    We may also create, use, or buy other technologies overtime.
MMD affiliates are owners of MMD-enabled Web sites that use the Model My Diet™ technologies to give you personalized services such as 3D modeling, size and fit suggestions, style advice, postcards, etc.
                    Please note that not all MMD services may be available at every affiliate's Web site.
                    All affiliates of the MMD network have their own privacy policies that you can review on their Web sites.
Back to top
What personal information do we collect?
Our registration forms and measurement forms ask for information about you and how you would like to use our services.
                    Specifically, we ask for your e-mail address, gender, age group, measurements, skin tone, hairstyle, and/or other physical features or preferences, which are used to tailor the services to your needs.
                    We will keep your information strictly confidential.
Back to top
How do we use this information?
Demographic data
We use information about your gender and age group to provide you with the service you are requesting from us.
                    We will also use this information to draw anonymous statistics.
Measurement and facial data
You can use MMD services on any MMD-enabled Web site set to process your request.
                    For example, if you want to use our service on a special size e-shopping site, you must provide specialsize measurements in order to use the service at this site.
                    You may always visit the site as an unregistered visitor, or without using the MMD services.
                    We will also use this information to draw anonymous statistics.
E-mail address
When you register for the first time, we may send a confirmation message to your mailbox.
                    You can choose to use this same address to subscribe to our newsletter or other services we may offer.
                    We may also use your e-mail address as an internal identifier.
                    This is sometimes useful for addressing an issue should you contact our help desk.
Statistics
Usage data gathering and anonymous statistical analysis are part of the data management practices necessary in order for us to offer you our services.
                    This data is not identifiable to any individual.
We gather statistical data on visits made to the various pages of our site.
                    We monitor how our servers perform to ensure that users can always enjoy visiting our site.
                    We also gather statistical data from the various MMD-enabled Web sites in order to charge our affiliates for the use of our software.
                    We do not share your personal information with the affiliates.
                    We send summaries of statistical data to each MMD affiliates on a regular basis in order to help them to manage their own sites.
                    We may also use these combined statistics for research purposes, and to develop better services for our users and affiliates in the future.
Data sharing
MMD services and links to our registration forms are available at various Web sites on the Internet.
                    When you first register for our services, we store your information on the MMD central servers.
This feature allows you to reuse your information at several Websites without revealing your personal information to the affiliate.
                    There is no direct data sharing between Model My Diet Inc. and any of our affiliates.
                    MMD affiliates cannot access your information unless you give us your consent.
By using this app you consent to us sharing some encrypted information we collect from you, such as your email, IP address and/or other device ID, with our partners, Acxiom Limited t/a LiveRamp, who will match your device ID using the other shared information to their on- and offline marketing databases and those of its advertising partners to create a link between your device and those other databases; this link shall be shared by our partners globally for the purpose of enabling interest-based content or advertising throughout your online experience (cross device, web, email and in app…) by third parties unaffiliated with our app who may in turn link further demographic or interest-based information to your device. Please click here to opt out of your data being used for this purpose. This link will direct you to our partner’s opt-out centre.
                    If you would like to opt-out
click here
Cookies
A cookie is a text file that a Web server sends to your browser for management purposes.
                    It can neither run programs, nor put a virus into your system.
Some MMD services use a temporary cookie in order to personalize your experience.
                    This type of cookie lets the server know that you have logged in.
                    Without it, the server would have to ask you repeatedly for your user login information.
                    If you choose to do so, you can also have our server send you a permanent cookie.
                    This type of cookie will allow you to automatically log into an MMD service on your next visit to any MMD-enabled Web site.
Postcard service
To use the postcard service, you must enter one or more recipients' e-mail addresses.
                    We will only use these addresses once to send the recipients an e-mail notice, so they can fetch your postcard on our Web server.
                    We will not keep their addresses.
If you send a postcard to many people at once, each person will get a separate notice.
                    This ensures that no one can see the others' addresses.
User correspondence
You can send e-mail messages to our help desk, send your comments, or contact us for business reasons through various e-mail forms.
                    We may ask for some personal information, such as your name and your e-mail address.
                    We will use it only to answer your request.
                    We will keep your e-mail address and message for our records.
We answer questions about fashion anonymously.
                    We publish selected user questions and answers on our Web site on a monthly basis.
                    We will neither contact you, nor keep your e-mail address.
                    We will strip your message of any personal information, and keep only the content for our records.
                    We may use the content of some messages in promotional copy.
Back to top
With whom might we share this information?
We will not share your personal information with our affiliates without your consent.
                    You might want to review each affiliate's privacy policies before using our services at their sites.
Occasionally, we may have to disclose or report someone's personal information, if regulators or other authorities require it.
Back to top
What choices are available to you?
We do not make secondary uses of your personal information other than those described in this statement.
                    We only use your information for providing you with our main services or improving these services through research studies that we may conduct now or in the future.
We offer our services while respecting your choices.
                    You can review your options on the www.modelmydiet.com Web site.
                    To cancel any service, simply access your user profile and either edit your choices, or delete your user profile altogether.
Deleting your Model My Diet™ user profile will have no effect on the customer accounts you may have created with any of our affiliates.
                    If you want to close a customer account at any affiliated Web site, please visit that site directly.
Back to top
What security controls are in place?
We use data scrambling to send data over the Internet.
                    We have also put in place methods to protect the information we collect and use in our company.
                    We have chosen a first-class partner to host our Web site and central servers, which uses industry-leading security standards.
Please, keep your password secret, so others do not access your user profile.
Back to top
How to update your information?
You can review, edit, or delete your personal information and options by accessing your user profile on the www.modelmydiet.com Web site.
Back to top
Privacy policy for kids
This part applies to users under 13 years of age.
Kid's profile
MMD-enabled Web sites
Statistics
User correspondence
Kid's profile
We offer our services free of charge to all users.
                    If you are a kid, you can use these services without giving out any personal information such as your name or e-mail address.
MMD-enabled Web sites
MMD affiliates are owners of MMD-enabled Web sites that use the Model My Diet™ technologies to give you personalized services such as 3D modeling, size and fit suggestions, style advice, postcards, etc.
                    Please note that not all MMD services may be available at every affiliate's Web site.
                    All affiliates have their own privacy policy for kids, which you should review with your parents.
If an affiliate offers you to open a customer account, remember that you are now dealing with this affiliate only, and not with Model My Diet™
Statistics
Your user profile is unidentified.
                    No one has access to your data.
                    We give only summaries of statistics, or totals, to our affiliates.
                    This helps them to manage their own sites.
User correspondence
You can send a message to our help desk, or send your comments through various e-mail forms.
                    We may ask for your e-mail address.
                    We will use it only to answer your request.
                    We will not keep your address.
                    We will strip your message of any personal information, and keep the content for our records.
                    We may use the content of some messages in promotional copy.
Back to top
How to reach us?
If you want to send us your comments, questions, or suggestions about this policy, please write to:
Privacy Custodian:
privacy@modelmydiet.com
You can reach us at:
Privacy Custodian
Model My Diet Inc.
Suite One
115 East Pender St.
Vancouver, BC V6A 1T6
Canada
Back to top
The MODEL MY DIET™ name is a trademark owned by Model My Diet Inc.
This site requires cookies
The funcitonality of this site requires cookies
Accept all