Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Effective June 28, 2018
Our Privacy Promise (“Short Version”)
At Diocesan we value your privacy. That is why we promise to never sell or share your contact information with anyone outside our company. For more than 60 years your data has been safe with us and we are committed to keeping it that way.
Want to be removed from our databases? Just drop us a note at
info@diocesan.com
and we will remove you from all of our outbound marketing and contacts lists.
As the leading provider of communication solutions for the Catholic Church, you may be enrolled as a member of myParish App, Camino, Evangleus, or other of our products through your parish or diocese. If you wish your data to be removed from those systems, please contact your parish or diocese or use the provided opt-out and unsubscribe features made available in those systems.
DioTrin, LLC Privacy Policy
Table of Contents
:
1. INTRODUCTION
2. COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
3. USE AND DISCLOSURE
4. SECURITY
5. USER ACCESS AND CONTROL
6. OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION
7. CONTACT US
Privacy Policy
:
1. INTRODUCTION
DioTrin, LLC (“
DioTrin
” or “
we
”) wants you to be familiar with how we collect, use and disclose information from and about you. This Privacy Policy describes our practices in connection with information collected through services such as websites, mobile sites, applications including without limitation the MyParishApp application (“
apps
”), and widgets (collectively, the “
DioTrin Services
”). By clicking “I Agree” or otherwise using DioTrin Services, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.
DioTrin, LLC is owned by the following printing and publishing companies:
Diocesan Publications, Inc. (FL)
Diocesan Publications, Inc. (OH)
Diocesan Publications, Ltd. (PA)
Polack Printing, Inc. (MI)
Trinity National Corp. (TX)
Collectively, these companies, DioTrin, and their respective parent, subsidiary and affiliate entities are referred to in this Privacy Policy as the “
DioTrin Affiliates
”.
As set forth in our Terms of Use, the DioTrin Services are predominantly for a general audience, are not targeted to children, and do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age.
This Privacy Policy applies to all users, including both those who use the DioTrin Services without being registered with or subscribing to a DioTrin Service and those who have registered with or subscribed to a DioTrin Service. This Privacy Policy applies to DioTrin’s collection and use of your personal information (i.e., information that identifies a specific person, such as full name or email address). It also describes generally DioTrin’s practices for handling non-personal information (for example, interests, demographics and services usage).
2. COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
DioTrin and our service providers collect the following information from and about you:
“
Registration Information
” is the information you submit to register for a DioTrin Service, for example, to create an account, post comments, receive a newsletter, or enter a contest or sweepstakes. Registration Information may include, for example, name, email address, gender, zip code and birthday.
“
Public Information and Posts
” consist of comments or content that you post to the DioTrin Services and the information about you that accompanies those posts or content, which may include information such as a name, user name, comments, likes, status, profile information and picture. Public Information and Posts are always public, which means they are available to everyone and may be displayed in search results on external search engines.
Information from Social Media
. If you access or log-in to a DioTrin Service through a social media service or connect a DioTrin Service to a social media service, the information we collect may also include your user ID and/or user name associated with that social media service, any information or content you have permitted the social media service to share with us, such as your profile picture, email address or friends lists, and any information you have made public in connection with that social media service. When you access the DioTrin Services through social media services or when you connect a DioTrin Service to social media services, you are authorizing DioTrin to collect, store, and use such information and content in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Activity Information
. When you access and interact with the DioTrin Services, we may collect certain information about those visits. For example, in order to permit your connection to the DioTrin Services, our servers receive and record information about your computer, device, and browser, including potentially your IP address, browser type, and other software or hardware information. If you access the DioTrin Services from a mobile or other device, we may collect a unique device identifier assigned to that device, geolocation data, or other transactional information for that device.
Cookies and other tracking technologies (such as browser cookies, pixels, beacons, and Adobe Flash technology including cookies) are comprised of small bits of data that often include a de-identified or anonymous unique identifier. Websites, apps and other services send this data to your browser when you first request a web page and then store the data on your computer so the website can access information when you make subsequent requests for pages from that service. These technologies may also be used to collect and store information about your usage of the DioTrin Services, such as pages you have visited, content you have viewed, search queries you have run and advertisements you have seen.
Third parties that support the DioTrin Services by serving advertisements or providing services, such as allowing you to share content or tracking aggregate DioTrin Services usage statistics, may also use these technologies to collect similar information. DioTrin does not control these third-party technologies and their use is governed by the privacy policies of third parties using such technologies. [For more information about third-party advertising networks and similar entities that use these technologies, see www.aboutads.info/consumers, and to opt-out of such ad networks’ and services’ advertising practices, go to www.aboutads.info/choices.]
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies, but you can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated, or to block cookies altogether. Please consult the “Help” section of your browser for more information. Users can manage the use of Flash technologies, with the Flash management tools available at Adobe’s website, seehttp://www.adobe.com/products/flashplayer/security/privacy_policy/faq.html. Please note that by blocking any or all cookies you may not have access to certain features, content or personalization available through the DioTrin Services.
Information from Other Sources
. We may supplement the information we collect with information from other sources, such as publicly available information from social media services, commercially available sources and information from our DioTrin Affiliates or business partners.
3. USE AND DISCLOSURE
We use the information we collect from and about you to provide the DioTrin Services and features to you, including: to measure and improve those DioTrin Services and features; to improve your experience with both online and off-line DioTrin Services by delivering content you will find relevant and interesting, including advertising and marketing messages; to allow you to comment on content, and participate in online games, contests, or rewards programs; to provide you with customer support and to respond to inquiries. When the information collected from or about you does not identify you as a specific person, we may use that information for any purpose or share it with third parties.
We use the information we collect from and about you for these additional purposes:
To allow service providers to assist us in providing and managing the DioTrin Services
. DioTrin may make your information available to certain third party service providers, such as contractors, agents or sponsors, who help us manage or provide the DioTrin Services.
To allow social sharing functionality
. If you log in with or connect a social media service account with DioTrin Services, we may share your user name, picture, and likes, as well as your activities and comments with other DioTrin Services users and with your friends associated with your social media service. We may also share the same information with the social media service provider. By logging in with or connecting your DioTrin Services account with a social media service, you are authorizing us to share information we collect from and about you with the social media service provider, other users and your friends and you understand that the social media service’s use of the shared information will be governed by the social media service’s privacy policy. If you do not want your personal information shared in this way, please do not connect your social media service account with your DioTrin Services account and do not participate in social sharing on DioTrin Services.
To provide co-branded services and features
. We may offer co-branded services or features, such as contests, sweepstakes or other promotions together with a third party (“Co-Branded Services”). These Co-Branded Services may be hosted on DioTrin Services or on the third party’s service. By virtue of these relationships, we may share the information you submit in connection with the Co-Branded Service with the third party. The third party’s use of your information will be governed by the third party’s privacy policy.
To deliver relevant advertisements
. DioTrin and our service providers may use the information we collect from and about you to deliver relevant ads to you when you use the DioTrin Services or another service. As noted above, third-party advertising networks and advertisers may use cookies and similar technologies to collect and track information such as demographic information, inferred interests, aggregated information, and activity to assist them in delivering advertising that is more relevant to your interests. In order to deliver advertising from local providers, we may collect geolocation data from your device. If you would like to disable this collection, you should turn off “Location Services” or any similar service in the settings of your device. Please note that if you do turn off “Location Services” we may be unable to provide local information and advertisements to you. [To find out more about third-party advertising networks and similar entities that use these technologies, see www.aboutads.info, and to opt-out of such advertising networks’ and services’ advertising practices, go to www.aboutads.info/choices.]
To contact you
. DioTrin may periodically send promotional materials or notifications related to the DioTrin Services. If you want to stop receiving promotional materials, you can follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email. There are certain service notification emails that you may not opt-out of, such as notifications of changes to the DioTrin Services or policies. If you have installed a mobile app and you wish to stop receiving push notifications, you can change the settings either on your mobile device or through the app.
To share with your Parish or Diocese
. DioTrin may share your information with the administrator of your Parish or your Diocese and they may use that information to communicate with you or in furtherance of their operations or their internal record keeping.
To share with our DioTrin Affiliates
. DioTrin may share your information with DioTrin Affiliates for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. Users who visit DioTrin Affiliates’ services should still refer to their separate privacy policies, which may differ in some respects from this Privacy Policy.
To share with business partners
. DioTrin may share your information with business partners to permit them to send you marketing communications consistent with your choices.
To protect the rights of DioTrin and others
. There may be instances when DioTrin may disclose your information, including situations where DioTrin has a good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary in order to: (i) protect, enforce, or defend the legal rights, privacy, safety, or property of DioTrin, our DioTrin Affiliates or their employees, agents and contractors (including enforcement of our agreements and our terms of use); (ii) protect the safety, privacy, and security of users of the DioTrin Services or members of the public; (iii) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes; (iv) comply with the law or legal process; or (v) respond to requests from public and government authorities.
To complete a merger or sale of assets
. If the owners of DioTrin, LLC sell all or part of their ownership in DioTrin or otherwise make a sale or transfer of its assets, or DioTrin is otherwise involved in a merger or transfer of all or a material part of its business, the sellers may transfer your information to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction.
4. SECURITY
DioTrin uses commercially reasonable administrative, technical, personnel and physical measures to safeguard information in its possession against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure or modification. However, no one can guarantee the complete safety of your information.
5. USER ACCESS AND CONTROL
If you would like to access, review, correct, update, suppress, or otherwise limit our use of your personal information you have previously provided directly to us, you may contact us at info@myparishapp.com. In your request, please (i) include your email address, name, address, telephone number, and the DioTrin Service to which you provided the information and (ii) specify clearly what information you would like to access, change, update, or suppress. We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable.
You may request that we not share your personal information on a going-forward basis with DioTrin Affiliates or unaffiliated third parties for their direct marketing purposes by sending an email to info@myparishapp.com with “DioTrin Services: Disclosure Opt-out” in the subject line and your full name, email address and postal address in the body of the email.
6. OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION
Updates to Privacy Policy
. DioTrin may modify this Privacy Policy. Please look at the Effective Date at the top of this Privacy Policy to see when this Privacy Policy was last revised. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the DioTrin Services. However, after you click “I Agree” to this Privacy Policy, the Company will not modify this Privacy Policy with respect to you in a manner that we reasonably determine materially modifies your rights or obligations under this Privacy Policy without providing prominent notice of the modification on the apps or asking you again to review and demonstrate your consent to the modified terms.
Location of Data
. The DioTrin Services are hosted in and managed from the United States. If you are a user located outside the United States, you understand and consent to having any personal information processed in the United States. United States data protection and other relevant laws may not be the same as those in your jurisdiction. This includes the use of cookies and other tracking technologies as described above. As a result, please read this Privacy Policy with care.
Linked Services
. The DioTrin Services may also be linked to sites operated by unaffiliated companies, and may carry advertisements or offer content, functionality, games, newsletters, contests or sweepstakes, or applications developed and maintained by unaffiliated companies. DioTrin is not responsible for the privacy practices of unaffiliated companies and once you leave the DioTrin Services or click an advertisement you should check the applicable privacy policy of the other service.
Collection of Personal Financial Information by a Payment Service
. In some cases, we may use an unaffiliated payment service to allow you to purchase a product or make payments (“
Payment Service
”). If you wish to purchase a product or make a payment using a Payment Service, you will be directed to a Payment Service webpage. Any information that you provide to a Payment Service will be subject to the applicable Payment Service’s privacy policy, rather than this Privacy Policy. We have no control over, and are not responsible for, any Payment Service’s use of information collected through any Payment Service.
Data Retention
. We will retain your information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by law.
Remember that even after you cancel your account, copies of some information from your account may remain viewable in some circumstances where, for example, you have shared information with social media or other services. Because of the nature of caching technology, your account may not be instantly inaccessible to others. We may also retain backup information related to your account on our servers for some time after cancelation for fraud detection or to comply with applicable law or our internal security policies. It is not always possible to completely remove or delete all of your information due to technical constraints, contractual, financial or legal requirements.
If you have questions about how we use your data or would like to request that we delete your data to the extent feasible, please contact us at
info@myparishapp.com
. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to respond within thirty (30) days.
Sensitive Information
. We ask that you not send us, and you not disclose, any sensitive personal information (such as social security numbers, information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, health, criminal background or trade union membership) on or through the DioTrin Services or otherwise.
Disputes
. This Privacy Policy will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Texas, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. Any disputes relating to or arising from this Privacy Policy shall be resolved by arbitration in accordance with the arbitration provisions of our Terms of Use, which are incorporate herein by reference and available here: [insert URL for Terms of Use]. You and we agree that any dispute resolution proceedings will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in a class, consolidated or representative action. If for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration we each waive any right to a jury trial and agree to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of courts located in Travis County, Texas. We also both agree that you or we may bring suit in court to enjoin infringement or other misuse of intellectual property rights.
7. CONTACT US
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Email: info@myparishapp.com
Mail: Legal Department/Privacy Policy
DioTrin, LLC
500 S. Lake Destiny Road
Orlando, Florida 32810
Contact Us
+1 (800) 997-8805
To get the app for your Parish -
Click here
For Help with the myParish App -
Click here