Updated: April 24, 2024
Introduction
Auxbrain, Inc. takes the privacy of our players very seriously. We make an effort to only collect the data we
need
to operate our games and our business. This document explains clearly how we collect, store and share information (if any) that we collect in our games ("Egg, Inc.", "Zombie Highway 2") or through customer service provided for our games. Should you have any questions about your data please feel free to contact us at support@auxbrain.com.
If you are under the age of 18 please read the section on 'Children' below.
Acceptance of Terms
By using our games and the services they provide, you accept the policies laid out in this document. Additionally, you acknowledge and consent that we will collect, process, store, and share data and explained in this document. If you do not consent you can simply not play our games or use our services. Much of the data collection and processing we do can be disabled in the settings for our apps, but some data collection is necessary to prevent fraud and ensure proper operation of our apps.
Updates
We are constantly adding features and auditing our Privacy Practices. As such this document is likely to change over time. By continuing to play our game and use our services your acceptance of these updates is implied.
What or Who is Auxbrain, Inc.?
Auxbrain, Inc. ("Auxbrain", "we", "us", or "our") is a game developer and corporation located in Los Angeles, California.
Our customer service team is versed in your data privacy rights, and are supported by a data privacy manager should you have any concerns or wish to carry out any actions on your data. Contact us at:
Email: support@auxbrain.com
Phone: (424) 210-7140 (customer support only available via e-mail)
Mail: 15332 Antioch St #427 Pacific Palisades, CA 90272
What Data Do We Collect? And Why?
Information You Provide
Auxbrain collects minimal information you provide. To access some features you will be asked to give yourself or a team you are playing on a name and we collect that information. If you request customer service, any information you send to us will be logged in our customer support system.
Information We Collect Automatically
The majority of the information we collect is automatic and based on your usage of our apps and services. This namely consists of:
Your game data for backup / restore, customer service, and for certain features to function.
Analytics, information about what you do in the game, to help use improve the game
Information about what you purchase in the game for business purposes, and fraud prevention
Device information and identifiers. We collect this information to attribute installs driven by ads shown in our games, to track the performance of our ads used to acquire new users, and to attribute actions of those acquired users to ad campaigns.
Information From Third Parties
Auxbrain collects personal identifiers such as your username and player ID from Game Center or Google Play Games ("Game Services") you have authorized us to use on your device. We do this to enable features in the game based on your unique gamer identity, such as save game backup and recovery, team play, customer service, and more.
Information We DON'T Collect
Auxbrain, Inc
DOES NOT collect information on your location
DOES NOT collect or store your email (except if you contact customer service via email), phone number, address, or any other sensitive personal information
DOES NOT collect information about your age, gender, ethnicity, sexual orientation, or any heath related information
DOES NOT collect your real name (unless it is the same as your username for the above-mentioned Game Services. But we do not know if it is your real name)
DOES NOT collect biometric information
DOES NOT collect internet, search, network activity information
DOES NOT collect sensor data, camera, audio, temperature, etc
DOES NOT collect Professional or education status
How Do We Collect & Store Data?
The data we collect comes from our games and our customer service operations.
It is transmitted over the web, (encrypted via HTTPS), and then stored in world-class managed data-centers located in the United States.
If your data being transmitted to or through the United States is not allowed in your territory, DO NOT use our app or services.
While your use of the app give us consent to collect and process the data, you may WITHDRAW consent at any time in the SETTINGS portions of our app for specific features. If this level of control is not adequate you MUST stop using our services.
What Data Do We Have About You?
Please see the section on what data we collect if you are curious about the kind of data we have on you. If you want to know
explicitly
what information we have on you personally please contact us at support@auxbrain.com
What Power Do I Have Over My Data?
Depending on where you live, you have a range of power over your data, but at Auxbrain, Inc. we currently extend the most common powers to
everyone
.
Right To Access
You have the right to see any data we have on you. We present some of this information in the app, but should you wish to know more, contact support@auxbrain.com
Right To Data Mobility
You have the right to move your data to another service, however the data Auxbrain has is not usable on any other service as it is unique and proprietary to Auxbrain games and services.
Right To Be Forgotten
At any point should you want us and our partners to "forget" you, simply go into one of our games SETTINGS and choose to delete all remote data and disable Ads. Note that this action cannot be undone! Contact support@auxbrain.com for more guidance on how to do this.
Right To Not Have Your Data Sold
Auxbrain does not sell data we collect. While some of our partners will not sell your data, some maintain that right, and while that data is minimal, should you wish to limit its sale you can disable Advertisements OR tap "DO NOT SELL MY DATA" in SETTINGS (currently only supported by Egg, Inc. as Zombie Highway 2 does not sell data) OR simply DO NOT use our games or services to ensure no data of yours is sold. As our partners update their privacy policies we are always pushing to disable the sale of your data. Should you have a question for one of our partners see their information below in Third Parties.
Third Parties
Auxbrain works with a few carefully selected vendors to provide services for its players and operate its business. We DO share information with them as is required to carry out their function. This consists of unique device identifiers, device information, and usage information. As the controller of your data, we carry out your right to be forgotten, and right to not have your data sold automatically, but not all of them support programmatic control over these rights. Should you wish to learn more please contact support@auxbrain.com or contact our partners directly. NOTE: While Auxbrain may extend data privacy rights to all players, our partners are not bound by this requirement and should you not posses the rights of a GDPR customer or CCPA customer they may deny your request.
Vungle/Liftoff (Advertisements) privacy@vungle.com
Unity Ads (Advertisements) privacy@unity3d.com
Facebook (Advertisements) privacy@facebook.com
Google/Admob (Advertisements) https://support.google.com/admob/gethelp
Fyber/Digital Turbine (Advertisements) privacy@fyber.com
IronSource (Advertisements) privacy@ironsource.com
Bid Machine (Advertisements) privacy@bidmachine.com
InMobi (Advertisements) privacy@inmobi.com
AppLovin (Advertisements) privacy@applovin.com
One Signal (Push Notifications) privacy@onesignal.com
Adjust (Advertising Attribution) privacy@adjust.com
Children
If you are under the age of 18, you must obtain your parent’s permission to play our games while online, or use any of our services. If you are under the age of 16 in Europe or under 13 elsewhere, you are not permitted to use any of our Online Services, or play any of our games while online. All of our games are not designed for children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly market to or collect, use or disclose information from children. If Auxbrain learns that we have inadvertently gathered personal information from children under such age, Auxbrain will take reasonable measures to promptly erase such personal information from our records. If you are a parent who wishes to have your child's accidentally collected information deleted, please contact support@auxbrain.com or simply delete it from the SETTINGS section of the application.
Data Retention
Auxbrain retains data indefinitely unless you request it to be deleted (see section on your data rights). We do not guarantee we will maintain indefinite records as we may purge our backups and analytics from time to time without notice.
Security
Auxbrain only uses world-class data centers with matching technical security and ensure our partners do the same. Our organization limits access to information we collect to an extremely limited and trained subset of employees who require access to that information to cary out their job function.
Contact
Should you have any questions about this privacy policy, or request to exercise any of your data privacy rights please contact us at support@auxbrain.com