FUJIFILM AUSTRALIA AND YOUR RIGHT TO PRIVACY
FUJIFILM Australia’s Commitment to your Right to Privacy
FUJIFILM Australia Pty Ltd ("
FUJIFILM Australia
", “
we
”, “
our
” or “
us
”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal information. FUJIFILM Australia has created this Privacy Policy in order to demonstrate its firm commitment to the protection of your privacy and to the requirements of the Australian Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (as amended) (“
the Act
”) and Australia’s Australian Privacy Principles (“
APPs
”).
References to “
personal information
” in this Policy means information or an opinion that identifies you or from which you are reasonably identifiable whether true or not, or in a material form or not. Personal information we collect may include your name, address, telephone number, payment details, communications with us or our partners, email address and photographs and images that are provided to us as well as information on the products and services you purchase from us.
FUJIFILM Australia is bound by and complies with the Act and the APPs.
1. How we collect your Personal Information
2. Purposes for Collecting, Holding, Using or Disclosing Personal Information
3. Electing Not to Receive Additional Information on Products and Services
4. Provision of Personal Information to Contractors, Related Companies and Business Partners
5. Disclosure of Personal Information Overseas
6. Cookies
7. Consent to Use of Personal Information
8. Websites of Third Parties
9. How we Hold Personal Information and the Security of Personal Information
10. Privacy Complaints and Further Information
11. Access to and Correction of Personal Information about You
12. Our Contact Details
1. How we collect your Personal Information
We may collect personal information about you including when you purchase our products and services, contact us regarding our products and services, register a product warranty, enter into one of our trade promotions, visit our websites and provide us with your personal information, register to receive our newsletters or other communications, or otherwise interact with us, including where you are a business contact or otherwise associated with one of our business partners, suppliers or customers. We will collect your personal information directly from you when we can. We may also collect your personal information from third parties.
2. Purposes for Collecting, Holding, Using or Disclosing Personal Information
FUJIFILM Australia collects the personal information it requires and holds, uses or discloses that personal information for the following purposes:-
•    Selling, promoting and providing products and services requested by you.
•    Registering and handling of product warranties.
•    Responding to communications from you.
•    Providing you with information that you request (by post, telephone or email).
•    To help us improve our products and services.
•    Registering you in programmes that you wish to join.
•    Engaging with you as a business contact in respect of your role with one of our business partners, suppliers or customers.
•    When you engage with third party suppliers on our site, such as review platforms, payment plan service providers and payment card processors.
•    Sending you additional information on our products and services which we think may be of interest to you.
•    Sending you information on products and services of our select business partners which we think may be of interest to you.
If you do not wish to provide FUJIFILM Australia with personal information, we will be unable to properly provide you with the products, services, information and/or warranty that you require.
3. Electing Not to Receive Additional Information on Products and Services
If you do not wish to receive additional information on our products and services or on the products and services of our select business partners you can request us not to send that additional information to you by contacting us as detailed below.
If you supply us with your personal information via a website owned and operated by FUJIFILM Australia, you may utilise a function on that website to “opt out” from receiving that additional information at the time you supply us with your personal information via that website.
When that additional information is sent to you by email, you can utilise a function linked to that email to “opt out” from receiving further additional information.
FUJIFILM Australia will honour and respect any request made by you in any of the ways outlined above to cease receiving that additional information.
4. Provision of Personal Information to Contractors, Related Companies and Business Partners
It is sometimes necessary for us to pass on some of your personal information and your requested delivery information to other organisations which are contracted by us (or our related companies) to assist in providing some products and services.  We require these organisations to have compliant privacy procedures in place and to only use your personal information to assist us in providing those products and services and for no other purpose.
FUJIFILM Australia discloses personal information to its related companies.  If any of that personal information is not de-personalised before it is provided to them, those related companies will be required by us to abide by any express choices that you may have made regarding the use of your personal information.
FUJIFILM Australia may also share personal information with business partners for whom FUJIFILM Australia operates a web-page or business partners who operate co-branded web-pages in conjunction with FUJIFILM Australia.  The use of any personal information provided by you:
•    when you visit a web-page that is operated by FUJIFILM Australia for one of its business partners;
•    when you visit a co-branded web-page that is operated in conjunction with FUJIFILM Australia,
will be governed by the privacy policy that will be accessible from that web-page and which you may view before you provide or authorise the provision of that personal information.    It is your own choice whether or not you decide to disclose any personal information to FUJIFILM Australia's business partners.
FUJIFILM Australia may also, from time to time, select and send you information on the products and services of our business partners which we think may be of interest to you (unless you have already opted out).  Each time such information is sent to you, you will have the opportunity to opt out.  If at any time you do not wish to receive that information, you should take the opportunity at that time to opt out from receiving or continuing to receive that information.
Except in the circumstances described above, we will not disclose or share any personal information with our business partners unless we request and/or you give us your specific permission to do so. FUJIFILM Australia may, however, develop general reports incorporating some personal information in a de-personalised format for use by our business partners.
When you engage with third party providers on our site, the collection and use of the personal information may also be governed by the privacy policy provided to you by the third-party provider.  It is your own choice whether or not you decide to disclose any personal information to these third-party providers.
5. Disclosure of Personal Information Overseas
FUJIFILM Australia may disclose personal information to its related companies including its related companies located in Singapore, Japan and the United States.
In the course of providing our services, FUJIFILM Australia or its related companies may also disclose your personal information to its service providers located overseas. The countries in which these third parties are located include the United Kingdom, United States and India.
6. Cookies
FUJIFILM Australia may collect identifiable information from visits to our websites to help us provide better customer service through the use of various technologies, including "cookies". A cookie is a piece of data that a website can send to your browser which may then be stored on your computer as a tag that identifies your computer and /or the computer user. Such technologies enable FUJIFILM Australia to measure and analyse, for example, visitor activity on the website, visits to web pages and the domains from which people visit. This information assists FUJIFILM Australia in understanding trends and patterns and helps to serve you better when you return to the website or when a new product or service becomes available. You can set your browser to notify you before you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. You can also set your browser to turn off cookies. If you turn off cookies, there may be some features and pages of FUJIFILM Australia's site that will not display properly to you.
7. Consent to Use of Personal Information
Provided FUJIFILM Australia complies with the requirements set out in this Policy, the provision by you of personal information to FUJIFILM Australia amounts to consent to the use of that personal information for the purpose for which it was provided and for any of the purposes set out in this Policy. Other than described above, FUJIFILM Australia will not use, sell or disclose your personal information without your consent.
8. Websites of Third Parties
Where a FUJIFILM Australia website contains links to or from other websites (which are not operated by FUJIFILM Australia or are not FUJIFILM Australia co-branded web-pages), we will not be responsible for the privacy practices of the operators of those other websites (“
third party sites
”).  You should check the privacy practices of those third party sites. Links to and from a FUJIFILM Australia website to any of those third party sites does not amount to an endorsement by FUJIFILM Australia of any of those other websites or their content.
9. How we Hold Personal Information and the Security of Personal Information
We hold your personal information in a combination of hard copy and electronic files.
FUJIFILM Australia holds all personal information securely.  Except for the provision of personal information to contractors and business partners for the purposes referred to in the paragraphs above, access is restricted to the FUJIFILM Australia employees who need the personal information for a designated purpose.  Additional security measures including secure locked areas, a high level of commercially available encryption for financial transactions on line and secure disposal procedures have been implemented.
10. Privacy Complaints and Further Information
If you wish to make a complaint about a breach of the APPs or any privacy code which may bind us, have a concern about your privacy or you have any query on how your personal information is collected or used, please contact us using the details below. We will respond to your query or complaint within a reasonable time. If you are dissatisfied with the response that you receive from us, you may make a complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC).
11. Access to and Correction of Personal Information about You
You have a right to access your personal information which FUJIFILM Australia collects and holds about you.
If you wish to see your personal information, change or update your details please contact us using the details below.
Our Contact Details
You may contact us using the following details:
The Privacy Officer
FUJIFILM Australia Pty Ltd
Level 2, 54 Waterloo Road,
Macquarie Park NSW 2113 (Postal address: PO Box 63, North Ryde BC, NSW 1670)
Telephone:
02 9466 2600
Email:
FFAU.privacy@fujifilm.com
View Credit Reporting Policy
Updated 1 September, 2023