Terms of Use
(Last update 05/31/2019)
Please read these Terms of Use ("Terms", "Terms of Use") carefully before using the World of Dinosaurs mobile application (the "Service") operated by  ("us", "we", or "our").
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned upon your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who wish to access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you do not have permission to access the Service.
Purchases
If you wish to purchase any product or service made available through the Service ("Purchase"), you may be asked to supply certain information relevant to your Purchase including, without limitation, your credit card number, the expiration date of your credit card, your billing address, and your shipping information.
You represent and warrant that: (i) you have the legal
right to use any credit card(s) or other payment method(s) in connection with any Purchase; and that (ii) the information you supply is true, correct and complete.
Availability, Errors and Inaccuracies
We are constantly updating product and service offerings on the Service. We may experience delays in updating information on the Service and in our advertising on other web sites or apps. The information found on the Service may contain errors or inaccuracies and may not be complete or current. Products or services may be mispriced, described inaccurately, or unavailable on the Service and we cannot guarantee the accuracy or completeness of any information found on the Service.
We therefore reserve the right to change or update information and to correct errors, inaccuracies, or omissions at any time without prior notice.
Subscriptions
Some parts of the Service, such as our In-App Purchase titled 'DIRECTORY', are billed on a subscription basis ("Subscription(s)"). Subscriptions are offered with a 2-week free trial ("Trial Period") and thereafter billed for $15.99 USD ("Subscription Rate") per year ("Subscription Period"). Prices will vary by country. Subscriptions give you access to lear about more than 950 dinosaurs A to Z. Content will be modified or updated at our discretion. Payment will be charged to your iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase. Subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period. Your account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current Subscription Period and will be billed at the Subscription Rate. Your Subscriptions may be managed and auto-renewal may be turned off by going to your Account Settings after purchase (navigate to the following page within iOS Settings: iTunes & App Stores > Tap on Apple ID > View Apple ID > Subscriptions).
Fee Changes
World of Dinosaurs, in its sole discretion and at any time, may modify the Subscription fees for the Subscriptions. Any Subscription fee change will become effective at the end of the then-current Subscription Period.
You will be provided a reasonable prior notice of any change in Subscription fees to give you an opportunity to terminate your Subscription before such change becomes effective.
Your continued use of the Service after the Subscription fee change comes into effect constitutes your agreement to pay the modified Subscription fee amount.
Refunds
Except when required by law, paid Subscription fees are non-refundable.
Intellectual Property
The Service and its original content, features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of WORLD OF DINOSAURS and its licensors. The Service is protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both the United States and foreign countries. Our trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service without the prior written consent of WORLD OF DINOSAURS.
Links To Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to third party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by WORLD OF DINOSAURS.
WORLD OF DINOSAURS has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. We do not warrant the offerings of any of these entities/individuals or their websites.
You acknowledge and agree that WORLD OF DINOSAURS shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such third party web sites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third party web sites or services that you visit.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless WORLD OF DINOSAURS and its licensee and licensors, and their employees, contractors, agents, officers and directors, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees), resulting from or arising out of a) your use and access of the Service, by you or any person using your account and password, or b) a breach of these Terms.
Limitation Of Liability
In no event shall WORLD OF DINOSAURS, nor its directors, employees, partners, agents, suppliers, or affiliates, be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages, including without limitation, loss of profits, data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses, resulting from (i) your access to or use of or inability to access or use the Service; (ii) any conduct or content of any third party on the Service; (iii) any content obtained from the Service; and (iv) unauthorized access, use or alteration of your transmissions or content, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence) or any other legal theory, whether or not we have been informed of the possibility of such damage, and even if a remedy set forth herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose.
Disclaimer
Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis. The Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance.
WORLD OF DINOSAURS its subsidiaries, affiliates, and its licensors do not warrant that a) the Service will function uninterrupted, secure or available at any particular time or location; b) any errors or defects will be corrected; c) the Service is free of viruses or other harmful components; or d) the results of using the Service will meet your requirements.
Exclusions
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, so the limitations above may not apply to you.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. By continuing to access or use our Service after any revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, you are no longer authorized to use the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please
contact us
.