find my tent – Privacy Policy
“We”, Redkoala Solutions Ltd, a company registered in England and Wales, are the developers of find my tent app (hereafter referred to as “the App”) as found exclusively on Apple’s App Store®. We are also the data controller as defined by the General Data Protection Regulation.
This Privacy Policy takes effect on 28 March 2019 and applies to anyone who uses our App.
In this version of our Privacy Policy, we describe what information we collect from you, how we use it, on what basis we collect it and the rights you have to control how we use it.
If you choose to use the App then you agree to the collection and use of information as described in this policy. Any information that we collect is used for providing, improving and supporting the App. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT AND WHY?
Information You Provide
We collect no personal information about the user(s) of the App.
Device Information
We collect anonymised information about the devices on which you use our App; the hardware model, operating systems and version, and App software version. This information is necessary for us to diagnose bugs and improve the App.
Log and Usage Information
Each time you interact with our App, we collect anonymised information about when the App was invoked, the country in which it was invoked, the features used, any App crashes and other system activity. We use this information to improve our App in multiple ways. For example, using App crash data, we can proactively fix bugs that haven’t been reported to us and prevent future crashes for other users, and by knowing what is used most often, we can focus our efforts on improving the App in specific areas.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION, SUMMARISED
In summary, we use the information we collect to:
Provide and improve our App;
Identify abnormal issues with the operation of the App;
Improve the design, functionality and/or content of the App;
Disclose to lawful authorities if required to do so by law, or when appropriate, in our opinion, to respond to their request.
We work hard to improve the App and add functionality, which we think will make it safer, more fun and more useful for our users.
We regularly review the way we use data, and will update our Privacy Policy to reflect these improvements to the App.
WHAT OTHER COMPANIES RECEIVE YOUR INFORMATION?
To the extent we share information with other companies, we do so to enhance your experience with the App, and we minimize the data we send to them.
Map Partners
Maps built into the App are provided by the Apple MapKit framework. Where your current location is displayed as a pulsing Green dot on a built-in map, this is provided by Apple who are reflecting where your device is located in the world.
Analytics Partner
We use Google Analytics for Firebase to understand what you’ve tapped or clicked on in the App and when, and we make feature improvements based on this information. They receive information showing only that someone has tapped or used certain features in the App.
Crash/Error Reporting Partner
We use Apple’s crash reporting (if enabled by the user on the device) to be notified of infrequent App crashes so we can fix those proactively.
WHAT’S OUR LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING YOUR INFORMATION?
We’ll only process information where we have a legal basis for doing so. Our legal basis to process your information includes processing that is necessary for our legitimate interests, which are:
to research, develop, fix and provide new and tailored features for our App users;
necessary to comply with relevant legal requirements (for example, to comply with applicable regulatory obligations and to make mandatory disclosures to law enforcement);
WHAT ARE YOUR RIGHTS IN RELATION TO PERSONAL DATA WE HOLD ABOUT YOU?
You have a legal right under the GDPR to request access to a copy of the personal information about you held by us.
However, given that the App does not ask for nor captures personal information, we really have nothing to provide. The App does not send us your current location. All this information is held locally and securely on the device.
Deleting the App will delete all device held user data. Doing this will also stop any future App Analytics from being captured if the App is no longer available to be invoked.
Offloading the App will remove the App from the device but will not delete any device held data.
Should you wish to contact us about data privacy, contact us at contact@redkoalasolutions.com using the subject line “FAO: Data Protection Officer” with details of your enquiry.
WHAT COUNTRIES WILL INFORMATION BE SENT TO?
Normal use of the App may result in certain information (as identified above) being sent to and stored on secure servers located in the United Kingdom, other European Economic Area countries and in the United States. Information may be transferred by us to the third parties mentioned in the circumstances described above, which may be situated outside the European Economic Area (for instance in the United States).
DO YOU COLLECT CHILDREN’S INFORMATION?
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s internet use and to help enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing their children never to provide personal information without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided personal information to us, please contact us as specified below, and we will work to delete that information from our databases.
HOW WILL YOU KNOW ABOUT CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY?
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. Any changes and additions to this Privacy Policy will be posted in the App and on our website, and are effective from the date on which they are posted. Please review this Privacy Policy from time to time to check whether we have made any changes to the way in which we use any personal data.
WHAT IF YOU HAVE A COMPLAINT?
We work hard to handle your information responsibly. If you’re unhappy about the way we do this, please contact our Data Protection Officer by email to contact@redkoalasolutions.com and we will endeavour to resolve any concerns you may have.
However, you also have the right to lodge a complaint about the data processing activities carried out by Redkoala Solutions Ltd with our lead supervisory authority, the UK Information Commissioner’s Office.
HOW TO GET IN TOUCH WITH US
Please submit any questions, concerns or comments you have about this Privacy Policy or any requests concerning your personal data by email to our Data Protection Officer using the subject line “FAO: Data Protection Officer” at contact@redkoalasolutions.com.