HOME
Handling of personal information
Personal Information Protection Guidelines
We recognize the importance of personal information and declare that we will implement the following measures.
Our company complies with laws and regulations applicable to personal information, establishes internal regulations regarding the management of personal information, and ensures that our employees (including executives, general employees, part-time workers, temporary workers, etc.) and Other related parties We will thoroughly disseminate, implement, maintain, and continually improve.
When acquiring personal information, the Company will disclose or individually notify the purpose of use and then acquire personal information to the extent necessary for the purpose of use.
Our company has an information manager in each department that handles personal information, keeps personal information accurate and up-to-date, and takes measures to prevent unauthorized access, loss, destruction, falsification and leakage of personal information. I will teach.
We will use personal information within the scope of the purpose of use announced or notified at the time of acquisition, manage it in an appropriate manner, and, except in the following cases, disclose personal information to third parties without the consent of the person in question. We do not disclose or provide personal information.
(1) When consent is obtained from the individual concerned
(2) When outsourcing a part of the work that handles personal information to a third party for the execution of our business.
(3) When presenting necessary information to a financial institution for payment procedures.
(4) When there are special circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.
When we jointly use personal information with a third party or entrust personal information to a third party to outsource work, we will investigate the third party and conclude the necessary contract. and take Other legally required measures.
The Company confirms that the person of personal information has the right to disclose, correct, suspend use, or erase his or her own personal information. We will promptly respond without objection, unless there are special circumstances specified in the above.
We will strictly manage the personal information entrusted to us by the consignor and use it within the scope of the contract with the consignor.
Purpose of use of personal information
Your personal information will be used for the products, services and recruitment activities we handle, as listed below.
However, if each department of our company notifies or publicly announces to customers the individual purposes of use that will be limited, we will comply with those purposes of use.
Delivery and provision of applicable products and services
To conduct sales activities and provide related after-sales services
Providing information and materials related to products, services, and events
Requests for surveys regarding improvements to products and services
Campaign lottery and delivery of prizes if you win
Billing-related operations and various statistical processing
Providing information and materials related to recruitment activities
Products and services handled by our company
Tips and cutting tools made of special steel, cemented carbide, etc.
Inquiry regarding the handling of personal information
Inquiry form
: https://moldino.com/contact/
Update history is here
Inquiry
Weekdays 10:00-16:00
*Technical Inquiry
Various Inquiry
Inquiry form
E-mail magazine registration
sign up