Data Protection
1. Controlling agency
Controlling agency:
WetterOnline Meteorologische Dienstleistungen GmbH
Karl-Legien-Straße 194a
D-53117 Bonn
Germany
E-mail:
info@weatherandradar.co.uk
Phone: +49 228 55937-998
Fax: +49 228 55937-80
2. Purpose
The WetterOnline Meteorological Services GmbH takes the protection of your personal data very seriously. We would therefore like to inform you whether and which of your data we collect, process and use. Our commitment to this is based on the Telecommunications Digital Services Data Protection Act (TDDDG) and the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). The privacy policy for the use of our app (Weather & Radar app) is listed below.
3. Personal data
Personal data are any data that contain information about personal or factual circumstances of a specific or identifiable customer. This includes, for example, your name, home address, gender, date of birth, age, telephone number, email address, or IP address. This list is not exhaustive and is only intended to illustrate what can be considered personal data.
4. Which of your data do we collect, process or use?
4.1 Collection and use of location data
In our apps, you have the ability to retrieve weather information for your location. To do this, location services must be enabled on your mobile operating system. Once they are enabled and you launch one of the aforementioned apps for the first time, the app will ask you to allow access to your location information. When you confirm, the app is granted access to your location information. You can revoke the app's access to your location at any time in the settings of your mobile device. If you allow the app access to your location data, your mobile device will transmit your location within the cell you are in to us. If your mobile device has a GPS receiver, that location data will also be transmitted to us. The location data is rounded to 0.01°, so we do not gain knowledge of your exact location.
4.2 Paid version
The purchase of the respective Pro version allows you to use our apps free of ads. In the event of the purchase of a Pro version, we will only store a device-specific ID and the date of purchase.
4.3 In-App-Purchases
An in-app purchase allows you to use our apps free of ads. In the event of an in-app purchase, we will only store a device-specific ID, the date of purchase and the expiry date.
5. Which of your data is collected, processed or used by third parties
5.1 Usage-based online advertising
In the following, we wish to inform you about the data collected, processed and used by our advertising partners:
5.1.1 Data collection in our apps
In our free apps, advertising is displayed.  Within the scope of these ads, personal data are collected or used. During the advertising delivery, we and our advertising partners use IP address, anonymous device identifiers (Advertising-ID), and device information (operating system or version, device ID, and language) in order to be able to place relevant advertisements for you.
5.1.2 Who our advertising partners are and how you can object to data collection for usage-based online advertising by our advertising partners
The following advertising partners are responsible for data collection for the delivery of usage-based online advertising:
Show list of advertising partners
Hide list of advertising partners
Hide list of advertising partners
Google Advertising Products
: Tappx
152 Media LLC
1plusx AG
33Across
6Sense Insights
A.Mob
Aarki Inc
Active Agent (Virtual Minds GmbH)
AcuityAds Inc.
adbility media GmbH
AdDefend GmbH
Adelaide Metrics Inc
AdElement Media Solutions Pvt Ltd
Adex (Virtual Minds GmbH)
Adform A/S
AdGear Technologies Inc.
Adikteev
ADITION (Virtual Minds GmbH)
Adjust Digital A/S
Adkernel LLC
Adludio Ltd.
ADMAN - Phaistos Networks S.A.
ADman Interactive SLU
Admatic GMBH
Admixer EU GmbH
Adnami Aps
Adnuntius AS
Adobe Advertising Cloud
Adobe Audience Manager
adrule mobile GmbH
adsquare GmbH
AdsWizz Inc.
AdTheorent Inc
AdTiming Technology Company Limited
Adtriba GmbH
advanced store GmbH
AdView
adWMG
Adxperience SAS
ADYOULIKE SA
Opinary (Affinity Global GmbH)
Affle Iberia SL
AlgoriX Technology Pte. Ltd.
Amazon Ad Server
Amazon Advertising
Ampliffy
Anteriad
Antvoice
Appier PTE Ltd
Appush Technologies
Arago
Arcspire Limited
Arpeely Ltd.
ArtChaos s.r.o.
Ask Locala
AudienceProject A/S
Audiencerate LTD
Audigent
Avantis Video Ltd
Axel Springer Teaser Ad GmbH
bam! interactive marketing GmbH
Basis Global Technologies Inc.
BCOVERY SAS
BeeswaxIO Corporation
Belboon GmbH
Better Ads GmbH
Between Exchange
BidMachine Inc.
BIDSWITCH GmbH
Bidtellect Inc
BidTheatre AB
Blis Global Limited
Bluesea Holdings Hong Kong Limited
Boldwin LTD
Bombora Inc.
Digital Brain Nordic AB
Brave People Ltd.
Bucksense Inc
C Wire AG
Celtra Inc.
CHEQ AI TECHNOLOGIES
Clickagy LLC
Cloud Technologies S.A.
Cluep Inc.
Comcast International France SAS/FreeWheel Media Inc.
Commanders Act
communicationAds GmbH & Co. KG
Comscore B.V.
Confiant Inc.
ConnectAd Demand GmbH
Crimtan Holdings Limited
Criteo SA
Dataseat Ltd
dataXtrade GmbH
DeepIntent Inc.
DEFINE MEDIA GMBH
Delta Projects AB
Demandbase Inc.
Digital East GmbH
digitalAudience B.V.
DoubleVerify Inc.​
Dynamic 1001 GmbH
EASYmedia GmbH
eBay Inc
Edge226 Ltd
Effiliation / Effinity
EliteAppgrade
Emerse Sverige AB
emetriq GmbH
Epom Ltd.
Epsilon
Equativ
Eskimi
Eulerian Technologies
Evolution Technologies Inc.
Exactag GmbH
Exit Bee Limited
Experian LTD
Exponential Interactive Inc d/b/a VDX.tv
Eyeota Pte Ltd
Factor Eleven GmbH
FeedAd GmbH
Flashtalking
Gamoshi Ltd
GeoEdge
GfK GmbH
glomex GmbH
Go.pl sp. z o.o.
GroupM UK Limited
GumGum Inc.
Happydemics
HUMAN
Hurra Communications GmbH
Hybrid Adtech GmbH
Hybrid Theory Global Ltd
ID5 Technology Ltd
Impactify SARL
Improve Digital
Index Exchange Inc.
Infolinks Media LLC
InMobi Pte Ltd
Inskin Media LTD
Integral Ad Science (incorporating ADmantX)
INVIBES GROUP
IPONWEB GmbH
iPROM
IQM CORPORATION
ividence
Jaduda GmbH
Jampp LTD
Justpremium BV
Justtag Sp. z o.o.
Kargo Global Inc.
Kayzen
Knorex
Liftoff Monetize and Vungle Exchange
LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company
LiquidM Technology GmbH
LiveIntent Inc.
Liveramp
Localsensor B.V.
LoopMe Limited
Lotame Solutions Inc
Lucid Holdings LLC
Luna Media Group LLC
Magnite CTV Inc.
Magnite Inc.
Magnite Inc. (Carbon AI Limited)
MainAdv SRL
MARKETPERF CORP
Mars Media Group
MEDIA FORCE COMMUNICATIONS (2007) LTD
Media.net Advertising FZ-LLC
Media-Micro-Census GmbH
Memob Plus FZ LLC
Meta
MGID Inc.
Microsoft Advertising
Mintegral International Limited
MiQ Digital Ltd
Mobfox US LLC
Mobkoi Ltd
Mobsuccess
Moloco Inc.
Monet Engine Inc
N.Rich Technologies Inc.
Nativo Inc.
Neustar Inc. a TransUnion company
NextRoll Inc.
Nexxen Group LLC
Nexxen Inc.
Nielsen International SA
Nielsen Media Research Ltd.
NoBid
Offerista Group GmbH
Ogury Ltd
One Tech Group GmbH
OneTag Limited
Onfocus (Adagio)
Online Media Solutions LTD
Online Solution
OpenX
Opera Software Ireland Limited
Opti Digital SAS
optimise-it GmbH
Oracle Advertising
Oracle Data Cloud - Moat
ORANGE CLICK MEDIA & COMMERCE LTD
Otto (GmbH & Co KG)
Outbrain UK Ltd
Pelmorex Corp.
Permodo GmbH
Permutive Limited
Petal Ads
Pixalate Inc.
PIXIMEDIA
Platform161 B.V.
PLAYGROUND XYZ EMEA LTD
Playhill Limited
Polar Mobile Group Inc.
POWERENGINE PTE.LIMITED
PREQUEL INTERNET TRADING LTD.
Project Agora Ltd
PROXISTORE
Publicis Media GmbH
PubMatic Inc
PubWise LLLP
Pure Local Media GmbH
Quality Media Network GmbH
Quantcast
QuantumCast digital GmbH
R2B2 a.s.
Rakuten Marketing LLC
RATEGAIN ADARA INC
Readpeak Oy
Relay42 Netherlands B.V.
Relevant Digital Oy
Remerge GmbH
Reppublika Data Analytics and Technologies GmbH
Reset Digital Europe Ltd
RevJet
RevX
Rich Audience Technologies SLU
Rockerbox Inc
Roku Advertising Services
Roq.ad GmbH
RTB House S.A.
Samsung Ads
Seeding Alliance GmbH
Seedtag Advertising S.L
SelectMedia International LTD
Semasio GmbH
Seven Technologies S.L.
ShareThis
Sharethrough Inc
Showheroes SE
ShowHeroes SRL
Sift Media Inc
Simplifi Holdings LLC
Smaato Inc.
SMADEX S.L.U.
smartclip Europe GmbH
Smartology Limited
SMARTSTREAM.TV GmbH
SmartyAds Inc.
socoto gmbh & co. kg
SoD ScreenOnDemand GmbH
Sonobi Inc
Sovrn Inc.
Spoods GmbH
Sportradar AG
Sqreem Technologies Private Limited
StackAdapt Inc.
Start.io Inc
Stream Eye OOD
Ströer Media Solutions GmbH
Ströer SSP GmbH (SSP)
Sublime
TabMo SAS
Taboola Europe Limited
TAPTAP Digital SL
TargetVideo GmbH
Teads France SAS
The Kantar Group Limited
The MediaGrid Inc.
The Reach Group GmbH
The UK Trade Desk Ltd
TOPON PTE. LTD.
travel audience GmbH
Triapodi Ltd. d/b/a Digital Turbine
Triple Lift Inc.
TrueData Solutions Inc.
TStack Inc
Turk Telekom
twiago GmbH
TypeA Holdings Ltd
uppr GmbH
Verve Group Europe GmbH
VIADS ADVERTISING S.L.
Vidazoo Ltd
video intelligence AG
Vidoomy Media SL
vitrado GmbH
VLYBY Digital GmbH
WebGains GmbH
Weborama
Welect GmbH
Xandr Inc.
Xapads Media Ltd
Yahoo EMEA Limited
Yieldlab (Virtual Minds GmbH)
Yieldlove GmbH
Yieldmo Inc.
YOC AG
Zemanta Inc.
zeotap GmbH
Zeta Global Corp.
The processing of personal data (IP address, cookies, device identifiers) is based on your consent (in accordance with Article 6(1)(a) GDPR) or, where applicable, on the legal basis of a legitimate interest (Article 6(1)(f) GDPR).
WetterOnline participates in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with its specifications and guidelines. WetterOnline uses the platform to manage consents with the identification number 6.
You can adjust or revoke personalised advertising and the associated data collection and processing through the privacy settings.
5.2 Collection, processing and use of data with Google Analytics
To analyse user behaviour, this app uses Google Analytics, the analysing services of Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA („Google”).
The information about the use (type and version of your device, the operating system, the site visited, date and time of your visit, the screen resolution as well as the IP address used) is transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. We wish to point out that we anonymise the IP address prior to transmission. It is only in exceptional cases that a full IP address is transmitted to a Google server in the US and abridged there. On our behalf, Google uses the information transmitted to assess your use of our app, to compile reports about the activities and to render further services in connection with the use. Google may also transmit information to third parties, if required by law or if third parties process the information on behalf of Google. By no means will Google link your IP address with other Google data.
Moreover, we use the advertising functions of Google Analytics. By means of these functions, it is possible to anonymously  collect and process your socio-demographic data using the device-specific advertising ID.
By using our app, you agree to the processing of your data collected by Google and the processing of the data for the purposes described above. To prohibit collection and use of data by Google Analytics in this app, please object to it by disabling the option “Send anonymous usage data“ at the bottom of this data protection statement.
5.3 Collection, processing and use of data with Firebase Analytics
To analyse user behaviour and to integrate Firebase Cloud-Messaging-Services, our app uses the services of Firebase Analytics.
The Firebase-SDK (Software Development Kit) collects information about the app version, the type of device, the version of the operating system, the point of time of the installation of the app as well as the user‘s age,  gender and groups of interest. Furthermore, by means of further activities, Firebase SDK collects information during use of the app. The event-driven data collection of Firebase-SDKs is triggered by activities such as installation and start of the app, updates, re-installation, update of the operating system, deletion of app data, app crashes, and in-app purchases as well as the receipt, the swipe and the opening of push-messages and the opening and updating of the app by means of a dynamic link. For each of these events the number of visits, the number of users triggering the event and, if available, the value of the events is collected. To identify the devices, Firebase-SDK uses the device-specific advertising ID.
By using our app, you agree to the processing of your data collected by Firebase and the collection of data for the purposes as described above. To prohibit the collection and use of data by Firebase Analytics in this app, please object to it by disabling the option “Send anonymous usage data “at the bottom of this data protection statement.
5.4 Collection, processing and use of data with Facebook-SDKs
In this app, we integrate so-called Facebook-SDKs. This software allows a follow-up of the type of advertising campaign in Facebook that prompted users to download our app. To this end, we transmit to Facebook the device-specific advertising ID, the app version and the information that the app was started or cancelled.
You can object to the transfer of the above data to Facebook in this app by deactivating the option “Send anonymous usage data “at the bottom of this data privacy statement.
5.5 Collection, processing and use of data using AppsFlyer
Our application uses the service of AppsFlyer, an analysis service provided by AppsFlyer Inc. (111 New Montgomery St, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA). In order to improve the content and usability of our apps and our advertising efforts, session, interaction, and marketing data will be collected from you. This data is always collected anonymously and only evaluated on an anonymous basis. Depending on the campaign, the data is also anonymously shared with connected advertising networks. The data is only used to measure the success of marketing campaigns and to improve them. For more information on the use and collection of data by AppsFlyer, please see the following link:
https://www.appsflyer.com/privacy-policy/
. AppsFlyer is
certified
according to the EU-US Privacy Shield agreement and thus guarantees compliance with European data protection laws.
The legal basis for the use is Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR.
By using our app, you agree to the processing of your data by AppsFlyer and the collection of data for the purposes as described above. To prohibit the collection and use of data by AppsFlyer in this app, please object to it by disabling the option "Send anonymous usage data" at the bottom of the data protection statement.
5.6 Collection, processing, and use of data when using Batch
Our application uses the service of Batch for sending push messages. The provider is IMEDIAPP SA (batch.com), 43 rue Beaubourg, 75003 Paris, France.
The processing of personal data is based on your consent (Art.6 para.1 lit. a GDPR) to send push messages or on our legitimate interests (Art.6 para.1 lit. f GDPR) in optimising our push messages. Batch receives the following from us for sending push messages
a pseudonymised user ID,
your IP address,
a push token,
the status about the decision whether you want to receive notifications,
browser and operating system information,
geo-based information, and
information about the version of Batch used, messages sent, and usage behaviour.
Batch accesses the browser's LocalStorage. At the same time, we use tools from Batch to record the use of the various functions of the app to provide you with a targeted offer via push notifications.
We have concluded a Data Processing Agreement (DPA) with Batch, in which we oblige Batch to protect our customers' data and not to pass it on to third parties, and to comply with the requirements of the DSGVO.
You can find more information on data processing by Batch at
https://batch.com/privacy-policy
.
5.7 Collection, processing, and usage of data when using Contentful
Parts of the contents of our apps are provided through the Contentful Content Delivery Network (CDN) of Contentful GmbH (Ritterstr. 12-14, 10969 Berlin). Accessing these contents establishes a connection to servers of Contentful GmbH. The use of the Contentful CDN is based on our legitimate interests under Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. Your IP address and information about the used browser will only be processed by the Contentful CDN for the aforementioned purposes and to maintain functionality and security. The storage duration of the processed data and further information can be found in the privacy policy of Contentful GmbH at
https://www.contentful.com/legal/privacy-at-contentful/privacy-notice/
.
5.8 Collection, processing, and use of data during on demand media and live stream playback
The app provides streaming content via the partners Akamai Technologies GmbH (Parkring 20 - 22, D-85748 Garching, Germany) and THEO Technologies NV (1B Kolonel Begaultlaan, 3rd floor Leuven 3012, Belgium). When a page is called up on which playback devices for streams are offered, information about your browser and your IP address, with which you visit our page, is transmitted to the servers of the above-mentioned providers.
The use of the Akamai CDN and THEO Technologies NV streaming service is based on our legitimate interests according to Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR. For more information, you can refer to the privacy policies of Akamai Technologies GmbH at
https://www.akamai.com/de/de/privacy-policies/
and THEO Technologies NV at
https://www.theoplayer.com/terms
.
5.9 Collection, processing, and usage of data when using Purple DS
Parts of the contents of our apps are provided through the Digital Publishing Software Purple by sprylab technologies GmbH (Keithstr. 2-4, 10787 Berlin). Accessing these contents establishes a connection to servers of sprylab technologies GmbH. The use of the Digital Publishing Software Purple is based on our legitimate interests under Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. Your IP address and information about the used browser will only be processed by the Digital Publishing Software Purple for the aforementioned purposes and to maintain functionality and security. The storage duration of the processed data and further information can be found in the privacy policy of sprylab technologies GmbH under
https://www.purplepublish.com/en/dataprivacy
.
5.10 Collection, processing and use of data when using third-party embeddings
We will only show you embedded third-party content after your explicit consent. Your selection will then be stored permanently (no longer than 12 months) as a cookie called "embed_consent" on your device. The consent can be revoked at any time
here
. You can learn more about the data protection notices of the individual third-party providers at the link provided.
6. Rights of the data subject
The data subject shall have the following rights:
Right of access (Art. 15 GDPR)
Right to rectification (Art. 16 GDPR)
Right to object (Art. 21 GDPR)
Right to erasure (Art. 17 GDPR)
Right to restriction of processing (Art. 18f. GDPR)
Right to data portability (Art. 20 GDPR)
For requests of this kind, please contact
datenschutz@wetteronline.de
. Please note that for such requests, we must ensure that it is actually the affected person.
Every data subject shall have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. You can either consult the appropriate data protection authority for your location, or the data protection authority responsible for us (Landesbeauftragte für Datenschutz und Informationsfreiheit Nordrhein-Westfalen,Postfach 20 04 44, 40102 Düsseldorf).
7. Regular updating of this data protection notice
The legal framework concerning us as service provider is characteristically subject to changes and amendments. These changes and amendments require the occasional updating of these data privacy notes. We will therefore inform you of possible alterations.
8. Contact us
Should you wish to contact us, you can reach us via our
contact form
or by messaging:
WetterOnline Meteorologische Dienstleistungen GmbH
Karl-Legien-Straße 194a
D-53117 Bonn
Germany
E-mail:
info@weatherandradar.co.uk
Phone: +49 228 55937-998
Fax: +49 228 55937-80
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.appsflyer.com/privacy-policy/:
Platform
Measure
Measurement suite
Measure every action on mobile, web and CTV
ROI measurement
Understand your true mobile marketing ROI
Creative Optimization
Unlock creative performance with the power of AI
Analyze
Marketing analytics
Turn insights on campaign performance into action
Incrementality
Prove the real value of your marketing campaigns
Engage
CX & deep linking
Boost revenue with exceptional customer experience
Audience segmentation
Create meaningful conversations with your customers
Protect
Fraud protection
Protect your marketing budget from mobile ad fraud
Collaborate
Privacy Cloud
Collaborate with your partners in a privacy-centric way
AppsFlyer Data Collaboration Platform
First-party data monetization that fuels retail media growth
Partner marketplace
Connect to over 10,000 tech and media partners
Interactive product tours
iOS 14+ solutions
Data feeds & APIs
Solutions
Team
Marketing
Product
Data & Analytics
R&D
Goal
Regain iOS visibility
Kickstart app growth
Scale user acquisition
Increase engagement & LTV
Maximize ROAS
Industry
Gaming
Shopping
Finance
Food & drink
Health & fitness
Travel
Platform
iOS
Android
PC & console
CTV & OTT
Web
Mobile
Web3
Partnerships
Tech and media partners
Agency partners
Partner Program
Interactive product tours
Customer stories
The AppsFlyer difference
Learn
Resources
Stay informed with industry insights, the latest trends, original content, and all things AppsFlyer
Ecosystem
Blog
Reports & guides
Events & webinars
Tools & templates
Industry benchmarks
Videos
Podcasts
Glossary
Metrics comparison
Customers
Customer stories
Product news
Use cases
Help center
Developer Hub
AppsFlyer Learning
Come to MAMA
Company
Who we are
Find out more about our history, our team, what we stand for, and why we do what we do
About us
Newsroom
CEO blog spot
Trust hub
Careers
Social impact
Contact
From our CEO
The future of our ecosystem and web
On privacy and user experience
Aggregated advanced privacy
Pricing
Login
Sign up free
Contact sales
Legal hub
MSA
Site Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
DPA
Opt Out
Processing Customer Data
Supplier Portal
Subprocessors
Modern Slavery Statement
Documentation
MSA
Site Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
DPA
Opt Out
Processing Customer Data
Supplier Portal
Subprocessors
Modern Slavery Statement
Website Privacy Policy
Last updated May 28, 2024
This Privacy Policy applies to: (i) use of the AppsFlyer owned and operated Websites (appsflyer.com, onelink.me and their subdomains); (ii) our marketing activities including, registrations as part of webinars, conference events, emails etc.; and (iii) any other product or activity that links to, or otherwise references, this privacy policy (collectively, the “Marketing Platforms“). We respect your privacy rights and value your trust. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, receive, use, store, share, transfer, and process your personal information, as well as your rights in determining what we do with the information that we collect or hold about you.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected through use by customers of the AppsFlyer service, which is described under our
Services Privacy Policy
.
Information We Collect
When using or interacting with our Marketing Platforms, we may collect or receive the following types of information (collectively, “Information”).
“Personal Information” such as name, email, contact details or any other personal content that you provide to us whether through a form or field on our website or any other communication (e.g. email, phone, post etc.).
“Technical Information” such as browser type, operating system, device type, IP address and other similar technical information typically received from a browser or device automatically when visiting or interacting with our Marketing Platforms. This may include the referring URL that led you to our website.
“Usage Information” such as the pages you visited on our website, where you clicked, searches performed on our website and other similar information related to how you have used our website. It may also include information related to whether you receive, opened or clicked on any links in an email sent to you.
We understand that certain Technical information or Usage Information may, either alone or when combined with other data, be deemed personal data under various laws and jurisdictions and we are committed to treating such data in compliance with applicable laws.
The Methods We Use to Collect and Receive Information
Depending on the type of Information, we may collect or receive Information in the following ways:
When you voluntarily share Information with us. For example, when you register to one of our events, request that we contact you through our online forms, submit your CV, or when you request to receive certain content that we may make available (e.g. research and white papers).
Through use of cookies and other similar technologies (e.g. HTML5 Local Storage, LSO, web beacons, JavaScript, etc.). These technologies help us to analyze how our Marketing Platforms are used and to tailor content that is relevant to you. It also helps us to deliver more relevant advertisements to you on our own or third party sites. For more information on such technologies, including how to manage your cookie preferences please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Information obtained from third party sources. This includes Information received through the various business support tools and services that we use (e.g. marketing platforms, analytics services etc.) and public sources such as social media sites. We may combine the Information received through these sources with other Information we have in order to ensure our records are up to date and so that we are able to provide you with relevant content.
You have choices in how we collect and use Information. See the “
Your Choices
” section below for more information.
The Purposes
We use Information for the following purposes:
To process your inquiries and to respond to your requests. For example, when you contact us to learn more about our products or services or when you request to receive certain materials from us (e.g. white papers, research papers, product and services information). Additionally, if you submit your CV to us, we use it to evaluate your candidacy (including by assessing your qualifications and skills).
To send you information related to our services and products that we believe may interest you, such as newsletters or product and service updates. Such communications will be sent to you when you have chosen to receive such communication or when we have a legitimate interest to market our products and services. In any event, you will always be able to opt-out of receiving such communications. Opting out may be done either directly in the communication received or through the ways described in the instructions in the “
Your Choices
” section below.
To understand how you have used our Marketing Platforms and to customize them in accordance with your interests and past actions and choices. We do this based on our legitimate interest to operate our Marketing Platforms, diagnose any problems with the Marketing Platforms and to improve the Marketing Platforms and your experience when navigating through them.
In our legitimate interest to prevent fraud or harm to us or to any third party, and ensure the security of our network and services.
Where it is necessary for AppsFlyer to comply with its legal obligations and to exercise and enforce its legal rights.
We may use certain third-party marketing and advertising networks to help us market our products on our own website and on third party websites (e.g. remarketing ads across the Internet by Google).
Who We Share Information With
In order to conduct our business and operate our Marketing Platforms, we may share Information with various third parties, such as:
Our subsidiary companies and global branches.
Third parties that help us operate our Marketing Platforms (e.g. hosting company, recruitment platforms and agencies, payment processors, business management and email distribution service providers and other similar service providers). These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
When required by law, such as to comply with court orders, search warrants, regulatory orders, subpoenas, and other lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements;
Legal authorities, consultants, advisors or service providers when required to investigate, respond to, or prevent, fraud; or when required to ensure the security of our network and services and protect the safety of AppsFlyer or the public.
As part of any merger or acquisition of AppsFlyer, Information may be transferred to the merging or acquiring company, as well as to any advisors representing a party during discussions of such merger or acquisition.
AppsFlyer resellers, agents, partners or service providers acting on our behalf in connection with the offering of AppsFlyer’s products or services.
Third-party marketing and advertising networks to help us market our products on our own website and on third party websites (e.g. remarketing ads across the Internet by Google).
Without derogating from the foregoing, AppsFlyer may publish general aggregate and unidentifiable information (e.g. statistical information) relating to use of its Marketing Platforms.
Cross Border Data Transfers and Mechanisms
We may need to transfer Information to countries where we and/or our service providers operate. Such countries may be different from the country in which the data originated and where data protection laws may not be equivalent to, or offer the same protection as, those in your country. By using our Marketing Platforms, you agree to any such transfers. In any event, where appropriate given the nature of services, we will put in place agreements with our service providers to ensure a level of privacy consistent with the terms of this policy.
With regards to the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Economic Area to the United States, please be assured that AppsFlyer continues to comply with all applicable laws in respect of such transfers and any data transfers to the United States will be governed by the Standard Contractual Clauses as set forth in our DPA with the relevant service provider.
AppsFlyer Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. AppsFlyer Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, as well as to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view AppsFlyer’s certification, please visit
Data Privacy Framework website
.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over AppsFlyer Inc.’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, and in case of onward transfer of data to third parties, AppsFlyer maintains liability.
In compliance with the DPF Principles, AppsFlyer is committed to resolving any complaints arising regarding our processing of your personal data. You may direct your queries to privacy@appsflyer.com and, in compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, we are committed to referring unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the DPF to Truste, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://trustarc.com/dispute-resolution/
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of Truste are provided at no cost to you and allow for binding arbitration.
Protecting Your Information
We strive to meet the highest standards of security measures across our business units. We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational measures based on industry-leading standards. Such measures are designed to protect against unauthorized access or unlawful processing of Personal Information and against accidental loss, destruction or damage of Personal Information. As part of such measures, we have established various policies and procedures that guide us, including in respect of asset management, access management, physical security, people security, product security, cloud and network infrastructure security, third-party security, vulnerability management, security monitoring, and incident response.
Information Storage and Retention
We may store Information on our own servers as well as those operated by third party data hosting providers. As specified in Section 5 above (Cross Border Transfers), such servers may be located worldwide. We will only retain your Personal Information for as long as necessary to pursue the purpose of the collection. We may also retain your Personal Information for such time needed to pursue our legitimate business interests, in connection with any legal claims and compliance with legal obligations. When we use your information for direct marketing purposes, we will retain your data until you opt-out from receiving the marketing materials; provided that we will need to retain certain information to maintain a record of your request.
Modifications to This Policy
AppsFlyer may amend this Privacy Policy at any time, provided that in the event of a material change we shall provide notice on this page and/or a note near the link to this page. The updates shall apply immediately for new Information collected or provided as of the day of the update and following thirty (30) days for any Information collected or provided to AppsFlyer prior to the update date. If you do not agree to the terms of the new policy you are requested to contact the Legal Department using the contact details listed in Section 11 below. We encourage you to periodically review this page for any updates.
Your Choices
We provide you with various choices on how we may use Information in connection with: (i) our marketing activities; and (ii) our use of cookies and similar technologies to serve your interest-based advertisements and to analyze usage of our Marketing Platforms.
You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails, accessing the email preferences in your account settings page, or you can contact us at
https://www.appsflyer.com/company/contact/
. You can manage your preferences related to our use of cookies and similar technologies that we use, among other things, to provide you with targeted interest-based advertisements and to analyze your use of our Marketing Platforms – please see our
Cookie Policy
for instructions. Additionally, certain advertisers (including Google) we work with may be members of NAI and/or the Digital Advertising Alliance. You may opt-out from such advertisers’ services here or at the following link:
https://youradchoices.com/
In addition, the laws of some jurisdictions may provide you with various rights in connection with our processing of certain Information. Such rights may include:
The right to withdraw any previously provided consent;
The right to access certain information about you that we process;
The right to have us correct or update any Personal Information;
The right to have certain Information erased;
The right to have us temporarily block our processing of certain Information;
The right to have Information exported into common machine-readable format;
The right to object to our processing of Information in cases of direct marketing, or when we rely on legitimate interests as our lawful basis to process your information; and
The right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate data protection authority.
We will respond to your requests within a reasonable timeframe. Please note these rights may be limited in certain circumstances as provided by applicable law. For any additional information regarding such rights or to exercise any such rights please contact AppsFlyer at: privacy@appsflyer.com
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
Social Media and Third Party Services
Our website may offer a blog with ‘comments’ section and various social media features, such as a ‘share’ button or links to third party websites and services, including Twitter, LinkedIn, Google+ and Facebook. When using any such features, certain information may be collected by such third parties, including your IP address or which page you are visiting on our website, and such third parties may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Any data collected by such third parties is governed by such third party’s privacy policy. You are encouraged to carefully review such third party privacy policies.
Children’s Privacy
AppsFlyer does not knowingly collect or process personal data from or with respect to children under the age of 16, and you must be 16 years of age or older in order to establish an account for AppsFlyer’s Services. If you are a parent or legal guardian and believe that your child under the age of 16 has submitted his or her personal data or other data without your consent, permission, or authorization – please let us know immediately, and we will promptly act to remove your child’s data from our database, cease the use of such data and inform any other party we suspect to have access to such data to do the same.
California Privacy Rights
We may collect personal information about California residents who are afforded additional rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act, Cal. Civ. Code §§ 1798.100 et seq. (the “CCPA“). If you are a California resident, you can see more details about the types of personal information we have collected from you in the past 12 months and may collect from you in Section 1 above (
Information We Collect
) and how we collect such personal information in Section 2 above (
The Methods We Use to Collect and Receive Information
). The purposes for which we collect your personal information are further described in Section 3 above (
The Purpose
). We do not share your personal information with any third party except as further described in Section 4 above (
Who We Share Information With
). Please refer to the other terms of this Privacy Policy to see further rights afforded to you and how we use your personal information.
We do not “Sell” (as defined in the CCPA) your personal information which we have collected or may collect and in the event we will Sell your personal information, we will notify you by updating this Privacy Policy in accordance with Section 8 above (
Modifications to this Policy
) and we will provide you with the option of opting out of such “sale”.
You, as a California resident, have certain rights regarding your personal information pursuant to the CCPA, subject to certain restrictions under applicable laws, including the rights to access your personal information, to delete your personal information, and to opt out of the “sale” of your personal data. You may request any of these by contacting us via email at
privacy@appsflyer.com
or by physical mail to: AppsFlyer Ltd. (Attn: Legal Dept.) 14 Maskit St., Herzliya, Israel. Upon your request, we will verify that you are the person making this request and in order to do so, we may request identification documents from you.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Website Privacy Policy, the information we collect, the practices of AppsFlyer, or your dealings with the Marketing Platforms, please contact us or our Data Protection Officer by sending an email to:
privacy@appsflyer.com
or by physical mail to: AppsFlyer Ltd. (Attn: Legal Dept.) 14 Maskit St., Herzliya, Israel. For the purposes of Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation, the representative within the EU of AppsFlyer is AppsFlyer Germany Schönhauser Allee 180, 10119 Berlin, Germany (contact
privacy@appsflyer.com
; +49 30 166373500).
Our Cookies Policy
AppsFlyer respects your privacy as our website user. We use cookies to improve your user experience and for remarketing. Some of this data may be shared with select partners. See our
cookies policy
for more information.
Reject all cookies
Accept all cookies
Customize
Cookie Preference Center
AppsFlyer uses Cookies to provide, maintain, and improve our websites, to optimize our offerings and marketing activities, and to provide our visitors and users with a better experience, for example, in order to maintain your preferences, to better secure our websites, to identify technical issues, and to monitor and improve the overall performance of our websites.
More information
Allow All
Please select which Cookies you approve, you may choose all options.
Always Active
Necessary Cookies are enabled for the assurance and function of a properly run website, and they cannot be disabled. They are usually only set in response to actions permitted by you, such as, enabling functions like navigation and access to secure areas of the website. These Cookies do not store personal information that will be used for other purposes.
Performance Cookies
These Cookies provide us with aggregated (anonymous) insights into website enhancement and performance improvement. These cookies allow us to measure and improve the performance of our Sites. They help us know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the website.
Marketing Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Functional Cookies
These Cookies enable us to provide enhanced functionality and personalization through our Sites and allow for a better user experience. These may be set by us (first-party Cookies) or by third-party providers who work with us (third-party Cookies).
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 1
https://batch.com/privacy-policy:
Opens in a new window
Opens an external website
Opens an external website in a new window
Close this dialog
This website stores data such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as marketing, personalization, and analytics. You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings. You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies.
Privacy Policy
Storage Preferences
Marketing
Personalization
Analytics
Save
Accept All
Reject All
Fresh Activation ideas 💡? Get the guide →
Platform
Clients
Partners
Resources
Blog
Jobs
Login
Contact Us
Platform
Features
Book a demo
CHANNELS
Email Marketing
SMS Marketing
Mobile Push
Web Push
In-App Messaging
Marketing Guide
New
The Inspiration Guide for your Activation Use Cases
Industries
Retail
Luxury
Finance
Media
Success
stories
Case Study
How Accor achieved +300% App audience growth with Batch?
See all our Case Studies
The
Club
Contribute to Batch’s success and benefit from exclusive content, product previews and networking opportunities.
Learn more
Tech & Product
Download SDK
Tech Doc
Help Center
New Features
Marketing
Case Studies
Guides & Ebooks
Market Studies
NEWS
Events
Videos
Press
About us
Certification
Become a certified CRM Expert: expand your knowledge and boost your career.
Get certified
Privacy Policy
This policy is only applies to personal data collected by Batch on the Website www.batch.com. To learn more about the privacy policy of the tool and services of Batch, visit this page: https://batch.com/service-agreement
The protection of your personal data is important to Batch.
In accordance with European regulation no. 2016/679 of 26 April 2016 and the modified French law “Informatique et libertés” of 6 January 1978, Batch undertakes strong commitments towards the persons concerned.
It is recalled that all informations collected on the Website are registered by Batch, acting as data processor.
Purposes of the processing
Each processing of data is collected for specified and explicit purposes, that are mentioned on the Website page where the data are collected. It is reminded that:
Concerning the management of your request, the purposes of the processing are the (i) management of your request and (ii) the improvement of the product and services. The legal basis of this processing is the performance of a contract (article 6.1.b of the European regulation);
Concerning the entering into a relationship with Batch, and if you expressly consent to it, the prospection by our trading partners. Legal basis of this processing is the consent (article 6.1.a of the European regulation).
Batch may decide to create additional and/or complementary means of collection. As such, and according to applicable regulations, Batch will detail the proper purposes of the concerned processing on the page of the data collect.
There is no automated decision-making process by Batch on the basis of your personal data.
Recipients
The recipients of your personal data are the following:
the employees of Batch,
the subcontractors for the execution of the processing concerned, and
if you expressly consented, the trading partners of Batch.
Where appropriate, these categories of recipients are completed with specific categories for each processing and expressly mentioned in visible mentions on the Website page where the data is collected.
Data transfers to the recipients (regardless of their legal nature, subcontractor, data processor, or simple recipient) are performed in secure way and in application of an agreement between Batch and each recipient. Batch makes sure that each recipient knows data protection principles and the transfer is covered by law and/or a specific contract.
Retention of your personal data
Batch ensures to store your personal data in the European Union, with host subject to European regulation on the personal data protection. Your personal data are stored by Batch in a secure way which complies with the applicable regulations.
Batch’s retention period comply with the applicable regulations, especially regarding data related to the entering into a relationship with Batch, for 5 years from the date the account is closed.
Batch may decide to create additional and/or complementary means of collection. As such, and according to the applicable regulations, Batch will detail the retention period related to the processing on the page of the data collect.
Your rights
You have the following rights:
to access to your personal data;
to rectify your personal data if the data is inaccurate or incomplete;
to restrict the processing of your personal data under the conditions referred to in Article 18 of the European Regulation;
to erase your personal data if:
they are not necessary for the purposes for which they were collected or processed;
you withdraw your consent when you have given your consent for the processing of your personal data;
you object validly to the processing of your personal data;
they have been unlawfully processed; or
a law imposes it.
to object to the processing of your personal data for legitimate reasons;
to data portability;
to define directives on the processing of your personal data after your death and,
for processing you have given your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time.
If you wish to exercise one or more of the rights listed above, please send an e-mail to the person in charge of personal data protection of Batch (support@batch.com). Please include a scan or a copy of your identity card for identification purposes.
Contact
In case of complaint, you may contact the French Data Protection Authority (« CNIL »).
You may put your name on an opt-out list to cold calling on www.bloctel.gouv.fr/
Cookies
This policy applies to cookies and others systems published by BATCH, which Users can access through television, computers, tablet, smartphones or any other mobile terminal, including internet services accessible through www.batch.com.
When he visits the website, the User is informed that a cookie may be automatically installed on his web browser.
Cookies are a block of data aimed to register all information related to User’s navigation, but it never allows to identify Users.
Cookies are secured. They only register information given by the browser preliminarily introduced by the User, or included in URL requests.
There are two different types of cookies. Their use and content are different, temporary and persistent:
temporary cookies hold information based on your web browsing. They are automatically erased once you close the browser. Thus, nothing is stored in your computer once the web browsing ended.
persistent cookies are used in order to store information used between visits. They are used in order to allow websites to immediately recognize regular customers, and consequently customize it services. Persistent cookies have conservation term defined by the website, which may vary from a few minutes to many years.
Batch collaborates with partners who write third party cookies subsequently used by announcers on other websites in order to suggest an appropriate and pertinent advertising based on the browsing history.
Because they are exclusively based on the browsing history, these cookies do not store personal data allowing other websites to identify the Users.
Cookies policy
In order to allow the best browsing experience on this website, and also a better running of applications and interfaces, Batch reserves the right to implement cookies.
Batch reserves the right to collect public IP address. This collect will be executed anonymously. The IP address will be stored for the same duration than cookies and used in order to allow the best browsing experience on the website.
Cookies we may use
USER’S SESSION COOKIES
Session cookies store all the information filed by User during their inscription to our services. They allow us to recognize Users accessing our services, accessing to their personal accounts and personal datas such as the name, address, brand and the type of equipment used etd. and also to watch his contents.
COOKIES ALLOWING THE DISPLAY OF CONTENTS AND TARGETED PUBLICITY
Cookies allowing the display of content and targeted publicity are used either by us or by third parties (announcers, advertising department).
They allow us to adapt our advertising space regarding to Users preferences and interests, in order to offer the best experience and interesting content.
AUDIENCE MEASUREMENT AND STATISTICS COOKIES
Audience measurement cookies allow us to determine statistics based on the frequency of visits and the utilization of our services. Batch reserves the right to collect traffic statistics, content statistics or displayed website pages. Those statistics allow us to improve the usability and the value of our services, and realize the invoice tracking of thirds parties announcers. It could be done by measuring the total amount of displayed advertisements.
SOCIAL MEDIA COOKIES
Social media companies may also place cookies on your web browser. Social networks are materialized on our services through icons allowing these social media to identify the User during his navigation on our services, or the sharing of our contents.
Batch does not control these cookies neither the data collected by those entities, acting on their behalf. For more information regarding this applications and the purposes, please consult the privacy policies of these social media.
https://twitter.com/batch
https://www.facebook.com/batch
https://www.linkedin.com/company/batch-com/
https://angel.co/batch
(Note: this list is not exhaustive.)
Cookies deactivation / erasing
Cookies will be stored for a maximum period of 13 months and may be read and used by Batch for any subsequent visit on the website.
Your web browser allows you to disable / limit cookies or disable them in browser settings or options. The steps to follow are different for each browser, you may find how to proceed in the section « help » of your browser.
With your web browser you may also consult all the cookies stored in your computer and erase them partly or fully.
Because cookies are text files, you can read their content. However cookies are frequently encrypted, thus their content won’t be intelligible.
For further information or question concerning privacy policy, fell free to contact us at the following email address: support@batch.com
Governing law
The present terms and uses shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the french laws .
Integrality
The presents Privacy Policy cover all the rights and duties between the parties. However, they may be amended by written agreement between the Parties. This agreement must target the present Privacy Policy.
In no way, Users will be able to modify the present Privacy Policy.
© Batch – Updated: May 25th 2018
Platform
Features
Email
Push notifications
In-App message
Web Push
SMS
Differentiators
600% ROI
3x faster campaign creation
Personalized customer journeys
Why Batch?
Clients
Retail
Luxury
Finance
Media
Partners
Analytics
Marketing Platforms
Tag Managers
CDPs - DMPs
News
Newsletter
Blog
Events
Certifications
Press
Content Factory
Case Studies
Ebooks & Guides
Use Cases
Videos
Tech / Product
Download SDKs
Technical Documentation
Support
New Features
Batch
Our history
Jobs
Legal Notice
Privacy Policy
Service Agreement
Contact
sales@batch.com
+33 (0)1 82 83 71 40
Mention Légales
Copyright Batch ©
2025
Sub-policy 2
https://www.contentful.com/legal/privacy-at-contentful/privacy-notice/:
Opens in a new window
Opens an external website
Opens an external website in a new window
Close this dialog
This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising.
You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings.
You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies.
Cookie Policy
Storage Preferences
Targeted Advertising
Personalization
Analytics
Save
Accept All
Reject All
This app works best with JavaScript enabled.
Livestream
Join us March 31 as we unveil the future of digital experiences
Open menu
Legal
Acceptable use policy
Contentful AI Terms of Service
Digital Services Act
DMCA takedown notice
Marketplace terms
Modern slavery and human trafficking statement
Privacy at Contentful
Cookie notice
Data processing addendum for customers
Privacy FAQ
Privacy notice
Privacy notice to candidates
Sub-processors
Your Privacy Choices
Service level agreement
Terms of service
Terms of service Developer Showcase
Trademark and Brand Use Policy
Trial Terms of Service
Legal FAQ
Security addendum
Legal
Acceptable use policy
Contentful AI Terms of Service
Digital Services Act
DMCA takedown notice
Marketplace terms
Modern slavery and human trafficking statement
Privacy at Contentful
Cookie notice
Data processing addendum for customers
Privacy FAQ
Privacy notice
Privacy notice to candidates
Sub-processors
Your Privacy Choices
Service level agreement
Terms of service
Terms of service Developer Showcase
Trademark and Brand Use Policy
Trial Terms of Service
Legal FAQ
Security addendum
Effective as of 5 September 2024
Other versions of this document
1. CONTENTFUL AND OUR APPROACH TO PRIVACY
The Contentful group of companies, comprising Contentful GmbH in Germany, Contentful Inc. in the United States, and all other affiliates (“
Contentful”, “we”, “us”
or
“our”
), are committed to safeguarding your data and protecting your privacy.
Contentful provides a cloud-based content management services platform that allows users to manage content using Contentful APIs (the
“Contentful Services”
).
This Privacy Notice applies to data that identifies or is associated with you (
“personal data”
):
When you use the Contentful Services, either as an individual user or as a representative of an organization;
When you visit our websites (
contentful.com
, or any other website of ours that links to this Privacy Notice) (our
“Site(s)”
);
When you engage with us offline, for example where you attend our in-person events; and/or
That we receive from third parties.
Contentful determines the purposes and means of processing your personal data as described in this Privacy Notice and therefore acts as the controller (as defined under the General Data Protection Regulation or equivalent term under applicable data protection laws) of your personal data in this context.
This Privacy Notice does not apply to personal data contained in the content that our customers manage using the Contentful Services for publication purposes. We process such information on behalf of our customers who are the controllers under those circumstances.
If you are a job applicant, please see our
Privacy Notice to Candidates
.
2. INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US AND HOW WE USE IT
We collect personal data directly from you that you choose to submit to us when you use the Contentful Services. This could be information you provide when you set up an account on the Contentful Services, or correspond with us via customer support tools, by e-mail or otherwise.
We also collect personal data that you provide to us via our Sites, for example, when you fill in a form, subscribe to our mailing lists, newsletters or other forms of marketing communications, or use some other feature of our Sites. In addition, we may collect personal data from you when you register for or attend events and interact with us in person.
The table below sets out in detail the categories of personal data we collect about you and how we use that information.
Description
How we use it
Contact and registration information.
Such as your first name, last name, professional details (company, job title and function), email address, username and password.
Set up and authenticate your account and  operate, maintain and provide to you the features and functionality of the Contentful Services including customer support, security, billing and customer management purposes.
Communicate directly with you to respond to your queries (for example, support requests) and to send service-related emails (for example, account verification, change or updates to features of the Contentful Services, or technical and security notices).
Send you news, alerts, operational information and marketing communications in accordance with your preferences.
Payment information.
Such as credit or debit card details and information on the transaction, such as the services purchased and date and time of the transaction.
Facilitate payment in order to operate, maintain and provide to you the features and functionality of the Contentful Services.
Correspondence, interactions and event recordings.
When you contact us directly (for example, by email or via our customer support tools) when you respond to customer surveys, register for or attend our events and trainings or visit our premises. We may take photos, videos, and audio recordings at our events.
Answer your questions and concerns, obtain your insights and feedback, provide you requested information and resolve your customer service issues. We also use your information to administer events and use audio visual recordings that you may appear in for promotional purposes.
Your preferences.
Such as preferences set for notifications, marketing communications, how the Contentful Services and Sites are configured or displayed.
Send you marketing and sales content in accordance with your marketing preferences.
3. INFORMATION WE COLLECT AUTOMATICALLY AND HOW WE USE IT
We collect personal data automatically, such as information about the way in which you use the Contentful Services and Sites. We use this information to provide you the features and functionality of the Contentful Services and Sites, to monitor and improve them and to develop new products and services.
We typically collect this information through a variety of tracking technologies, including cookies, web beacons, embedded scripts, location-identifying technologies, file information. The types of tracking technologies and data collection tools we use may change over time as technology evolves. You can learn more about our use of cookies and similar tracking technologies, by visiting our
Cookie Notice
.
The table below sets out in detail the categories of personal data we automatically collect from you when you use the Contentful Services and Sites, as well as how we use that information.
Categories of personal data
How we use it
Information about the way you access and use the Contentful Services and Sites.
In relation to the Contentful Services, for example, we collect information about when and how frequently you access the Contentful Services, how long you use it for, and the approximate location from which you access it. We also collect information about whether you access the Contentful Services from multiple devices, and other actions you take in connection with the Contentful Services.
In relation to the Sites, for example, we collect information such as the site from which you came and the site to which you are going when you leave our Sites, the pages you visit on our Sites, the links you click, whether you open emails or click the links contained in emails, whether you access the Sites from multiple devices, and other actions you take.
Monitor and improve the Contentful Services and Sites and our business, to monitor and strengthen security, verify access to the Contentful Services and Sites, combat fraud, to troubleshoot and resolve technical issues and to inform the development of new Contentful products and services.
Determine products and services that may be of interest to you.
Identifiers and other information about your device and its software.
In relation to the Sites, for example, we collect information such as your IP address, hostname of your device, browser type, Internet service provider, device type / model / manufacturer, operating system, date and time of server request, and other such information.
In relation to the Contentful Services, for example, we also log certain user activity, including log-in time-stamps and actions taken in the Contentful Services.
We may use this information to detect fraud or suspicious activity in relation to your account or for other security purposes.
We use this information to present the Contentful Services and Sites to you on your device and to enhance and personalize your experience.
4. INFORMATION WE RECEIVE FROM THIRD PARTIES AND HOW WE USE IT
We may receive information from third parties in certain situations, for example, from trusted partners that we work with that improve your experience of the Contentful Services and Sites, marketing information that we receive from third parties we work with in the context of running events or promotions, or that we collect from publicly available sources online. These are described in more detail in the table below.
Categories of personal data
How we use it
Information received from social media, or other third party accounts.
If you choose to register or login to the Contentful Services using a third party account (such as Google or GitHub), we may receive information from those third parties. The data we receive is dependent on your privacy settings with those third parties.
We use this information to set up and authenticate your account and to operate, maintain and provide to you the features and functionality of the Contentful Services.
Marketing and sales generation information.
This may include your name, email address, business postal address, phone number and other similar business contact information.
We use this information for marketing purposes, to assess whether you may be interested in the Contentful Services, to contact you with marketing and promotional information and to conduct surveys and market research.
5. LEGAL BASES FOR EUROPEAN REGION RESIDENTS
If you are accessing or using the Contentful Sites or Services from the EEA, Switzerland or the UK (the
“European Region”
), we are required to have a “legal basis” in order to process your personal data. We use different legal bases depending on the purpose for which we process your personal data, as set out below.
Contractual necessity
If you are an individual user, we process your personal data for the performance of a contract to which you are a party. This contract would be any agreement between you and Contentful in connection with the provision of the Contentful Services. We process your personal data under this legal basis primarily to set up and operate the Contentful Services, including authenticating your account, to send service-related communications, to facilitate payments, and for customer support purposes.
Legitimate interests
If you visit our Sites or are a user of the Contentful Services on behalf of an organization, we process your personal data for our legitimate interests, namely:
To administer and provide the Contentful Services to the organization you represent;
To monitor, resolve issues and make improvements to the Contentful Services and Sites, and to develop new Contentful products and services;
To administer events and trainings;
To inform our marketing activities and for promotional purposes; and
To protect our business and your account from fraud and related activities.
Consent
We will process your personal data for specific purposes where you have provided your consent. If we rely on your consent, you can revoke your consent at any time.
Compliance with a legal obligation
We will process your personal data where processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation. For example, where we are legally required to process and retain payment or transaction information for tax and reporting purposes.
6. HOW LONG WE WILL STORE YOUR INFORMATION
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we collected it, including for the purposes of our legitimate business interests and satisfying any legal or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and the applicable legal requirements.
7. DISCLOSURES OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We may disclose your personal data to the categories of third parties and in the circumstances as set out below:
Pursuant to your instructions.
When requested, we will disclose or facilitate disclosing your personal data with third parties pursuant to your instructions.
Service providers.
We may disclose your personal data with third party vendors and other service providers that perform services for us or on our behalf, which may include: providing security and fraud prevention; professional services such as legal and accounting services; billing services; mailing, email, chat or other customer relationship or support services; marketing, survey or analytics services; or web hosting.
Third party applications including social media services.
If you register or log in to the Contentful Services using your account with a third party application such as a social media provider, we disclose limited data with that third party to facilitate your access.
If you install third-party applications or extensions in your use of the Contentful Services (via the Contentful Marketplace), the providers of such applications and extensions, and the providers of third-party services that the apps and extensions may connect with, will receive your identifiers and other data that you authorize such applications, extensions and third-party services to access.
Other companies within the Contentful group.
We may disclose your personal data within the Contentful group of companies as reasonably necessary for our day to day business operations.
Third parties in the context of a corporate transaction:
We may disclose your personal data to third parties in connection with a transaction, such as a merger, sale of assets or shares, reorganization, financing, change of control or acquisition of all or a portion of our business. Such a transaction might involve disclosing personal data to prospective or actual purchasers, sellers and their advisers.
Law enforcement, regulators and other parties for legal reasons:
We may disclose your personal data to comply with our legal obligations, and to protect our rights. We will disclose your personal data if we are legally required to do so, such as in response to a court order or legal process, or to establish, protect, or exercise our legal rights or to defend against legal claims or demands, or to comply with requirements of mandatory applicable law. We may also disclose your personal data as necessary to enforce terms of a contract that you have agreed to, including to protect the rights, property, or safety of Contentful, its users, or any other person, and to prevent fraud and abuse of the Contentful Services.
8. CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
Categories and sources of personal data In accordance with the California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”), as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act, we are required to disclose certain information about how we collect personal data of individuals resident in California, and how we use, retain and disclose that data. Note that the term “personal data” in this section has the meaning given to the term “personal information” in the CCPA. In the last 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal data:
Identifiers (e.g., name, email address, or other similar identifiers);
Those listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)) (e.g., name, address, email address);
Characteristics which may be protected classifications under California or federal law (e.g., gender and marital status);
Commercial information (e.g., transaction data);
Internet or other similar network activity; Geolocation data (e.g., general location derived from an IP address);
Sensory data (e.g., audio, video);
Professional or employment-related information; and Inferences drawn from the preceding categories of personal data.
Within these categories of personal data, we may also collect the following categories of sensitive personal information (as defined in the CCPA) in connection with the Contentful Services: account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number, in combination with any required security or access codes, password, or credentials allowing access to the account. We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for any purpose not expressly permitted under the CCPA.
We obtain these categories of personal data directly from you or from devices on which you access or use the Contentful Services or Sites, as well as from the following categories of sources: our business partners and affiliates; third parties you direct to disclose information to us; social media providers; and as described above in the “
Information you provide to us or we collect, and how we use it
”, “
Information we collect from you automatically, and how we use it
” and “
Information we collect from third parties and how we use it
” sections of this Privacy Notice.
Use and disclosure of personal data
We use this personal data for the purposes described above in the “
Information you provide to us or we collect, and how we use it
”, “
Information we collect from you automatically, and how we use it
” and “
Information we collect from third parties and how we use it
” sections of this Privacy Notice.
We disclose this personal data as described above in the “Disclosures of your personal data” section of this Privacy Notice. In addition, we share (as that term is defined in the CCPA) identifiers, as well as Internet or other similar network activity, to advertising providers that tailor online ads to your interests based on information they collect about your online activity (known as interest-based advertising).
Retention of personal data
We retain this personal data as described above in the “
How long we will store your information
” section of this Privacy Notice.
9. SECURING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We take appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect your personal data from unauthorized access, abuse, loss and other disruption. To this end, we regularly review our security measures and adapt them to current standards. Contentful is certified according to the ISO 27001 standard and continuously invests in and improves its security practices. You can find out more by visiting
Security at Contentful
.
10. INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
The personal data we collect may be transferred to and stored in countries outside of the jurisdiction you are in where we and our third-party service providers have operations. If you are accessing the Contentful Services or Sites from the European Region, your personal data will be processed outside of the European Region, including in the United States.
In the event of such a transfer, we ensure that: (i) the personal data is transferred to countries recognized as offering an adequate level of protection for personal data; or (ii) the transfer is made pursuant to appropriate safeguards. Such appropriate safeguards include the standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission or corresponding contractual clauses adopted by Swiss or UK authorities that are in place between the relevant Contentful affiliates or between Contentful and our third-party service providers. If you wish to enquire further about these safeguards used, please contact us using the details set out at the end of this Privacy Notice.
Data Privacy Framework
Contentful complies with the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework (together, the “
DPF
”) as set forth by the US Department of Commerce.
Contentful has certified to the US Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-US Data Privacy Framework Principles regarding the transfer of personal data from the European Union and the UK in reliance on the EU-US Data Privacy Framework and the UK Extension to the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, respectively. Contentful has also certified to the US Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Notice and the EU-US Data Privacy Framework Principles and/or the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework Principles (together, the “
DPF Principles
”), the DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the DPF, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
In compliance with the DPF, Contentful commits to resolve all complaints regarding our collection and use of your personal data. Please contact us using the details set out in the “Contact Us” section below.
Any complaints that remain unresolved by Contentful will be referred to JAMS, an independent alternative dispute resolution organization based in the US. Individuals whose complaints have not been satisfactorily addressed can visit JAMS’ website at
https://www.jamsadr.com/dpf-dispute-resolution
for details on how to file a complaint. As a last resort, complaints that remain unresolved after pursuing these recourse mechanisms may be subject to binding arbitration. For more information, please refer to Annex 1 of the DPF Principles.
Contentful is liable for the processing of personal data it receives under the DPF and transfers to a third party acting as agent on its behalf. Contentful shall remain liable under the DPF Principles if its agent processes such personal data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless Contentful proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
The US Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Contentful’s compliance with the DPF. Contentful may be required to disclose personal data it receives under the DPF in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
11. CONTROL OVER YOUR INFORMATION AND PRIVACY RIGHTS
Cookie settings and Global Privacy Control
We have implemented a cookie consent manager on our Sites and Contentful Services which allows you to view the current list of cookies implemented and to manage your cookie preferences. Visitors to our Sites can click the “Cookie Preferences” link at the bottom of our Site and users of the Contentful Services can visit the “Account Settings” page of the web-app within the Contentful Services.
Some browsers and browser extensions support the
Global Privacy Control
(“
GPC
”) that can send a signal to the websites you visit indicating your choice to opt-out from certain types of data processing, including data sales and sharing (please refer to the Rights of California residents section below for more information on right to opt-out of sales and sharing). We will respect your choices indicated by a GPC setting when we detect a relevant signal, as required by applicable law. Please refer to our
Cookie Notice
for information on other general browser settings and opt-out mechanisms.
Marketing preferences
Occasionally, we may contact you with information about our products and services that we feel will be of interest to you, in accordance with applicable law. You can stop receiving promotional email communications from us by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our marketing emails or by updating your preferences in our
Email Subscription Center
. You may not opt out of service-related communications (e.g., account verification, transactional communications, changes/updates to features of the Contentful Services, technical and security notices).
Rights of European Region residents
If you reside in the European Region, in accordance with applicable privacy law, you have the following rights in respect of your personal data that we hold:
Right of access
. The right to obtain access to your personal data along with certain related information.
Right of portability
. You have the right, in certain circumstances, to receive a copy of the personal data you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format, or to request the transfer of your personal data to another person.
Right to rectification
. You have the right to have rectified any inaccurate or incomplete personal data we hold about you without undue delay.
Right to erasure
. You have the right, in some circumstances, to require us to erase your personal data without undue delay if the continued processing of that personal data is not justified.
Right to restriction
. You have the right, in some circumstances, to require us to limit the purposes for which we process your personal data if the continued processing of the personal data in this way is not justified, such as where the accuracy of the personal data is contested by you.
Right to withdraw consent
. If you have provided consent for the processing of your personal data, you have the right to withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, this will not affect the lawfulness of our use of your personal data before your withdrawal.
You have the right to object to any processing based on our legitimate interests where there are grounds relating to your particular situation. There may be compelling reasons for continuing to process your personal data, and we will assess and inform you if that is the case.
In some cases, these rights may be available in limited circumstances or where certain grounds apply. For example, we may not be able to delete your personal data if we need to process that data in order to continue to provide the Contentful Services to your organization, or where allowing access to your personal data would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others. We may also need to verify your identity before we can fulfill your request.
If you wish to exercise one of these rights, please see
Your Privacy Choices
. You also have the right to lodge a complaint to your local data protection authority.
Rights of California residents
If you reside in California, you have the following rights in respect of your personal data that we hold:
Right of information and access
. You may request information about and access to your personal data that we process in accordance with the CCPA.
Right to erasure
. You may request deletion of your personal data in accordance with the CCPA.
Right of correction
: You have the right to request that any inaccuracies in your personal data be corrected, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the purposes of the processing of your personal data.
Right to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal data
. We have third party cookies on our Sites to assist us with analyzing our marketing effectiveness and providing you with tailored content and advertising. We may share cookie data, as well as other personal data about you, with service providers (for example using your email address to obtain firmographic information about the company you work for) or with our business partners, such as in case of joint events organized with such partners.
To opt out of the sharing or sale (as those terms are defined under the CCPA) of your personal data for the purposes of online analytics and advertising, you can manage your cookie preferences and/or, if your browser supports it, enable the GPC as described in the Cookie Settings and Global Privacy Control section above. You may also make a request via
Your Privacy Choices
.
Right to non-discrimination
: You have the right to receive non-discriminatory treatment if and when you exercise your rights to access, delete, or opt-out under the CCPA. This means we cannot, for example, deny goods or services to you or charge different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties, due to you having exercised your rights.
Rights of residents of other US States
Depending on the state in which you reside, you may have the following rights in relation to the personal data we hold about you:
Right of access. You may have the right to obtain:
confirmation of whether, and where, we are processing your personal data;
information about the categories of personal data we are processing, the purposes for which we process your personal data and information as to how we determine applicable retention periods;
information about the categories of recipients with whom we may share your personal data; and
a copy of the personal data we hold about you.
Right of portability.
You may have the right, in certain circumstances, to receive a copy of the personal data you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format that supports re-use, or to request the transfer of your personal data to another person.
Right to correction
. You may have the right to obtain rectification or correction of any inaccurate or incomplete personal data we hold about you.
Right to deletion
. You may have the right, in some circumstances, to require us to delete or erase your personal data.
Right to restriction
. You may have the right, in some circumstances, to require us to limit the purposes for which we process your personal data if the continued processing of the personal data in this way is not justified, such as where the accuracy of the personal data is contested by you.
Right to opt-out
. You may have the right to opt-out of certain processing activities. For example, you may have the right to opt-out of the use of your personal data for targeted advertising purposes, or to “sell” or “share” your personal data with third parties in certain contexts.
Right to control over automated decision-making/profiling.
The right to direct us not to use automated decision-making or profiling for certain purposes.
Right to withdraw consent
. If you have provided consent for the processing of your personal data, you may have the right to withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, this will not affect the lawfulness of our use of your personal data before your withdrawal.
Right to appeal.
In the event that we decline to take action on a request exercising one of your rights set forth above, you have the right to appeal our decision.
Depending on your state of residency, you may also have the right to not receive retaliatory or discriminatory treatment in connection with a request to exercise the above rights.
In some cases, we may be unable to honor your requests. For example, we may not be able to delete your personal data if we are prohibited by law from doing so. We may also need to verify your identity before we can fulfill your request. If you wish to exercise one of these rights, please see
Your Privacy Choices
.
12. LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES
The Contentful Services and Sites may, from time to time, contain links to and from third party websites. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy notices and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for their notices. Please check the individual notices before you submit any information to those websites.
13. INFORMATION ABOUT CHILDREN
The Contentful Services and our Sites are not directed at persons under 16. We do not knowingly or intentionally collect or solicit personal data from anyone under the age of 16. If we learn that we have inadvertently collected personal data from a child under 16, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information about a child under 16, please contact us using the details set out in the “Contact Us” section below.
14. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
Please read this Privacy Notice carefully and note that we may change it. We may change it specifically if the Contentful Services or our Sites evolve, if how we engage with you offline changes, or if relevant laws or their application change. We recommend that you read this Privacy Notice from time to time and take a copy for your files. We will post new versions of this Privacy Notice on our Sites and identify new notices with the date they take effect.
15. CONTACT US
If you have any questions about our processing of your personal data, please contact us by email at
privacy@contentful.com
. Our data protection officer can be contacted at
dpo@contentful.com
.
add-circle
arrow-right
remove
style-two-pin-marker
subtract-circle
remove
Sub-policy 3
https://www.akamai.com/de/de/privacy-policies/:
Twitter
LinkedIn
Email
Close
X
Skip to main content
Rechtliches
Ihre Nutzung von Akamai.com und/oder der Produkte und Dienste von Akamai unterliegt den in den rechtlichen Richtlinien von Akamai aufgeführten Bedingungen. Unsere Datenschutzgrundsätze werden hierin ebenfalls definiert.
Akamai-Datenschutzerklärung
Diese Erklärung beschreibt detailliert, wie Akamai Informationen über Personen erfasst, nutzt und weitergibt, die mit Akamai über die Websites, Online-Portale, mobilen Anwendungen oder direkt mit Akamai-Mitarbeitern und -Vertretern sowie durch die Nutzung der Services von Akamai-Kunden interagieren. Weitere Informationen zum Datenschutz und den damit verbundenen Maßnahmen finden Sie im
Akamai Privacy Trust Center
.
Mehr dazu
Akamai-Dienste
Auf der Seite „Akamai-Services“ finden Sie Beschreibungen von Abrechnungsmethoden, servicespezifischen Bedingungen, Endnutzerlizenzen und zusätzlichen Richtlinien, die für Akamai-Produkte und -Dienste gelten.
Mehr dazu
Bekämpfung von Bestechung und Korruption
Akamai toleriert keinerlei Bestechung. Die Leistung von Bestechungen durch leitende Angestellte, Direktoren, Mitarbeiter, Geschäftspartner, Händler, Berater oder Lieferanten in unserem Namen stellt einen Verstoß gegen die Werte und Grundsätze von Akamai dar. Weitere Informationen finden Sie in unserer Antibestechungs- und Antikorruptionsrichtlinie.
Mehr dazu
Grundsatzerklärung des rechtlichen Rahmens für den Datenschutz von Akamai Technologies, Inc.
Akamai Technologies, Inc. hält sich an das Datenschutzabkommen zwischen der EU und den USA (EU-US DPF), die Erweiterung des EU-US DPF für das Vereinigte Königreich und das Datenschutzabkommen zwischen der USA und der Schweiz (Schweiz-US DPF) des US-Handelsministeriums bei der Verarbeitung bestimmter personenbezogener Daten betroffener Personen in Mitgliedsstaaten der Europäischen Union, im Vereinigten Königreich und in der Schweiz. Akamai Technologies, Inc. hat eine Richtlinie verabschiedet, die die Handhabung dieser personenbezogenen Daten durch Akamai vorgibt.
Mehr dazu
Datenschutzerklärung für Kandidaten und Schiedsvereinbarung
Akamai verpflichtet sich zum Schutz der Daten seiner Kandidaten für die Beschäftigung. Alle Stellenbewerber bei Akamai müssen die Datenschutzerklärung für Bewerber und die Schiedsvereinbarung lesen und akzeptieren.
Mehr dazu
Nutzungsrichtlinien
Diese Nutzungsrichtlinien legen fest, wie die Produkte und Dienstleistungen von Akamai angemessen zu nutzen sind. Alle Nutzer des Akamai-Netzwerks sowie unserer Produkte und Dienste müssen die Nutzungsrichtlinie vor der Nutzung lesen.
Mehr dazu
Verhaltenskodex
Die Unternehmensführung von Akamai legt größten Wert auf herausragende Leistungen, Ehrlichkeit, Fairness und Integrität. Die Mitarbeiterinnen und Mitarbeiter von Akamai stehen dafür ein, dass alle Entscheidungen und Maßnahmen vor dem Hintergrund dieser Werte getroffen werden.
Mehr dazu
Portal-Nutzungsbedingungen
In diesen Portal-Nutzungsbedingungen von Akamai („Portal-Nutzungsbedingungen“) sind die Bedingungen dargelegt, die für die Websites „Akamai Control Center“, „Aura Operator Portal“ („Aura Operator Portal“) und „NetAlliance Partner-Portal“ („NAP Partner-Portal“) sowie für alle anderen von Akamai Technologies, Inc. und/oder seinen Vertragspartnern („Akamai“) von Zeit zu Zeit verfügbar gemachten Websites oder Anwendungen (zusammenfassend als „Akamai-Portal-Sites“ bezeichnet) gelten, über die Akamai bestimmte Akamai-Portal-Services (wie unten definiert) bereitstellt.
Mehr dazu
Urheberrecht und sonstige Hinweise
Die Informationen und Materialien unter Akamai.com werden von Akamai bereitgestellt und dienen ausschließlich der Information. Mit der Einsicht oder dem Download der auf Akamai.com bereitgestellten Informationen und Materialien erkennen Sie die Bedingungen und Bestimmungen im Abschnitt für rechtliche Hinweise an.
Rechtliche Hinweise für EMEA-Mitgliedsstaaten
Mehr dazu
Das EU-Gesetz über digitale Dienste (Digital Services Act, DSA)
Diese Seite enthält relevante Informationen zur Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2022/2065 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 19. Oktober 2022 über einen Binnenmarkt für digitale Dienste und zur Änderung der Richtlinie 2000/31/EG („Gesetz über digitale Dienste“,
„Digital Services Act“ oder „DSA“).
Mehr dazu
Das Akamai Security Research Agreement („SRA“)
Das Akamai Security Research Agreement („SRA“) stellt ein allgemeines Framework dar und legt fest, welche Maßnahmen Sie durchführen dürfen, die sich aus oder im Zusammenhang mit der Sicherheit des Akamai-Ökosystems ergeben.  Durch die Teilnahme an einem der Programme von Akamai erklären Sie sich damit einverstanden, dem SRA zu unterliegen.
Mehr dazu
Transparenz beim Versicherungsschutz – Blue Cross Blue Shield of MA
Gemäß der Transparenz beim Versicherungsschutz hat Blue Cross Blue Shield of MA im Netzwerk ausgehandelte Tarife und erlaubte Beträge (abgedeckte Beträge oder Dienste von Anbietern außerhalb des Netzwerks) als maschinenlesbare Dateien zur Verfügung gestellt.
Mehr dazu
Das Umweltmanagementsystem von Akamai
Die Compliance unseres Umweltmanagementsystems (Environmental Management System, EMS) mit der ISO-Norm 14001:2015 wurde von einer Drittpartei bestätigt. Wir haben intern eine Reihe von Tracking-, Überwachungs-, Mess- und Reporting-Systemen implementiert, um alle Aspekte dieser Norm zu erfüllen, sie speziell auf Akamai anzuwenden und ein sich weiterentwickelndes EMS zu etablieren.
Mehr dazu
Daten zu Emissionen von Kunden
Dieses Dokument legt die umfassende Richtlinie von Akamai Technologies, Inc. in Bezug auf nutzerdefinierte Berichte über die Daten zu Emissionen von Kunden fest. Ziel ist es, klare Leitlinien für die Erstellung, Verwendung und Prüfung von Berichten über Emissionen bereitzustellen und gleichzeitig die Rollen und Verantwortlichkeiten von Akamai und seinen Kunden in diesem Prozess darzulegen.
Mehr dazu
Transparenz beim Versicherungsschutz – Kaiser Permanente
Gemäß der Transparenz beim Versicherungsschutz hat Kaiser Permanente im Netzwerk ausgehandelte Tarife und erlaubte Beträge (abgedeckte Beträge oder Services von Anbietern außerhalb des Netzwerks) als maschinenlesbare Dateien zur Verfügung gestellt.
Mehr dazu
Erforderliche Erklärungen für die USA
Akamai ist ein Arbeitgeber, der sich für Chancengleichheit einsetzt und sich zur Compliance aller geltenden Gesetze verpflichtet. Klicken Sie auf die Links unten, um unsere Richtlinie für Chancengleichheit und andere erforderliche Erklärungen zu lesen.
Die Richtlinie von Akamai für Chancengleichheit
Kennen Sie Ihre Rechte: Diskriminierung am Arbeitsplatz ist illegal
Entgelttransparenz – Bestimmung über Diskriminierungsverbot
E-Verify – Teilnahme
E-Verify – Recht auf Arbeit
Ihre Cookie-Einstellungen für diese Website
Wir verwenden Cookies, um Ihnen diese Webseite schnell, zuverlässig und sicher zur Verfügung stellen zu können, Ihr Erlebnis der Website zu verbessern, bestimmte Interaktionen mit sozialen Medien zu ermöglichen und Ihre Cookie-Auswahl zu verwalten. Einige Cookies verarbeiten personenbezogene Daten. Wenn Sie dem Speichern der Cookies zustimmen, akzeptieren Sie auch die damit verbundene Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten, soweit personenbezogene Daten verarbeitet werden. Klicken Sie auf „Einstellungen Verwalten“, um individuelle Entscheidungen zu treffen und auf den Link "Cookie Details" um Details zu den verwendeten Cookies und der Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten zu erhalten. Klicken Sie auf „Cookies Akzeptieren“, um dem Speichern aller Cookies, mit Ausnahme der unbedingt erforderlichen Cookies, sowie den Datenverarbeitungsaktivitäten zuzustimmen, oder klicken Sie auf „Cookies Ablehnen“, um alle Cookies, außer den unbedingt erforderlichen Cookies, abzulehnen. Sie können Ihre Einwilligung jederzeit widerrufen, indem Sie auf das Cookie-Symbol klicken, das beim Navigieren auf der Website in der unteren linken Ecke angezeigt wird. Weitere Informationen zum Schutz Ihrer Privatsphäre finden Sie in unserer
Datenschutzerklärung.
Cookies akzeptieren
Einstellungen verwalten
Cookies ablehnen