THE LEAGUE PRIVACY POLICY
Effective Date
: January 24, 2022
The League App, Inc. (“The League”) has prepared this Privacy Policy (“Policy”)  to explain the information we collect when you use our mobile application (the “App”) or our websites, and our other products and services including our groups, events, or surveys (collectively referred to in this Policy as the “Sites”), how we use and share that information, and your choices about that information. In addition, you may choose to use the App or Sites to share information with other users, including your friends and contacts (“Users”).  We suggest you read this Policy in conjunction with our
Terms of Service
.
1. COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
Registration Information
When you download the App and create an account (“Account”), we may collect certain information (“Registration Information”) about you, such as:
Name;
Username;
Email address;
Mobile number;
Gender identity;
Date of birth;
Sexual Orientation;
Photographs and videos;
Dating region (city, state, zip);
Education;
Profession;
Interests;
Ethnicity;
Religion;
Height;
Family information (whether you have kids);
Marital status; and
Login and related information for social media accounts that you connect to your Account (this could include, for example, your Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, and Twitter accounts). For more information about this, see “Linking other Accounts to The League” in section 7 below.
You will also be required to create a password in connection with the registration of your Account. Once you register, you will be able to review and change this information (with the exception of date of birth, and name) at any time just by logging in to The League and selecting Edit Profile. It is your responsibility to ensure that your account details are kept up to date. If your phone number changes, please update this in your account.
The information we collect helps to enhance the App and authenticate our Users via third parties. Registration Information such as your sexual orientation, first name, first initial of last name, height, profession, education, interests username and your about me section will be visible to Users who are presented with your profile.
Purchases Information
If you decide to purchase any of our premium services, we will process your payment information through our third-party payment processors (Apple, Google, and Stripe) and retain records relating to your purchase history.
Geolocation Information
If you have given The League access to your location in your mobile device settings,  we will collect information using WiFi access points and GPS coordinates to offer certain features to you. This information helps us identify your physical location and we use it to personalize the App and make it easier for you to interact with other Users, by enabling the general locality information (neighborhood level only) to be displayed to Users seeing your profile and prioritizing the profiles of other Users who are near you in our matching systems. If you opt-in to Party Scout, we use your location information to showcase hot zones, or what neighborhoods in a given city The League Users are congregating. Your identity and exact coordinates will never be revealed to any user, but your general location is used to identify hot zones to help users navigate where to go.
If you have given The League access to your location, but wish to turn this off, you can do so by the following methods:
iPhone app — settings, privacy, location services, The League
Android — settings, location, The League, permissions, location
Device and Internet Activity Information
We may collect information about your device when you use the App including the unique device identifier, IP address, advertising identifier, device model, operating system, and MAC address, for a number of purposes, as set out in this policy. In addition, if you permit us to do so, the App may access your device’s address book solely in order to add someone to your contacts.
Links
We may keep track of how you interact with links available on The League including third-party services by redirecting clicks or through other means. We may share aggregate click statistics such as how many times a particular link was clicked on.
The League Success Stories, Surveys, and other Contributions
We will collect any information you provide in response to research surveys or requests for feedback testimonials,  or participation in marketing campaigns (for example, if you let us know that you have found a match on the App, we may contact you to ask if you would be happy to feature in advertising for The League).
When you contact Customer Support
If you contact our Customer Support team by emailing
contact@theleague.com
, we will receive your email address as well as the information you send to us to help resolve your query.
Cookies and similar technologies
When you visit our Sites or when you use our App, we may collect personal information from you automatically by using cookies or similar technologies. A cookie is a small file that can be placed on your device or browser that allows us to recognize and remember you. Please review our
Cookie Policy
to learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies.
Inferred Information
We may infer certain information about you (such as your salary) based on the information we collect.
Third-Party Information
As described in Section 7, if you use a third-party account to sign in to The League (such as Facebook), or link a third-party account to your Account, we may receive information (such as your name, birthday, handle and profile photos) from that third party.
2. USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We use your personal information for:
Service delivery.
We use your personal information to provide our services, including to:
Provide, operate and improve the Sites and our business;
To create, maintain, and authenticate your account;
Process your payments (through third-party vendors) and complete transactions with you;
Communicate with you, including by sending announcements, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
Understand your needs and interests, and personalize your experience with the App and our communications; and
Provide support for the Sites, and respond to your requests, questions, and feedback.
Research and development
. We may anonymize personal information and use the anonymized information for research and development, including to analyze and improve the Sites and promote our business.
Marketing and advertising
. We and our advertising partners may use your personal information for marketing and advertising purposes, including:
Direct marketing
. We or our advertising partners may send you direct marketing offers and communications as permitted by law, including, but not limited to, notifying you of special promotions, offers, and events via in-app messages, email, text message, telephone, and should you give us your address, postal mail.
Interest-based advertising
. We may engage advertising partners, including third-party advertising companies and social media companies, to display ads on the App and other online services. These companies may use cookies and similar technologies to collect information about your interaction over time across the Sites, our communications, and other online services, and use that information to serve online ads that they think will interest you. This is called interest-based advertising. We may also share anonymized information about our users with these companies to facilitate interest-based advertising to those or similar users on other online platforms.
Compliance and protection
. We may use your personal information to:
Comply with applicable laws, lawful requests, and legal processes, such as responding to subpoenas or requests from government authorities;
Protect our, your or others’ rights, privacy, safety, or property (including by making and defending legal claims);
Audit our internal processes for compliance with legal and contractual requirements and internal policies;
Enforce the terms and conditions that govern the Sites; and
Prevent, identify, investigate and deter fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical, or illegal activity, including cyberattacks and identity theft.
Lawful Basis
Under EU and UK data protection laws, we are required to tell you our lawful basis for using your data and we have set this out in the table below. Where the legal basis is consent, you can withdraw consent at any time. Where the legal basis is legitimate interests, you have a right to object to our use of your data. We explain in the relevant sections in this Policy how you can withdraw consent or opt-out of certain data uses (where applicable).
Purpose for which data is used
Data
Source
Legal basis
To provide you with The League social networking service
Name, email address, date of birth, location
You provide your name, email address, date of birth, and your dating region. We obtain location data from the device that you use to access the App
Contractual necessity
To facilitate networking opportunities on The League App
Optional information that you choose to provide in your profile, including through LinkedIn verification, adding The League badges, or filling in your profile details which may include information about your sexual orientation, family plans, gender, religion, ethnic background, photos, etc.
You provide this information to us
Consent
To verify your identity and prevent fraud and to ensure the safety and security of Users
Phone number and if requested, photo provided as part of profile verification
You provide this information to us
Legitimate interests – it is in our legitimate interests to ensure that accounts are not set up fraudulently and to safeguard Users of the site
To take payment for premium services (not applicable for Users making payments via the App Store)
Payment card details
You provide this information to us
Contractual necessity
To send you marketing information about our offers and services
Email address and mobile phone number
You provide this information to us
Consent
To show you other Users near you
WiFi access points and location data when you use the App (if you give us permission)
We obtain this information from the device that you use to access the service (if you give us permission)
Legitimate interests – it is in our legitimate interests to provide this functionality as part of the services
To carry out research and analysis to help us improve the App
Log and usage data, including IP address, browser type, referring domain, pages accessed, mobile carrier and search terms, images and video
You provide photos and videos to us. We obtain the log and usage information from the device that you use to access the App
Legitimate interests – it is in our interests to analyze the way in which Users are accessing and using our services so that we can further develop the App, implement security measures and improve the service
To respond to correspondence and queries that you submit to us, including social media queries
Email address and IP address, social media name, phone number
You provide your email address, social media name, and phone number to us when you contact us and we obtain your IP address from the device that you use to contact us
Legitimate interests – it is in our legitimate interests to respond to your queries to ensure that we provide a good service to Users and troubleshoot problems
To block accounts as part of our anti-spam procedures
Email address, phone number, IP address, and IP session information, social network ID, username, user agent string
You provide your email address, phone number, and username to us. We obtain the other information from the device that you use to access the service
Legitimate interests – it is in our legitimate interests to prevent unauthorized behavior and to maintain the safety and security of our services
To investigate and block Users for reported infringements of our
Terms of Service
Name and user registration details, profile information, content of messages and photographs
You provide your name, profile content, and activities on the App to us
Legitimate interests - it is in our legitimate interests to prevent unauthorized behavior and to maintain the safety and integrity of our services
To enable Users to create and enhance their The League profile and log into the App via third party accounts
Data from Facebook and other third-party accounts (see section 7 of this Privacy Policy for more details)
We obtain this information from Facebook, or the providers of any other accounts you use to log in or connect with your Account
Legitimate interests – it is in our legitimate interests to facilitate access to our services
To block payment transactions as part of our anti-fraud procedures
Name, IP address, email address, mobile number, cardholder name, payments received, type of payment, user ID, country
You provide your name, email address, mobile number, and card details to us. We obtain your IP address from the device that you use to contact us. We obtain your payment information from your interactions with our service
Legitimate interests – it is in our legitimate interests to prevent fraudulent transactions and to maintain the security of our services
To serve promo cards and advertisements on the App
Location, gender, age, and information that you have optionally provided us with via your profile
We obtain age, gender, and profile information from you, and location data from the device that you use to access the service
Legitimate interests – it is in our legitimate interests to target advertisements so that Users see relevant advertisements and to allow us to generate income from advertising revenue
To serve advertisements on third-party networks and measure the effectiveness of such ads
Data about your visit to our Sites or App and action taken on those (for example if you downloaded our App or created an account with The League), IP address (and your estimated location based on your IP address), age and gender, device ID
We obtain age and gender from you and we obtain other information from the device or browser that you use to access the service
Consent – as indicated by you in your Privacy Settings/Cookies Settings preferences and via your browser or device privacy preferences (where required by your device manufacturer, for example, Apple devices using iOS 14.5).
To contact you in order to run surveys for research purposes and to obtain feedback, and to find out if you want to take part in marketing campaigns
Email address and mobile phone number
You provide this information to us
Legitimate interests – it is in our legitimate interests to carry out research so that we can further develop the app and improve the service
To enable video and audio call functions, and the sending of images and video
Video and audio call usage data, images and video* *If you use the League Live feature offered in our App (and give The League camera access), we may use information from Twilio’s camera SDK. Information from Twilio is only used in real-time to improve the quality of the live video chat. We don’t store this video information on our servers or share it with third parties.
We obtain this information from the device that you use to access the service
Legitimate interests – it is in our legitimate interests to provide these functionalities as part of the services
To defend legal claims, protect legal rights, and to protect people from harm
This could include any information that is relevant to the issue
This information may be obtained directly from you, from your device, or from third parties, depending on the information involved
Legitimate interests – it is in our legitimate interests to protect our legal rights, defend legal claims, and protect our users and third parties from harm
3. DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
The League does not sell and has never sold your personal information.
Our policy is to not disclose your Registration Information or personal information, except in the limited circumstances described here:
Circumstances where data may be disclosed
Disclosed data
Service Providers – We engage certain trusted third parties to perform functions and provide services to us. We may share your Registration Information or personal information with these third parties, but only for the purposes of performing these functions and providing such services. More information about this is available directly below.
This could include all information listed above
Payment Processing and Telecommunications Companies – To facilitate payments for our premium services.
Cardholder name, cardholder address, card number, payment amount, transaction date/time
Law and Harm – As we mentioned in the
Terms of Service
, we think it is very important that all Users behave while using the App. We will cooperate with all third parties to enforce their intellectual property or other rights. We will also cooperate with law enforcement inquiries from within or outside your country of residence where we are required to by law, where there is an investigation into alleged criminal behavior or to protect the vital interests of a person. This may include preserving or disclosing any of your information, including your Registration Information if we believe in good faith that it is necessary to comply with a law or regulation, or when we believe that disclosure is necessary to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal request; to protect the safety of any person; to address fraud, security or technical issues e.g. through anti-spam providers to protect the service from criminal activity or to protect our rights or property or those of third parties. In such cases, we may raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us.
This could include any personal information that The League holds about you
Business Transfers – In the event that The League or any of its affiliates undergoes a business transition or change of ownership, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, re-organization, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, or in the event of insolvency or administration, we may be required to disclose your personal information.
This could include all personal information that The League holds about you
Marketing Services Providers – To help us serve marketing and advertising on third-party websites and applications and measure the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns. More information on this is available below
Advertising identifier associated with your device (Device ID), estimated location (based on your IP address), age, gender, and data about your visit to our Sites or App and action taken on those (for example if you downloaded our App or created an account with our App)
Anti-Spam and Anti-Fraud – Your data may be shared with other The League App, Inc verified partners, for example, to block accounts and suspected fraudulent payment transactions as part of our anti-spam and anti-fraud procedures.
Email address, phone number, IP address, and IP session information, social network ID, username, user agent string, and transaction and payment data
Aggregated Information – We may share aggregated information with third parties that includes your personal information (but which doesn’t identify you directly) together with other information including log data for industry analysis and demographic profiling.
3a.
MORE INFORMATION ABOUT DISCLOSURES
Sharing your personal information with Service Providers
We engage certain trusted third parties to perform functions and provide services to us (“Service Providers”). The suppliers with which The League shares User personal information vary depending on a variety of factors, such as which of our App, Sites, and services a User engages with. For example, to provide our services to Users, we typically use the following suppliers:
Payment processors - such as Google, Apple, and Stripe
Authentication services – to allow customers to authenticate their account and offer users a higher level of confidence in the user’s identity
Product improvement and market research – we use third party platforms and agencies to carry out customer surveys and market research to improve our products and services
IT services – some of the third-party software providers used in the operation of our business may process Users’ personal information
Sharing your personal information with Marketing Services Providers
We partner with providers of marketing services (such as Facebook) (‘Marketing Services Providers’) to help us market and advertise our App and services on third-party websites and applications and measure the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns. For example, Marketing Services Providers may help us:
to exclude you from advertising campaigns aimed at finding new users, if you already have a The League account;
to show The League advertisements to users who have visited The League App/Sites but haven’t yet created a The League account;
to show The League advertisements to existing Users to encourage them to use the service (for example, when we release new features for the App, we may advertise these features to existing users);
to create an audience for our advertisements of other potential users who have similar characteristics to you based on the information the Marketing Service Providers holds about you (also known as a Lookalike Audience); or
to include you in a ‘custom audience’ that will receive The League advertising content (a custom audience is essentially a list of people who we think are most likely to be interested in a particular advertisement).
We share a limited amount of your personal information with these Marketing Services Providers, namely:
the advertising identifier associated with your device (this is a random number assigned by your mobile device manufacturer (for example Apple or Google) to your device to help advertisers (including the manufacturer) know when an ad has been viewed or clicked in an app, and when an ad causes a ‘conversion’ (for example, downloading the app advertised to you))
your approximate estimated location (based on your IP address)
age and gender
data about your visit to our Sites or App and action was taken on those (for example if you downloaded our App or created an account with our App)
Some platforms require user consent before The League is permitted to use data gained through the platform for advertising purposes and where this is the case, The League will only use this data where the necessary consent has been obtained. Through your device’s privacy settings, you also have the option to prevent or limit device identifiers from being shared with third-party advertisers and what use is made of the device identifiers. If you would like more information about your choices and how you can stop your device identifiers from being shared with third-party advertisers, please visit
this page.
In some cases, these third parties will also use the data that they collect for their own purposes, for example, they may aggregate your data with other data they hold and use this to inform advertising-related services provided to other clients.
Sharing with Facebook
Where we share data with Facebook as our Marketing Service Provider (including via the Facebook “Like” function), we are Joint Data Controllers with Facebook for this processing. This arrangement means that The League has to provide you with this notice, but you should contact Facebook if you wish to exercise your data protection rights. Further information, including how Facebook enables you to exercise your data protection rights and subsequently processes your information as an independent data controller can be found in
Facebook Data Policy
.
This data referred to above can include actions that you take on our website such as your interactions with our Sites or other information collected from cookies or similar technologies including the Facebook pixel. This allows us to measure the effectiveness of our advertising, improve our marketing practices, and helps us deliver more relevant advertising to you and people like you (including on social media such as Facebook).
4. WHAT OTHERS MAY SEE ABOUT YOU
When using The League App, you should assume that anything you post or submit on the App may be publicly viewable and accessible, both by Users and non-users of the App. Accordingly, we suggest that our Users be careful about posting information that may eventually be made public.
Please be careful about posting sensitive details about yourself on your profile such as your phone number or email address. You may also choose to add sensitive information about yourself when you add certain The League badges to your profile, such as your religion or social media handle. While you may voluntarily provide this information to us when you create your profile, including your sexual preferences, there is no requirement to do so. Please remember that photographs and videos that you post on The League may reveal information about yourself as well. When you do upload and choose to tell us sensitive information about yourself in your profile, you are explicitly consenting to our processing of this information and making it public to other Users.
Your profile and other information you make available via the App, including certain information added to your profile through third party accounts (such as Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, or LinkedIn – see section 7 of this Privacy Policy for more information about this) may be viewed and shared by Users with individuals who may or may not be users of the App. For example, a User may recommend you as a match to his or her Facebook friend(s) by taking a screenshot of your profile picture and sharing it, regardless of whether such friend(s) is also a User of the App.
Please also note that Users can see expired Matches and obtain a copy of their conversation history. The League has no control over how users may then publish or use that information.
If you log in to or access the App through your Facebook account or another third-party account on a device that you share with others, remember to log out of the App and the relevant third-party account when you leave the device in order to prevent other users from accessing your Account.
5. AGE 18 OR OLDER
You must be at least 18 years old to use The League.
The League does not knowingly collect any information about or market to children, minors, or anyone under the age of 18. If you are less than 18 years old, we request that you do not submit information to us. If we become aware that a child, minor, or anyone under the age of 18 has registered with us and provided us with personal information, we will take steps to terminate that person’s registration and delete their Registration Information from The League. If we do delete a profile because you violated our no children rules, we may retain your email and IP address to ensure that you do not try to get around our rules by creating a new profile.
6. SECURITY
We strive to take all appropriate security measures to help protect your information against loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, or disclosure. We use reasonable security measures to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information such as secured servers using firewalls.
Unfortunately, no website or Internet transmission is ever completely 100% secure and even we cannot guarantee that unauthorized access, hacking, data loss, or other breaches will never occur, but here are some tips to help keep your data secure:
Please make sure you log out of your Account after use, especially if you share devices.
Please don’t share the password you use to access your Account with anyone else.
Change your password periodically.
If you ever think someone has had access to your password or Account, please email safety@theleague.com. We cannot guarantee the security of your personal information while it is being transmitted to the Sites and any transmission is at your own risk.
7. LINKING OTHER ACCOUNTS TO THE LEAGUE
Using your social media details to sign in to The League
When you sign in to our App using your Facebook account, you give permission to Facebook to share with us your name and profile picture. Unless you opt-out, you also give permission to Facebook to share with us your email address (if there is one associated with your Facebook account), date of birth, profile photos, gender, Page likes, and current town/city.
If you register or sign in with your Apple ID, you give Apple permission to share your Apple login, a name (that can be edited by you), and an email (you can choose to hide your email and Apple will create a random email address so your personal email can stay private). This email address will be linked to your Account and will be used to retrieve your Account.
If you register or sign in with your phone number, you give Twilio, our SMS provider, permission to share your validated phone number with us. This phone number will be linked to your account and will be used to retrieve your account.
We will then use this personal information to form your Account. If you remove The League app from your Facebook settings, or from your Apple ID, we will no longer have access to this data. However, we will still have the personal information that we received when you first set up your account using your Facebook or Apple ID (you must delete your Account entirely for us to no longer have access to this data).
Linking social media accounts to your Account
You may link your Account with your Facebook, LinkedIn, Instagram, Twitter, Snapchat, Amazon, and TikTok accounts. This allows you to share some information from those accounts directly to your Account (for example, Instagram photos, or your Twitter username).
We only receive the limited information that these parties permit to be transferred (as detailed by each third party and agreed by you when you first connect your account from such platforms with your Account).
If you no longer want to link your Account to your Facebook account, please visit the settings in your Facebook account and follow the instructions to remove The League app access permissions. Please note that any information already added to your Account from those platforms will not be deleted unless you completely delete your Account as well via the Settings section. To unlink LinkedIn, please contact
support@theleague.com
with the subject line ‘Unlink LinkedIn’. For other linked services, you can unlink your account within the app by navigating to settings and clicking ‘unlink’.
8. YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
For Users who are California residents, you have the following rights (in addition to those listed in section 9 below) under the California Consumer Privacy Act, and you have the right to be free from unlawful discrimination for exercising your rights under the Act:
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you and explain how we have collected, used, and shared your personal information over the past 12 months.
You have the right to request that we delete your personal information that we collected from you, subject to certain exceptions.
The right to opt-out of the sale of personal information.
California’s “Shine the Light” law, Civil Code section 1798.83, requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the businesses’ practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. If you wish to find out about any rights you may have under California Civil Code section 1798.83, you can write to us at
contact@theleague.com
.
From time to time, as part of a joint promotion with a third party, we may, if you participate in such promotion, disclose your contact information to the third party to allow them to market their products or services to you. Where this is a condition for participation in a promotion, we will always let you know before when you enter the promotion. Please follow the instructions provided to you by third parties to unsubscribe from their messages.
In addition, under California law, operators of online services are required to disclose how they respond to “do not track” signals or other similar mechanisms that provide consumers the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of personal information of a consumer over time and across third-party online services, to the extent the operator engages in that collection. At this time, we do not track our Users’ personal information over time and across third-party online services. This law also requires operators of online services to disclose whether third parties may collect personal information about their users’ online activities over time and across different online services when the users use the operator’s service. We do not knowingly permit third parties to collect personal information about an individual User’s online activities over time and across different online services when using the App.
9. YOUR RIGHTS
Privacy laws applicable in your country may give you the following rights:
Right to be informed: what personal information an organization is processing and why (we provide this information to you in this Privacy Policy).
Right of access: you can request a copy of your information.
Right of rectification: if the information held is inaccurate, you have the right to have it corrected.
Right to erasure: you have the right to have your information deleted in certain circumstances.
Right to restrict processing: in limited circumstances, you have the right to request that processing is stopped but the information retained.
Right to data portability: you can request a copy of certain information in a machine-readable form that can be transferred to another provider.
Right to object: in certain circumstances (including where information is processed on the basis of legitimate interests or for the purposes of marketing) you may object to that processing.
If you want to exercise any of your rights listed above please email us at
contact@theleague.com
. You can also send us mail at the following address: The League App, Inc., Attn: Legal Department, 13359 North Highway 183, Suite 406-777, Austin, TX 78750. For your protection and the protection of all of our Users, we may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity before we can answer the above requests.
If you have a concern about how we have processed your request or your personal information, you should contact us in the first instance via the contact details listed above.
If you feel we have not resolved your concern, you have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (
www.ico.org.uk
). If you live in a country or territory located in the European Union (EU) or European Economic Area (EEA), you may also get in touch with your local
Data Protection Regulator
.
UK and EU Representative
Pursuant to Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), The League has appointed VeraSafe™ as its GDPR representative in the UK and EU. If you usually reside in the UK or an EU Member State you can contact Versafe™ regarding matters pertaining to the GDPR
HERE
Alternatively, VeraSafe UK can be contacted at:
VeraSafe United Kingdom Ltd.
37 Albert Embankment
London SE1 7TL
United Kingdom
telephone at: +44 (20) 4532 2003
Alternatively, VeraSafe EU can be contacted at:
VeraSafe Netherlands BV
Keizersgracht 555
1017 DR Amsterdam
Netherlands
10. DATA PROCESSING IN THE UNITED STATES
The League is headquartered in the United States and may use service providers that operate in other countries. Your personal information may therefore be processed in the United States or transferred to other locations where privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your state, province, or country.
11. DATA RETENTION AND DELETION
We keep your personal information only as long as we need it for the legal basis relied upon (as set out in Section 2 above) and as permitted by applicable law.
You may permanently delete your Account at any time, though we recommend deactivating it first since deletion is irreversible.
When your Account is deactivated, we take reasonable efforts to make sure it is no longer viewable to users on the App. For up to 28 days after deactivating, it is still possible to restore your Account to active if it was accidentally or wrongfully deactivated. After 28 days, we cannot guarantee that your personal information will be retrievable from our systems unless it meets the following conditions:
we must keep it to comply with applicable law (for instance, if you make purchases within the App, some personal data may need to be kept for accounting purposes);
we must keep it to evidence our compliance with applicable law;
there is an outstanding issue, claim, or dispute requiring us to keep the relevant information until it is resolved; or
the information must be kept for our legitimate business interests, such as fraud prevention and enhancing Users’ safety and security. For example, information may need to be kept to prevent a user who was banned for unsafe behavior or security incidents from opening a new account.
To prevent abuse and/or misuse of The League by a User following termination or deletion of a profile/Account we shall retain such information as we deem in our sole discretion may be necessary to ensure that User does not open a new account and profile in breach of our
Terms of Service
and to ensure compliance with all laws and regulations.
Warning: Even after you remove information from your profile or delete your account, copies of that information may still be viewable and/or accessed to the extent such information has been previously shared with others, or copied or stored by others. We cannot control this, nor do we accept any liability for this. If you have given third-party applications or websites access to your personal information, they may retain such information to the extent permitted under their terms of service or privacy policies.
12. CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
As The League evolves, we may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most current version of the policy will govern our use of your information and will always be at theleague.com/privacy. If we make a change to this policy that, in our sole discretion, is material, we will notify you, for example, via an email to the email associated with your Account or by posting a notice within The League.