Appy Monkeys
Privacy Policy:
This is Appy Monkeys’s Privacy Policy. It was last updated on Sept01, 2017.
1. Introduction:
Please read the following to learn more about the Appy Monkeys Pvt. Ltd. (“Appy Monkeys”) Privacy Policy. The Appy Monkeys website (www.appymonkeys.com) is intended for use by parents and Appy Monkeys’s various related games, applications, features, content, widgets or services (collectively with the website, the “Service”) are intended for use by the whole family including young children with parental participation and supervision. Appy Monkeys recognizes the importance of protecting any information collected from the users (each a “User” or collectively, “Users”) of its Service, and has adopted this Privacy Policy to inform its Users about the types of information Appy Monkeys gathers about a User online while using Appy Monkeys’s Service, how Appy Monkeys may use that information, whether Appy Monkeys discloses it to anyone, and the choices a User has regarding use of and correction of the information.
THIS PRIVACY POLICY IS PART OF THE TERMS OF SERVICE WHICH YOU, OR IF YOU HAVE NOT REACHED THE AGE OF MAJORITY IN YOUR JURISDICTION, A PARENT OR LEGAL GUARDIAN, MUST READ AND ACCEPT ON YOUR BEHALF.
Contact us at
support@appymonkeys.com
concerning anything you do not understand.
2.IF YOU, OR YOUR PARENT/GUARDIAN ON YOUR BEHALF, DO NOT WISH TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF SERVICE, INCLUDING THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE EXIT THE SERVICE NOW AND DO NOT DOWNLOAD, ACCESS OR USE Appy Monkeys’s SERVICES.
3.Effective Date:
The Privacy Policy detailed herein applies to any and all information that a User may have obtained from or provided to Appy Monkeys. Appy Monkeys reserves the right, at its full and complete discretion and without prior notice, to change, modify, amend, add, subtract, or otherwise remove portions of its Privacy Policy at any time and for any or no reason. Although Appy Monkeys may attempt to email Users a copy of the revised Privacy Policy at the email address on file, if any, please periodically continue to check the Privacy Policy at www.tocaboca.com/privacy for any changes. Such modifications will apply to disputes arising under the Privacy Policy from the date of posting forward. A User’s use of the Service after the posting of any amendments, deletions or other changes to the Privacy Policy will constitute acceptance, acknowledgment and agreement to the respective changes.If any such modification requires Appy Monkeys to provide notice to a parent or receive parental consent, Appy Monkeys will take the steps necessary to comply with those requirements at that time.
4.Types of Data:
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “personal data” means personally identifiable information that specifically identifies a User as an individual.“Non-personal data” means information that does not directly identify a User. Additionally, non-personal data means “aggregate” and “de-personalized” information, which is data Appy Monkeys collects about the use of the Appy Monkeys Service, from which any personally identifiable data has been removed.
5.Information You Provide to Appy Monkeys:
A User may make personal data available to Appy Monkeys such as, for example:
(i) when a parent subscribes to a newsletter or alerts through the parent section of the Service;
(ii) when a parent contributes user generated content to the Service or participates in any support forums, community blogs or the like that Appy Monkeys may establish;
(iii) when a User requests technical support; or
(iv) otherwise through use of the Appy Monkeys Service where personal data is required for use and/or participation.The types of personal data collected may vary depending on the type of activity the User is engaged in. The personal data Appy Monkeys may collect, process and use may include, but are not limited to the User’s name, screen/nick name, Appy Monkeys or third party service ID, e-mail address, photo or other image, birthdate, gender, or avatar image.
6.Other Information Appy Monkeys Collects and Uses:
Appy Monkeys may use tools or third party analytical software to automatically collect and use certain data including, but not limited to:
(i) device properties, including, but not limited to IP address, Media Access Control (“MAC”) address and unique device identifier or other persistent or non-persistent device identifier (“Device ID”);
(ii) device software platform and firmware;
(iii) mobile phone carrier;
(iv) game progress, time used playing, score and achievements;
(v) other non-personal data as reasonably required by Appy Monkeys to enhance the Service and other Appy Monkeys products and services.
7.Use and Sharing of Personal and Non-Personal Data:
Appy Monkeys may use personal and non-personal data, and disclose personal and non-personal data, in accordance with applicable legislation and this Privacy Policy.
          Appy Monkeys may disclose personal and non-personal data to its partners and contractors for purposes of analyzing usage of the Service, providing customer and technical support, managing and providing the Service (including managing advertisement serving, where and how permitted by law), customizing Appy Monkeys’s communications, and to further develop the Service and other Appy Monkeys services and products. When Appy Monkeys shares this information, it is with vendors and other service providers who are engaged by or working with Appy Monkeys in connection with the operation of the services Appy Monkeys provides to the User and/or for analytics purposes which may require the reproduction and display of such information in an aggregated and anonymized manner such that will not in any way identify the User.
          
If a User has agreed to receive push notifications, and appropriate consent to receive them has been given, Appy Monkeys will use the data collected and share it with its vendors for the purpose of delivering approved push notifications.
          If a User contacts Appy Monkeys by email, Appy Monkeys will use the personally identifiable email address information only to respond to the specific inquiry.
          The Service may use “cookies” and other technologies such as pixel tags, locally shared objects, clear GIFs and web beacons. Appy Monkeys treats information collected by cookies and similar technologies as non-personal data.
          Cookies: A “cookie” is a small bit of record-keeping information that websites often store on a user’s computer. Appy Monkeys’s cookies do not include personal data and are typically used to quickly identify a User’s device and to “remember” the User. Users can disable cookies or set their browsers to alert them when cookies are being sent to their device; however, disabling cookies may affect their ability to use the Service.
          
Web Beacons and pixel tags: A “web beacon” or a “pixel tag” is an electronic image that allows Appy Monkeys to count Users who have visited certain pages or viewed certain advertisements. Web beacons, like cookies, do not include personal data. E-mails and other electronic communications Appy Monkeys sends to a User may contain pixel tags that enable Appy Monkeys to track a User’s usage of the communication, including whether the communication was opened and/or what links were followed, if any.
          
Appy Monkeys may disclose a User’s personal data to third parties as required by law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose a User or Appy Monkeys to legal liability. Appy Monkeys may also disclose a User’s personal data to third parties when Appy Monkeys has a reason to believe that a disclosure is necessary to address potential or actual injury or interference with Appy Monkeys’s rights, property, operations, Users or others who may be harmed or may suffer loss or damage, or Appy Monkeys believes that such disclosure is necessary to protect Appy Monkeys’s rights, combat fraud and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on Appy Monkeys. To the extent permitted by applicable law, Appy Monkeys will make reasonable efforts to notify affected Users of such disclosure through Appy Monkeys’s website or in another reasonable manner.
          Appy Monkeys may store and/or transfer User personal data to its affiliates and partners in and outside of EU/EEA member states and the United States in accordance with mandatory legislation and this Privacy Policy. Appy Monkeys may disclose User personal data to third parties in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, restructuring, the sale of substantially all of Appy Monkeys’s stock and/or assets or other corporate change, including, without limitation, during the course of any due diligence process provided, however, that this Privacy Policy shall continue to govern such personal data.
          When a parent discloses data about him or herself in the course of contributing user generated content or participating in support forums, community blogs or the like, the information disclosed is public information, and there is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality. Appy Monkeys is not responsible for any personal data a User makes public in any of these forums.
8. Third Party Terms and Conditions:
A User’s access to and use of the Service may be subject to certain third party terms and conditions and privacy policies, including but not limited to application stores, mobile software platforms, on-line gaming platforms, social networking services and payment providers. Appy Monkeys is not liable for any such third party terms and conditions and their use of Users’ personal data.
          Appy Monkeys may in its discretion make available links through advertisements or otherwise enable Users to access third party products or services. Appy Monkeys is not responsible for the actions of such third parties, the content of their products or services, the use of information a User provides to them, or any products or services they may offer. Appy Monkeys’s linking to those products or services does not constitute its sponsorship of, or affiliation with, such third parties.
9. Data Retention and Accuracy:
Appy Monkeys retains the data collected pursuant to this Privacy Policy for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. Thereafter if the collected data is no longer needed for purposes specified in this Privacy Policy, Appy Monkeys deletes all aforementioned data in its possession within a reasonable timeframe. Appy Monkeys does not verify the accuracy of personal data. Appy Monkeys may still retain some of the data to the extent such retention is necessary to resolve disputes, enforce Appy Monkeys user agreements, and comply with technical and legal requirements and constraints related to the security, integrity and operation of the Service.
10. Security:
Appy Monkeys follows generally accepted industry standards and maintains reasonable safeguards to attempt to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of the information in Appy Monkeys’s possession. Only those persons with a need to process Users’ personal data in connection with the fulfillment of their tasks in accordance with the purposes of this Privacy Policy and for the purposes of performing technical maintenance, have access to Users’ personal data in Appy Monkeys’s possession. Personal data collected by Appy Monkeys is stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public. To prevent unauthorized on-line access to personal data, Appy Monkeys maintains data within a fire-wall protected environment. While Appy Monkeys exercises reasonable care and due diligence in providing a secure conduit of information between a User’s computer or other device and its servers, Appy Monkeys cannot and does not guarantee the security of materials or information transmitted to Appy Monkeys or other Users over the Internet or wirelessly. Therefore, while Appy Monkeys will attempt to protect the transmission of any information using methods which comply with the industry standards, Appy Monkeys does not accept liability for any unintentional disclosure of same.
11. Further Information:
Users that wish to opt-out from receiving communications (such as any newsletters or offers) from Appy Monkeys, should contact support@appymonkeys.com
          Appy Monkeys makes good faith efforts to enable Users to review, update or correct any personal data in Appy Monkeys’s possession. Users should contact Appy Monkeys at support@appymonkeys.com. Appy Monkeys will need sufficient information from the User to establish the User’s identity and to verify the User’s access, and also to assist in handling the User’s request. Even if personal data is changed or deleted according to a User request, Appy Monkeys may still retain some of User personal data to resolve disputes, enforce Appy Monkeys user agreement(s), and comply with technical and legal requirements and constraints related to the integrity, security and operation of Appy Monkeys Services.
Notice to California Residents:
If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by certain members of Appy Monkeys to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. With respect to these entities, this Privacy Policy applies only to their activities within the State of California. To make such a request, please send an email to
support@appymonkeys.com
or write us:
"Appy Monkeys Software Pvt. Ltd.
432/A, 1
st
Floor, "Chiranthana Sankeerna",
4
th
Cross, 9
th
Main HAL 3
rd
Stage,
Bangalore.
Karnataka, India.
Pin-560075."