Last updated: 14.06.2023
Your privacy is important to us. You’ve placed your trust in us by using HandPicked Iceland and we’re committed to protecting and safeguarding any personal data you give us.
By using our app and website you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Types of Data Collected for the app:
PERSONAL DATA
No personally identifiable data is collected as part of using the our app.
USAGE DATA
Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.
Usage Data may include information such as your Device’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect certain information automatically, including, the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever you visit our Service or when you access the Service by or through a mobile device.
INFORMATION COLLECTED WHILE USING THE APPLICATION
While using the HandPicked Iceland app, we may collect, with your prior permission: Information regarding your location.
We use this information to provide features that improve your user experience.
The information may be uploaded to our company’s servers and/or a service provider’s server or it may be simply stored on your device.
You can enable or disable access to this information at any time, through Your Device settings.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Our app contains links to other websites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party’s site. You can review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
CHANGES
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you by the means we have.
We will update the “Last updated” date at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us by email: picky@handpicked.is
Chat with us
, powered by
LiveChat