Word Version
Foyle Cup Entry Form PDF
Foyle Cup 2024
Foyle Cup 2023
Foyle Cup 2022
Foyle Cup 2019
Press Releases
Latest Posts
Discover Northern Ireland
Inner City Trust
The Executive Office
Department of Communities
Tourism Northern Ireland
Seagate Technology
Derry City and Strabane District Council
Causeway Coast and Glens Council
O’Neills
Derry Attractions
Inishowen Attractions
Arts and Culture
Shopping
Country and Forest Parks
Donegal
Sports Grounds and Clubs
Recreation and Leisure
Food & Drink
2015 Tournament
Hughes Insurance Foyle Cup 2015 is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Hughes Insurance Foyle Cup 2015 Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Hughes Insurance Foyle Cup 2015 website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Hughes Insurance Foyle Cup 2015 collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Hughes Insurance Foyle Cup 2015 also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Hughes Insurance Foyle Cup 2015. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Hughes Insurance Foyle Cup 2015 for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Hughes Insurance Foyle Cup 2015 Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Hughes Insurance Foyle Cup 2015 public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Hughes Insurance Foyle Cup 2015 does not read any of your private online communications.
Hughes Insurance Foyle Cup 2015 encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Hughes Insurance Foyle Cup 2015 so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Hughes Insurance Foyle Cup 2015 is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Hughes Insurance Foyle Cup 2015 and Hughes Insurance Foyle Cup 2015 family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
Hughes Insurance Foyle Cup 2015 collects and uses your personal information to operate the Hughes Insurance Foyle Cup 2015 Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Hughes Insurance Foyle Cup 2015 also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Hughes Insurance Foyle Cup 2015 and its affiliates. Hughes Insurance Foyle Cup 2015 may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Hughes Insurance Foyle Cup 2015 does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Hughes Insurance Foyle Cup 2015 may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Hughes Insurance Foyle Cup 2015 may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Hughes Insurance Foyle Cup 2015, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Hughes Insurance Foyle Cup 2015 does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Hughes Insurance Foyle Cup 2015 keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within Hughes Insurance Foyle Cup 2015, in order to determine what Hughes Insurance Foyle Cup 2015 services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Hughes Insurance Foyle Cup 2015 to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Hughes Insurance Foyle Cup 2015 Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Hughes Insurance Foyle Cup 2015 or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Hughes Insurance Foyle Cup 2015; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Hughes Insurance Foyle Cup 2015, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Hughes Insurance Foyle Cup 2015 Web site use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Hughes Insurance Foyle Cup 2015 pages, or register with Hughes Insurance Foyle Cup 2015 site or services, a cookie helps Hughes Insurance Foyle Cup 2015 to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Hughes Insurance Foyle Cup 2015 Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Hughes Insurance Foyle Cup 2015 features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Hughes Insurance Foyle Cup 2015 services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Hughes Insurance Foyle Cup 2015 secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Hughes Insurance Foyle Cup 2015 secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
Hughes Insurance Foyle Cup 2015 will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Hughes Insurance Foyle Cup 2015 encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Hughes Insurance Foyle Cup 2015 is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Hughes Insurance Foyle Cup 2015 welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Hughes Insurance Foyle Cup 2015 has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Hughes Insurance Foyle Cup 2015 at
refjohn@me.com
. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Comments
Send a Comment
No Comments
Cancel reply
You may use these
HTML
tags and attributes:
<a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong>
Current ye@r
*
Leave this field empty