ABBYY Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Which types of personal data does ABBYY collect about you, and how do we collect it?
Why and on what legal basis does ABBYY use your information?
Google Analytics and other third-party analytics services
With whom does ABBYY share information collected?
Where does ABBYY store the personal data that we collect from you?
Third-party links
What do we do to protect the personal data we collect from you?
How long do we store your personal data?
What if a child sends ABBYY her/his personal data?
Your rights
How can you contact us?
How and when does ABBYY change this Policy?
Cookie Policy
Archived Policies
Vocabulary
ABBYY Privacy Notice
Effective Date: 31 October, 2024
Privacy Notice, 01.07.2023
Privacy Notice, 25.12.2020
Privacy Notice, 31.12.2019
Privacy Notice, 22.07.2016
view archived versions
Introduction
ABBYY USA Software House, Inc. (“ABBYY,” “we” or “us”) has provided this Privacy Notice (“Privacy Notice”) on websites (the “Websites” or the “Sites”) that were created to provide a platform for sales, registration, and support for ABBYY's optical character recognition, process intelligence, data capture, linguistics, and translation products and services.
ABBYY is committed to maintaining your privacy. Privacy Notice outlines our privacy practices, including the types of information that you may provide to us, how we use such information and the choices you have regarding our use of that information. We may collect the information through our Websites or our mobile apps (“Apps”); when you purchase, register or use our products through computers or mobile devices; through our online support services; or through email messages that we send to you (collectively, including all online methods, the “Services”), or offline, such as when you attend one of our trade shows or contact our customer service line. Our Privacy Notice applies to (i) casual visitors to our Sites (including whose who request information on our Websites via web-forms), who do not participate in the Services (“Sites Visitors”), (ii) individuals who purchase or register products through Websites or otherwise participate in our Services (“Registered Users”), (iii) users of our products and (iv) individuals whose information we obtain offline (collectively, including Sites Visitors, Registered Users, users of products, and other individuals, “you”).
1. Notice.
1.1. The Types of Information You May Provide
Information you may provide or that we may collect from you while visiting our Sites or while participating in our Services falls into three broad categories: (i) Personally Identifiable Information, (ii) Activities Information, and (iii) Anonymous Information.
2. General; Exceptions.
Providing your Personally Identifiable Information to us through the Services confirms your agreement to be bound by this Privacy Notice.
2.1. Receiving Electronic Communications from Us.
You can opt-out of receiving bulletins, updates, the ABBYY newsletter, or other marketing-related materials by clicking on the unsubscribe on the bottom of each marketing e-mail.
2.2. Exception for Administrative Messages.
Please understand that if you choose not to receive marketing-related messages from us, we may still send you important administrative messages, such as notices concerning operation of Websites or other Services, products you have purchased, downloaded or registered for, and legal and other related notices concerning your relationship with ABBYY and Sites. You cannot opt-out from receiving administrative messages.
3. Collection, Use and Sharing of Information.
3.1. Our Collection of Personally Identifiable Information.
We and certain service providers operating on our behalf collect Personally Identifiable Information from you. Personally Identifiable Information may be collected as part of the normal operation of our products and Services, for example, when contained in data that you or we capture, convert or translate using our products or in connection with your use of other features of our Services. For the 12-month period prior to the date of this Privacy Notice, the following explains the Personally Identifiable Information that is collected, where we got it from, why it is needed, and with whom we shared it:
3.2 Do Not Track.
Do Not Track (DNT) is a privacy preference that users can set in some web browsers, allowing users to opt out of tracking by websites and online services. At the present time, the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) has not yet established universal standards for recognizable DNT signals and therefore, ABBYY and the Sites do not recognize DNT.
3.3. Additional Uses of Personally Identifiable Information.
In addition to the categories of recipients identified above, we may use and share the categories of Personally Identifiable Information identified above as follows:
3.3.1. Administrative Communications.
We may send administrative information to you, for example, information regarding the Services and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
3.3.2. Other Business Purposes.
We use Personally Identifiable Information for our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, fraud monitoring and prevention, developing new products, enhancing, improving or modifying our Services, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and operating and expanding our business activities.
3.3.3. To Protect Our Rights.
We may use Personally Identifiable Information as we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our Affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our Affiliates, you or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
3.3.4. Transfer of Assets.
ABBYY may transfer to a third party information it collects, including any Personally Identifiable Information, in connection with a sale or other corporate transaction of all or substantially all of the assets of the business entity responsible for the information under this Notice.
3.3.5. Aggregate or Anonymous Non-Personal Information.
We may also share or sell non-identifiable aggregate or anonymous information with our Affiliates, agents, service providers, business partners, or other third parties for their marketing or analytics uses or for other lawful purposes. This type of non-identifiable and aggregate information cannot be used to identify you personally.
4. Security.
We have put in place security systems designed to reasonably protect against unauthorized access to or disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information you provide to us, and we take reasonable steps to secure and safeguard this Information. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised), please immediately notify us of the problem by contacting us in accordance with
Section 11
(Contact Us).
5. Quality / data integrity.
We rely on you to provide us complete and accurate personal information and to contact us if correction of such information is required.
6. Banner ads; advertising profiles.
Our Websites may include the use of banner ad partners for the serving and targeting of ads, promotions, and other marketing messages. Ads may be provided, in some cases, by advertisers. These advertisers may use traditional banner ads, or other advertising methods, such as advertising using profiles and related Content. An advertiser may place or utilize its own cookie on your browser, and may use information about your visit to our Sites, such as the number of times you have viewed the ad. If the advertiser requests that you provide to it Personally Identifiable Information, please be aware that this advertiser's use and collection of this information will be governed by its own Privacy Notice, and not our Privacy Notice. We recommend that you review the advertiser's Privacy Notice before providing Personally Identifiable Information. To learn more information about your choices concerning interest-based ads, visit
https://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/what-are-my-options
or
www.aboutads.info/choices
The Websites may use Google Firebase Analytics and the third-party cookie DoubleClick to optimize our Websites based on the traffic we receive and assist with marketing. To learn more about Google Firebase Analytics, including options for opting out and/or managing the ads you may see, please visit
“How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps”
.
7. Children’s Privacy.
Due to federal law (as reflected in the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act), YOU MUST BE AT LEAST 13 YEARS OLD TO USE OUR SITES AND SERVICES. IF YOU ARE BETWEEN 13 AND THE APPLICABLE AGE OF MAJORITY, PLEASE REVIEW THIS AGREEMENT WITH YOUR PARENT OR GUARDIAN.
vThe Websites does not knowingly solicit or collect personally identifiable information online from children under the age of 13 without prior verifiable parental consent. If we learn that a child under the age of 13 has submitted personally identifiable information online without parental consent, it will take all reasonable measures to delete such information from its databases and to not use such information for any purpose (except where necessary to protect the safety of the child or others as required or allowed by law). If you become aware of any personally identifiable information we have collected from children under 13, please email us at
dataprotection@abbyy.com
.
Minors under 18 years of age may have the personal information that they provide to us deleted by sending an email to dataprotection@abbyy.com requesting deletion. Please note that, while we make reasonable efforts to comply with such requests, deletion of your personal information does not ensure complete and comprehensive removal of that data from all systems.
8. Notification of changes.
From time to time, ABBYY may change its Privacy Notice. If we make any material changes, we will post the new Privacy Notice at the privacy link on our Websites.
9.Relationship to terms of use and other contracts.
This Privacy Notice must be read in conjunction with our
Terms of Use
and the provisions of our Terms of Use are incorporated herein. To the extent the Terms of Use conflict with the terms of this Privacy Notice, the terms of this Privacy Notice will control. Moreover, to the extent this Privacy Notice conflicts with the terms and conditions of any specific agreement you enter with us, the terms and conditions of such specific agreement will control.
10. Your California Privacy Rights
This Supplemental Privacy Notice for California Residents (“California Notice”) supplements the information contained in the Privacy Notice and applies solely to consumers who reside in California. As required by the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (collectively, the “CCPA”), this California Notice is intended to provide certain disclosures about our handling of California consumers’ personal information and provide additional information with regard to the rights that California consumers have with respect to their personal information.
Categories of Personal Information Collected
In limited circumstances, we may also collect categories of personal information that may be considered sensitive personal information. These categories are further described in Section 3.1. Our Collection of Personally Identifiable Information.
We have disclosed the above categories of personal information for business purposes in the preceding 12 months. Business purposes for disclosing personal information include performing services, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions and verifying customer information, processing payments, providing advertising or marketing services, providing analytics services or providing similar services; detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity and prosecuting those responsible for that activity; debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality. We do not use or disclose sensitive personal data for any purpose not permitted by the CCPA.
The categories of sources from which we collect personal information include:
Directly from you;
From automated means, devices and our network; and
From other sources and third parties (e.g., references, recruiters, social media sites, marketing vendors and alike).
ABBYY may transfer to a third party information it collects, including any Personally Identifiable Information, in connection with a sale or other corporate transaction of all or substantially all of the assets of the business entity responsible for the information under this Notice.
If you are a California resident, you may request information about our disclosure of personal information to third parties or our Affiliates for their direct marketing purposes. To make such request, please contact us as set forth in Section 11 below. Please allow up to 30 days for us to process your request. You may submit such a request once per year.
If you are a California resident, California law provides you with the following rights with respect to your personal information:
The right to know what personal information we have collected, used, disclosed and sold about you. To submit a request to know, visit
ABBYY Data Subjects Access Requests
(DSAR) form. You also may designate an authorized agent to make a request for access on your behalf on our Websites via
ABBYY DSAR
form.
The right to request that we delete any personal information we have collected about you. To submit a request for deletion, visit
ABBYY DSAR
form. You also may designate an authorized agent to make a request for deletion on your behalf on our Websites via
ABBYY DSAR
form.
You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information by sending the request via
“Do Not Sell My Personal Information”
form. You also may designate an authorized agent to make a request to opt-out of the sale of your personal on your behalf by sending the request via visiting
“Do Not Sell My Personal Information”
form. Please see below for the categories of personal information we have sold about you in the preceding 12 months.
When you exercise these rights and submit a request to us, we will verify your identity by asking you to verify your email address and communicating with us via ABBYY DSAR form or “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” form.
You will not be discriminated against for exercising any of your rights described in this Policy. Please note that these rights may be subject to further conditions, limitations and/or exemptions under applicable data protection laws. If any of the rights listed above are not provided under law for your jurisdiction, we have absolute discretion in providing you with these rights.
You may designate an authorized agent to make a request to access or a request to delete on your behalf. To do so, you must: (1) provide that authorized agent written and signed permission to submit such a request; and (2) verify your own identity directly with us. Please note, we may deny a request from an authorized agent that does not submit proof that they have been authorized by you to act on your behalf. We will respond to your authorized agent's request if they submit proof that they are registered with the California Secretary of State to be able to act on your behalf, or submit evidence you have provided them with power of attorney pursuant to California Probate Code section 4121-4130. We may deny requests from authorized agents who do not submit proof that they have been authorized by you to act on their behalf, or are unable to verify their identity.
To manage the use of cookies, please click on the cookie banner where you can unsubscribe from marketing and analytical cookies.
For the 12-month period prior to the date of this Privacy Policy, we have sold the following categories of personal information about you:
identifiers such as a unique personal identifier (such as a device identifier; cookies, beacons, pixel tags, mobile ad identifiers and similar technology), online identifier, Internet Protocol address, and other similar identifiers;
internet and other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with Websites, Apps or advertisements; and
inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a profile about you reflecting your preferences, characteristics, psychological trends.
commercial information, including purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies;
As is common practice among companies that operate online, we may share limited personal information with certain third parties, including non-affiliated advertising partners for purposes of targeting advertisements on non-ABBYY websites, applications and services. In addition, we may allow certain Advertising Partners to collect personal information from our websites and services using cookies, web beacons, mobile advertising identifiers and other technologies. These advertising partners may use this information to display online advertisements tailored to your interests and preferences across your browsers and devices and to conduct ad campaign measurement and website analytics.
ABBYY The Company will retain Personal Information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Notice unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83, California residents with an established business relationship with us can request information once a year about sharing their personal information with third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. We do not share personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
11. Contact us.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice, the practices of this Site or our Services, or to request this Privacy Notice in another format, please contact us at:
ABBYY DSAR form
ABBYY “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” form
Privacy Officer
ABBYY USA Software House, Inc.
600 Congress Avenue, Suite 15015, Austin, Texas 78701, USA
Email:
dataprotection@abbyy.com
Tel:
408-457-9777
COPYRIGHT AND LEGAL NOTICE. Copyright © 2023 ABBYY. All Rights Reserved.