Can I cancel my trial before I get charged?
Of course, you can, it wouldn’t be called a trial if you couldn’t. To cancel the trial just follow the unsubscribe procedure below.
I uninstalled the game, why am I still getting charged?
Because you are still subscribed.
Payment, subscriptions, and trials are handled by Apple depending on the platform you use.
App uninstall does not mean you unsubscribed
.
To unsubscribe follow the steps below.
How do I unsubscribe?
Payment, subscriptions and trials are handled by Apple. The only way you can unsubscribe is through the platform, not our app. This applies to all apps on the market, not just ours.
iPhone users can unsubscribe through
Apple ID Subscriptions Page
You can find detailed instructions on
Apple’s support page
if you need more help.
Once unsubscribed you will be able to enjoy the game in full until the end of the subscription period or trial period, but there will be no more automatic payments going forward.
Why do I have to pay for this game?
Sorry to hear that. We include enough free content in every game that will last you at least one party, maybe even three!
Unfortunately, we do not live in a money-less society. We would also love free stuff! But alas, we must pay for stuff as well (we are snobs that like to use toilet paper and not our hands). You guys help us with that, and for that, we are truly grateful. This way we get to work on what we love full time. Making party games! And it shows in the quality. We make sure you guys have fun and make great memories together. It’s a win-win!
How do I get a refund?
Refunds are done by Apple, please follow instructions on this link
App Store Refunds
.
Can you guys please translate this game to XY language?
If you want the game translated to your language please sends us an e-mail and we will consider it based on the interest.
Privacy Policy
Legal Notice
Trademarks and Copyright
All trademarks presented on this web site are property of their respective owners. Copyright: © Daygames. All right reserved.
Submissions
Please note that any submissions to Daygames of any nature whatsoever, whether through this site or otherwise, and whether via electronic or other means don’t generate or produce any legal or real obligations and liabilities to/for Daygames (for example obligations to submitter). By making a submission to Daygames, you hereby agree to all of the foregoing.
Privacy Statement
Introduction
This Privacy Statement applies to this Daygames site and all official and by Daygames made websites and web pages and Daygames related products and services.
Daygames respect the privacy rights of our online visitors and are committed to protecting the personal information collected about you.
Warning
Please note that this Privacy Statement applies to all information submitted and collected online through the websites and web pages mentioned above, and it also applies to information that may be collected by Daygames in other online ways or offline. However, this Privacy Statement doesn’t apply websites and web pages started and/or maintained by other companies or organizations. Daygames cannot and does not guarantee the security of any personal information disclosed on those sites.
By using and submitting personal information to Daygames, you signify your assent to this Privacy Statement. If you do not agree to this Privacy Statement, please do not visit our websites and web pages and do not use our products or product features where an customer registration (account registration) is required. We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Statement at anytime. Your continued visits to our websites and web pages and/or using our products and product features where customer registrations (account registration) is require will signify your acceptance of these changes. Daygames reserves rights to use your submitted email address to keep you informed about Daygames products, updates, news and promotional activities, such as sales and give-aways (but we won’t do it).
Daygames only collects personal information from you on a voluntary basis when you submit this personal information. The exception is information automatically collected by our domain server and its utilities, such as country, operating system, web browser and similar.
Outer Links
You should be aware that while you are on the Daygames websites and web pages you could be directed to other websites and web pages that are beyond our control. Therefore we recommend that you read their privacy statement/policy before you use their site/pages or submit any of your personal information. Daygames does not guarantee for any such web sites and / or links. You are surfing at your of responsibility and risk.
Collecting Information
The types of information collected from you on a voluntary basis will vary depending on the activity. The information we collect may include personal information such as your first and/or last name, e-mail address, phone number, mailing address, and for those purchasing a product/service online, credit card and shipping information. In addition, we may collect demographic information such as your age or date of birth, gender, occupation, interests, favourite styles of gaming and the systems or games you own or plan to buy. If demographic information is collected for an activity that also requires personal information, we may combine the demographic information with your personal information. On pages where you can send content to a third party; although we ask for a recipient’s email address, usually we won’t store this information, but rather will delete it from our system after the message is sent.
Whatever the activity may be and no matter how we use your information, we will only collect information to the extent deemed reasonably necessary to fulfil your requests and our legitimate business objectives.
Daygames provide on its websites and web pages e-mail addresses to which visitors can send us questions or comments, or which visitors can use to request customer support. In the process of receiving and responding to such requests, we may collect personal information about you, such as your e-mail address or any other personal data contained in the body of your e-mail message. By allowing you to send us these requests, we are not attempting to solicit personal information from you. We only use the information for the purpose of responding to your questions and/or comments or to provide customer support. In most cases your message will be kept on file for our records or for quality control purposes.
Daygames may use cookies on its website. A “cookie” is a small bit of record-keeping information that websites often store on a user’s computer. Cookies generally do not include people’s names, e-mail addresses, or other information that is personally identifiable; they are typically used to quickly identify a user’s computer and to “remember” things about the user’s visit (such as the products placed in your shopping cart). You can always disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent to your computer.
Daygames may also keep track of Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for safety and security reasons. An IP address is a number that is used by computers on the network to identify your computer every time you log on to the Internet.
Sharing of Collected Information
Daygames does not share your personal information with any third parties, except as required by law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose you or us to legal liability.
Reviews, Corrections and Complaints
If for any reason you wish to review or correct the personal information collected about you, or you have a complaint, please send an email.
Data deletion
If for any reason you wish to delete your data, please contact us using our support e-mail.