Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy was last revised on December 11, 2024.
The purpose of this notice is to provide information on the processing of personal data related to the use of Xeropan (available via internet browser and mobile phone application) and the interactive language teaching material, software and interface to those to whom the personal data relates (data subjects). This notice does not cover the use of Xeropan in Hungarian public education logged in with the Cretan DKT system, in which case this notice does not apply. The processing of data related to the Xeropan Classroom application for language teachers is not covered by this notice, and the information on the Xeropan Classroom application for language teachers is not information on this information can be found
here
.
1. Data controller data
Xeropan International Ltd.
1.1. Headquarters: 4026 Debrecen, Hunyadi János utca 22. 3. em. Door 1.
1.2. Tax number: 26304706-2-09
1.3. Company registration number: 09-09-029639
1.4. Representative: M. Attila AlGharawi, Managing Director
1.5. Email: info@xeropan.com.
2. Specificities of data management
The purpose of the Xeropan web and mobile application is to provide users with interactive language learning materials, to enable their effective use and to guide them in their language learning (hereinafter: the Service). The data processing by the Data Controller is governed by Act CXII of 2011 on the Right to Informational Self-Determination and Freedom of Information (hereinafter: Info.tv.) and, where applicable, by Act CXII of 2001 on certain aspects of electronic commerce services and information society services (hereinafter: the Act). Act CVIII of 2007 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Regulation (EC) No 95/46/EC (hereinafter referred to as GDPR), and Act XLVIII of 2008 on the basic conditions and certain restrictions of commercial advertising (hereinafter referred to as Grt.). The Service Provider does not verify the personal data provided to it, nor their authenticity. The Service User shall be entitled to provide only his/her own personal data and shall refrain from providing data of third parties. The Services may only be used by persons over the age of 18.
2.1.
Data processing necessary for the operation of the Xeropan website
2.1.1.
Visiting Xeropan's website (even without accessing the language learning interfaces) and using the Xeropan web application (i.e. the Xeropan application accessible via an internet browser) involves the processing of personal data. Some of this data is necessary to enable the website to be displayed, to be accessible to visitors, to enable its functions to work, and to enable the web application to function and perform its functions. The use of the web application also requires additional processing of data, as described in section 2.2 below. The main features of this processing:
2.1.2. The data processed include: the identifier of the computer (IP address) of the data subject, the type of browser used by the data subject, the date and time of the visit, user activity, user preferences (such as: accessibility settings). This data in this form is not suitable for the Controller to personally identify the data subject and the Controller will not take steps to identify the owner of the IP address, except in compliance with a legal obligation and under the conditions set out therein. The use of the web application requires additional processing as described in section 2.2 below.
2.1.3. Data Subjects: persons accessing and using xeropan.com (including all its subdomains and directories, hereinafter referred to as the "Website"), including users of web applications.
2.1.4. Legal basis for processing: processing necessary for the performance of a contract between the parties (i.e. to enable the use of the website and the Xeropan web application) pursuant to Article 6 (1) (b) of the GDPR (pursuant to Article 13/A (3) of Act CVIII of 2001 on certain aspects of electronic commerce services and information society services).
2.1.5. The purpose of data processing is: to operate the website, to perform the Service, to monitor the operation of the Service.
2.1.6. Duration of processing: 365 days from the date of accessing the website.
2.2.
The data processing required for the operation of the Xeropan applications (including, but not limited to, downloading, installing, running, and using the application on web, iOS, and Android platforms) is supplemented by the provisions in section 2.3 regarding the features that use artificial intelligence, as outlined below.
2.2.1.
For the Xeropan applications to work as expected and in accordance with the needs and preferences of the data subject, it is necessary for the Data Controller to process certain personal data of the data subject as follows:
2.2.2. The data processed include: the IP address, unique device identifier, country, time zone, date of last activity, first name, surname, image of the data subject (if provided in the user account created in connection with the Services or if accessed by the Data Controller when connecting to Facebook or Google), date of registration, login data corresponding to the chosen login method (in particular: Google account login data, Facebook ID, Apple ID, email address), Google and/or Facebook friends (only if the data subject has consented to the processing of these data on the relevant platform), user application settings (such as: purchases, subscriptions, loads, data related to user activity and learning (in particular: xp's collected, tasks solved, lessons solved, league positions, learning goal set, language proficiency level set, time spent in the application, words learned, languages learned). The Data Controller also uses a unique identifier (ID) to identify the data subject in connection with the use of the application.
2.2.3. Affected: users of Xeropan applications (on any platform).
2.2.4. Legal basis for processing: processing necessary for the performance of the contract between the parties (i.e. the provision of the Service) in accordance with Article 6(1)(b) of the GDPR.
2.2.5. Purpose of the processing: to ensure that the Xeropan application functions as expected and in accordance with the needs and preferences of the data subject (including in particular: ensuring the general functioning of the application, providing gamified functionality and personalised user experience, providing language learning content, sending messages related to operation, performance, ensuring secure and traceable operation, enabling login and access to user accounts, managing subscriptions).
2.2.6. Duration of processing: until the data subject sends the Controller a request for erasure. The Data Controller shall delete the data from its system immediately upon receipt of the request, but within 1 month at the latest, and in the case of registered users, immediately after deletion of the user account.
2.2.7. Xeropan applications may also include content and services provided by third parties (such as other service providers), which may involve the processing of data by these third parties. In particular, but not exclusively, YouTube videos are available in Xeropan, for which the Data Controller uses YouTube API Services, to which Google's Privacy Policy applies, available at the following link:
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy.
2.3. Data processing required for the operation of artificial intelligence functionalities in the Xeropan applications (web, iOS, and Android platforms)
The Data Controller informs the data subjects that the operation of artificial intelligence features does not require the provision of actual personal data during task completion. Therefore, the Data Controller asks the data subjects not to provide any personal data when using these features.
2.3.1. Content and functionality available in the Xeropan applications that use artificial intelligence (the Xeropan application will notify users before accessing these features or lessons). In connection with these functionalities, the Data Controller engages an external artificial intelligence service provider to whom personal data will be transmitted. The details of these data processing activities are as follows:
2.3.2.
Scope of processed data
: During the use of these features, the data provided or made available by the data subject (such as the content of written answers given by the data subject or audio recordings made during verbal communication), logging data (IP address, browser type and certain settings, request date and time), approximate geographical location (based on IP address), and user activity-related data or data arising from it.
2.3.3.
Data subjects
: Users of the Xeropan applications (on any platform) who use the artificial intelligence features.
2.3.4.
Legal basis for data processing:
Data processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between the parties, as required by Article 6(1)(b) of the GDPR (i.e., to provide the Service).
2.3.5.
Purpose of data processing:
To provide language learning content and make language practice tasks available.
2.3.6.
Duration of data processing:
Until the data subject sends a request for deletion. After receiving the request, the Data Controller will delete the data from the system promptly, but no later than one month, or immediately after the deletion of the user account for registered users.
2.4. Data processing for the further development of Xeropan applications and their content based on user needs
2.4.1. The Data Controller strives to provide users with the best learning experience through content and software. To achieve this, the Data Controller conducts data processing activities to derive conclusions about what developments and changes should be made to the Xeropan applications and content. In doing so, among other things, the Data Controller examines how the data subjects use the applications and what steps they take as users. The data subject’s consent can be withdrawn at any time through the Privacy Settings menu in the Xeropan mobile app, on the web app, or via the cookie management tool on the website.
2.4.2.
Scope of processed data
: Information about the device used by the data subject (device type, model, operating system and version number), geolocation data (not precise location), session origin (which platform the data subject accessed the app from), in-app events (such as first app login, lesson loading, trial period initiation, subscription purchase), how the data subject registered (via Apple, Google, or Facebook), the data subject's specific app characteristics (PRO subscriber status, ongoing trial period, learning level, duration of regular learning sessions), user or device identifiers, features of the learning content used (languages studied, language levels, learning classes, lessons opened and completed), student performance data (learning statistics, collected points and stars), the user identification method in the app (guest, via Facebook, Google, or AppleID), subscription status (free, PRO, trial period).
2.4.3.
Data subjects
: Users of the Xeropan applications (on any platform).
2.4.4.
Legal basis for data processing:
Normally, based on the legitimate interest of the Data Controller under Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR, with the exception that geolocation data, session origin, and user/device identifiers are processed based on the voluntary consent of the data subject as per Article 6(1)(a) of the GDPR. The consent can be withdrawn at any time.
2.4.5.
Purpose of data processing:
To improve, develop, and modify the Service.
2.4.6.
Duration of data processing:
7 years (but no longer than until the data subject withdraws consent, if the processing is based on the data subject's consent).
2.5.
Measuring the effectiveness of advertising
2.5.1.
The purpose of measuring the effectiveness of advertisements is to understand the effectiveness and efficiency of advertisements, enabling the Data Controller to launch more successful advertising campaigns. The processing of personal data helps the Data Controller to determine which advertisements are working effectively and enables it to tailor its advertising practices accordingly. Consent can be withdrawn at any time by using the cookie management tool in the Settings interface of the Xeropan mobile application, under Privacy Settings, in the web application and on the website.
2.5.2. Data processed: session origin (from which platform the data subject came from), in-app events (such as first access to the app, loading lessons, starting a trial, purchasing a subscription), user or device identifiers.
2.5.3. Affected parties: users of Xeropan applications (on any platform), other potential visitors to the Xeropan website (even if they do not open the learning interface).
2.5.4. Legal basis for processing: voluntary consent of the data subject pursuant to Article 6(1)(a) GDPR. The data subject's consent may be withdrawn at any time.
2.5.5. Purpose of the processing: to draw conclusions that may be useful for the Data Controller's advertising activities through the aggregated analysis of the personal data of a large number of data subjects.
2.5.6. Duration of processing: 7 years (but not longer than until the withdrawal of the data subject's consent).
2.6.
Targeted advertising
2.6.1.
From time to time, the Data Controller may conduct targeted online marketing campaigns. This means that advertisements are targeted to individuals who have previously interacted with the Data Controller, for example through in-app activity or other user actions. The data subject may receive personalised ads based on their previous activity. Thus, the data subject may see personalised ads targeted to him or her on Xeropan in online platforms, based on an analysis of his or her previous activity. Consent can be withdrawn at any time by using the cookie management tool in the Settings interface of the Xeropan mobile application, under Privacy settings, in the web application and on the website.
2.6.2. Data processed: specific characteristics of the curricula used (languages learnt, language levels, classes, lessons opened and completed), data describing student performance (learning statistics, scores and stars collected).
2.6.3. Affected: users of Xeropan applications (on any platform), visitors to the Xeropan website (even if they do not open the learning interface).
2.6.4. Legal basis for processing: voluntary consent of the data subject pursuant to Article 6(1)(a) GDPR. The data subject's consent may be withdrawn at any time.
2.6.5. Purpose of the processing: targeted and personalised advertising, offers and discounts based on the data subject's past behaviour.
2.6.6. Duration of processing: 7 years (but not longer than until the withdrawal of the data subject's consent).
2.7.
Sending newsletters to the data subject, investigation of data subject behaviour in relation to newsletters
2.7.1.
The Service Provider will send newsletters and similar requests to those data subjects who subscribe to them. By registering in Xeropan, the data subject can subscribe to receive newsletters or other promotional material, offers and information from the Data Controller. The data subject has the right to withdraw his or her consent at any time, free of charge, by clicking on "Unsubscribe" at the bottom of the newsletter, by sending an email to the Service Provider's customer service. After unsubscribing, the Data Controller shall not send the data subject any further newsletters or other promotional communications and shall delete the data subject's data from the list of data subjects subscribed to the newsletter.
2.7.2. The purposes of the processing are: sending newsletters or other promotional mailings, providing up-to-date information, sending system messages and notifications about the use of the Service. In order to measure the interactions of the data subject with the newsletter, the Service Provider uses a newsletter tracking code (mailgun, MailChimp), which provides feedback on the opening and reading of the newsletter and on the clicks on the newsletter.
2.7.3. Data subjects: recipients of the Controller's newsletters.
2.7.4. Legal basis for data processing: voluntary consent of the data subject, Article 6 (1) (a) of the GDPR, § 13/A of the Eker tv. § 6 (1). The consent of the data subject may be withdrawn at any time.
2.7.5. The data processed include: email address, date and time of subscription, opening and clicking on the newsletter.
2.7.6. Duration of data processing: until the data subject unsubscribes, but not longer than the period during which the Data Controller sends newsletters.
2.8.
Send push messages
2.8.1.
The Data Controller sends so-called push messages (messages that appear as notifications on the device running the application) to users of Xeropan mobile applications, subject to the consent of the data subject. Consent to push messages can be withdrawn at any time in the settings of the data subject's mobile phone, via the Xeropan application settings.
2.8.2. Legal basis for data processing: the data subject's voluntary consent, the Info tv. Article 5 (1) (b) of the Info Act, Article 6 (1) (a) of the GDPR, Article 13/A of the Eker tv. 6 (1) of the Data Protection Act.
2.8.3. Data subjects: users of the Xeropan applications (on any platform), visitors to the Xeropan website (even if they do not access the learning interface). The data subject's consent may be withdrawn at any time.
2.8.4. Scope of the data processed: unique device identifier.
2.8.5. Purpose of the processing: to communicate with data subjects, to send messages related to Xeropan (including in particular advertisements and offers) by push messages to the data subject.
2.8.6. Duration of data processing: until consent is withdrawn, but not longer than the period during which the Data Controller sends push messages.
2.9.
Customer correspondence, complaint handling
2.9.1.
The data subject has the right to lodge a complaint orally, electronically or in writing in relation to the services provided by the Data Controller pursuant to Act CLV of 1997 on Consumer Protection (Act on Consumer Protection). The Data Controller shall also receive requests and comments that may not fall within this scope.
2.9.2. Legal basis for processing: the data subject's voluntary consent pursuant to Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR or the fulfilment of a legal obligation pursuant to Article 6 (1) (c) GDPR, pursuant to paragraphs (3) to (5) of Article 17/A of the Act on the Protection of Personal Data. The consent of the data subject may be withdrawn at any time.
2.9.3. Stakeholders: complainants and interested parties.
2.9.4. The scope of the data processed: the full name, email address and other data voluntarily provided by the data subject, as well as other data specified in paragraph (5) of Article 17/A of the Act on the Protection of Personal Data.
2.9.5. The purpose of data processing: to record the comments and questions of the data subject in order to improve the Service, to monitor its operation, to handle the data subject's complaints.
2.9.6. Duration of data processing: until the complaint is investigated, or 3 years from the date of the written record in the case of a written record.
2.10.
Data management related to social media platforms
2.10.1. The Data Controller maintains pages and publishes content on the following social media platforms: Facebook, Instagram, TikTok, LinkedIn. E platformokhoz kapcsolódó egyes – az Adatkezelő által esetlegesen, időről, időre, de nem szükségszerűen végzett – tevékenységekhez (így különösen a szolgáltató által nyújtott oldal statisztikák eléréséhez) kapcsolódóan az adott platform üzemeltetőjével közös adatkezelőnek minősül. The terms and conditions and agreement for this joint processing are available at the links below:
Facebook
and
Instagram
,
LinkedIn
,
TikTok
.
2.11.
Other data processing
The Data Controller shall provide information on any additional processing not listed in this Notice at the time of the recording of the data. The court, the prosecutor, the investigating authority, the law enforcement authority, the administrative authority, the National Authority for Data Protection and Freedom of Information, or other bodies authorized by law may request the Controller to provide information, to disclose or transfer data, or to provide documents. The Data Controller shall disclose to the authorities - if the authority has indicated the exact purpose and scope of the data - personal data only to the extent and to the extent that is indispensable for the lawful implementation and fulfilment of the purpose of the request and the legal obligation.
2.12.
Cookies and other tracking tools
2.12.1.
In a web environment (i.e. when using an internet browser), the use of cookies may be necessary for the correct functioning of certain functions of the Service, which in other cases may also provide certain convenience functions for the data subject and support the marketing activities of the Data Controller.
Cookies placed by the Data Controller may, for example, allow the Data Controller to identify the computer of the data subject (IP address), to know his/her browsing data. The cookie may contain information that can be used to identify the data subject (User ID), which is processed by the Data Controller in particular in order to provide its services in accordance with the preferences, needs and interests of the data subject and to facilitate the use of the Service by the data subject. The data subject may disable or delete the use of cookies in his or her browser at any time, however, in the case of certain necessary cookies, this may cause certain functions of the Service to function incorrectly.
2.12.2. The Data Controller uses the following types of cookies on the Xeropan website and in the Xeropan web application (the tool at the bottom of the interface allows you to read the description of each cookie separately and to give or refuse/deny consent for each group separately):
2.12.2.1.
Necessary:
the use of which is essential for the proper and correct functioning of the website or application.
2.12.2.2.
Functional:
the use of these cookies helps improve the performance of the site or application and allows for personalisation.
2.12.2.3.
Statistical:
allows the Data Controller to collect anonymous data related to the website to understand the usage patterns of the website and the application, and to improve the application based on user behaviour.
2.12.2.4.
Marketing:
to enable the presentation of relevant advertisements to the data subject, based on the data subject's activity, and to support the Data Controller's marketing activities with information (by measuring the effectiveness of the advertisements).
2.12.3. The Data Controller may, but not necessarily always, use third-party tracking codes, which use cookies or other similar means to identify the data subject on web interfaces. Accordingly, based on your browsing history and activity, advertisements may be presented to the data subject. The Data Controller may provide third party advertising service providers with the possibility to publish advertisements when using the Service. These advertising service providers may place cookies on the computer and/or mobile phone of the data subject in order to track their browsing data, the advertisements viewed, in order to provide their own service in accordance with the needs and interests of the data subject. This Notice does not apply to, and the Data Controller shall not be liable for, the data management practices of these external advertising service providers.
2.12.4. In order to better understand the use of the Service by the data subject, the Data Controller is assisted by external service providers (in particular Google Analytics) to measure and audit the traffic and other analytical data of the Xeropan website and the Xeropan web and mobile application. These external service providers may use cookies, APIs and other tools in their operations, which allow them to collect and process data for the Service Provider. This Notice does not apply to, and unless otherwise provided by law, the Controller shall not be liable for, the data processing practices of these external service providers. The data subject can find out about their data processing at the following address:
https://www.google.com/analytics/
2.13.5. The tools listed in point 2.12. will be applied in relation to the specific data processing purposes mentioned in point 2.12.2.
2.12.6. Browsers give you the option to change your cookie settings in general. Most browsers automatically allow cookies by default, but this can be changed to prevent automatic acceptance once set. For information on the settings of some popular browsers, see the links below:
Google Chrome
;
Firefox
;
Microsoft Internet Explorer 11
;
Microsoft Internet Explorer 10
;
Microsoft Edge
2.13.
Link to the Xeropan Classroom Application
2.13.1. In the event that the data subject is connected to the language teacher profile created in Xeropan Classroom (hereinafter referred to in this paragraph as "Classroom Account") through his/her Xeropan user account, the holder of the Classroom Account may have access to certain personal data of the Xeropan user (in particular: name, likeness, progress in language tasks, data entered in tasks, evaluation of tasks, comparison of the results of tasks completed with the results of other users) and the holder of the Classroom Account may create a study group. When logged into the created study group (depending on the Classroom Account settings), this data or part of this data may be made available to other users of the Xeropan application assigned to the study group.
2.13.2. Connecting to a user account created in Xeropan Classroom is not automatic, it requires an explicit initiative from one party (e.g. an invitation from the language teacher using the Xeropan Classroom app) and an explicit approval from the other party (e.g. acceptance of said invitation), and data sharing with other members of the study group can be set up separately (in the Classrooom Account). From the establishment of this relationship, the Data Controller shall be considered a data processor in this respect and the Classroom Account holder shall be considered a data controller in respect of the collection and other processing of data (in respect of the data of the learners) for the Classroom Account holder in accordance with the settings of the Classroom Account. Accordingly, the Data Controller shall not carry out any investigation in this respect (in particular, it shall not investigate the relationship between the Classroom Account holder and the data subject) and shall not be liable. For the purposes of this paragraph, the Classroom Account holder shall be considered to be anyone who accesses the Classroom Account.
3. How personal data are stored, security of processing
3.1. The Data Controller's computer systems and other data storage locations are located partly at its headquarters and partly at its data processors, to which the Data Controller's data processors, in addition to the Data Controller (and its employees), may have access, where justified. The primary place of data processing is on the servers of the data processors of Hetzner Online GmbH in Germany.
3.2. The Data Controller has the technical, organisational and organisational measures in place to ensure and maintain the security of data processing, and thus the Data Controller provides protection in particular against:
3.2.1. unauthorised access,
3.2.2. change,
3.2.3. Forwarding
3.2.4. disclosure,
3.2.5. deletion or destruction, and
3.2.6. accidental destruction and damage, and
3.2.7. against inaccessibility due to changes in the technology used.
3.3. Having regard to the state of the art, the Controller and the processor(s) shall choose the data security measures that provide an adequate level of protection against the risks associated with the processing and shall choose the solution that ensures a higher level of protection of personal data from among several possible solutions, unless this would impose a disproportionate burden on the Service Provider.
3.4. The Data Controller ensures the security of personal data through server-level and application-level security procedures.
4. Recipients of personal data, data processors
The Data Controller uses third party processors to carry out certain processing activities, who perform certain processing operations on behalf of the Data Controller. An up-to-date list of recipients of personal data and processors is available on this
website link
, which will be updated by the Data Controller from time to time as necessary. We encourage you to visit this page for up-to-date information.
5. The main rights of the data subject in relation to data processing
5.1. In particular, the data subject has the following rights in relation to data processing under the GDPR.
5.1.1.The right to information and access to the personal data processed,
5.1.2. Right to rectify data,
5.1.3.Right to data erasure,
5.1.4. Right to restriction of processing,
5.1.5.Right to data retention,
5.1.6.Right to object,
5.1.7.Exclusion of automated decision-making in individual cases, including profiling,
5.1.8. Right to withdraw consent.
5.2. Definitions of rights, more detailed rules, conditions and exceptions are set out in the annex to this notice. If you wish to exercise your data subjects' rights or have any questions, please contact info@xeropan.com.
6. Contact and redress
6.1. The Data Controller can be contacted with any questions or comments related to data management using the contact details provided in this notice. If you have any concerns, please contact the Data Controller at info@xeropan.com.
6.2.
Right to apply to the courts
The data subject may take the Data Controller to court in the event of a breach of his or her rights. The court shall rule on the case out of turn.
6.3.
Data Protection Authority procedure
You can lodge a complaint with the National Authority for Data Protection and Freedom of Information: Name: National Authority for Data Protection and Freedom of Information Headquarters: 1125 Budapest, 1055 Budapest, Falk Miksa utca 9-11., Postal address: 1363 Budapest, Pf.: 9. Phone: +36 (30) 683-5969, +36 (30) 549-6838, +36 (1) 391 1400, Fax: +36 (1) 391-1410, E-mail: ugyfelszolgalat@naih.hu
7. Informing data subjects about the data breach
7.1. Data breach: a breach of security that results in the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure of, or access to, personal data transmitted, stored or otherwise processed
.
7.2. Where the personal data breach is likely to result in a high risk to the rights and freedoms of natural persons, the Data Controller shall inform the data subjects of the personal data breach without undue delay and in a clear and plain language.
7.3. The data subject need not be informed if any of the following conditions are met:
7.3.1. the Data Controller has implemented appropriate technical and organisational protection measures and these measures have been applied to the data affected by the personal data breach, in particular measures such as the use of encryption, which render the data unintelligible to persons not authorised to access the personal data;
7.3.2. the controller has taken additional measures following the personal data breach to ensure that the high risk to the rights and freedoms of the data subject is no longer likely to materialise;
7.3.3. information would require a disproportionate effort. In such cases, the data subjects should be informed by means of publicly disclosed information or by a similar measure which ensures that the data subjects are informed in an equally effective manner.
8. Other provisions
The Data Controller reserves the right to update this Privacy Notice unilaterally in the light of changes in its data management practices, while notifying the data subjects and respecting their rights.
ANNEX
DETAILS OF THE RIGHTS OF THE PARTIES CONCERNED
For more detailed information on the main rules, exceptions and conditions of data subjects' rights related to data processing under the Prospectus, please consult this Annex.
1. The right to information and access to the personal data processed:
1.1. The data subject has the right to receive feedback from the Data Controller as to whether or not his or her personal data are being processed and, if such processing is taking place, the right to access the personal data and the following information:
1.1.1. the purposes of the processing;
1.1.2. the categories of personal data concerned;
1.1.3. the categories of recipients or recipients to whom or which the personal data have been or will be disclosed, including in particular recipients in third countries and international organisations;
1.1.4. where applicable, the envisaged period of storage of the personal data or, if this is not possible, the criteria for determining that period;
1.1.5. the right of the data subject to obtain from the controller the rectification, erasure or restriction of the processing of personal data concerning him or her and to object to the processing of such personal data;
1.1.6. the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority;
1.1.7. if the data were not collected from the data subject, any available information on their source;
1.1.8. the fact that automated decision-making, including profiling, is taking place and, at least in these cases, the logic used and clear information on the significance of such processing and the likely consequences for the data subject.
1.2. If personal data are transferred to a third country or an international organisation, the data subject is entitled to be informed of the appropriate safeguards regarding the transfer.
1.3. The Data Controller shall provide the data subject with a copy of the personal data processed. For additional copies requested by the data subject, the Controller may charge a reasonable fee based on administrative costs. Where the data subject has made the request by electronic means, the Controller shall provide the information in a commonly used electronic format, unless the data subject requests otherwise.
1.4. The right to request a copy referred to in the previous paragraph shall not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
1.5. The above rights can be exercised through the contact details of the Data Controller indicated above.
2. Right of rectification
2.1. The data subject may request that inaccurate personal data relating to him or her processed by the Controller be corrected without delay and that incomplete data be completed.
3. Right to erasure
3.1. The data subject shall have the right to obtain from the Data Controller, upon his or her request, the erasure of personal data relating to him or her without undue delay where one of the following grounds applies and the Data Controller shall be obliged to comply with the data subject's request where one of the grounds applies:
3.1.1. the personal data are no longer necessary for the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed;
3.1.2. the data subject withdraws the consent on which the processing is based and there is no other legal basis for the processing;
3.1.3. the data subject objects to the processing and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing or where the processing would be for direct marketing purposes;
3.1.4. the personal data have been unlawfully processed;
3.1.5. the personal data must be erased in order to comply with a legal obligation under Union or Member State law applicable to the Data Controller;
3.1.6. personal data are collected in connection with the provision of information society services.
3.2. The erasure of data cannot be initiated if the processing is necessary:
3.2.1. to exercise the right to freedom of expression and information;
3.2.2. to comply with an obligation under Union or Member State law that requires the controller to process personal data or in the public interest;
3.2.3. for preventive health or occupational health purposes, to assess an employee's ability to work, to make a medical diagnosis, to provide health or social care or treatment, or to manage health or social care systems and services, under EU or Member State law or under a contract with a health professional and the processing of that data is carried out by or under the responsibility of that professional, who is subject to a duty of professional secrecy under Union or Member State law or under rules laid down by the competent authorities of the Member States or by another person who is also subject to a duty of secrecy under Union or Member State law or under rules laid down by the competent authorities of the Member States;
3.2.4. in the public interest in the field of public health, such as protection against serious cross-border threats to health or ensuring a high level of quality and safety of healthcare, medicines and medical devices, and on the basis of Union or Member State law which provides for adequate and specific measures to safeguard the rights and freedoms of the persons concerned, in particular professional secrecy;
3.2.5. on grounds of public interest in the field of public health and the processing of such data is carried out by or under the responsibility of a professional subject to the obligation of professional secrecy under Union or Member State law or the rules established by the competent authorities of the Member States, or by another person who is also subject to the obligation of professional secrecy under Union or Member State law or the rules established by the competent authorities of the Member States;
3.2.6. archiving in the public interest, for scientific or historical research purposes or for statistical purposes, where the right of erasure would be likely to render such processing impossible or seriously jeopardise it; or
3.2.7. to bring, enforce or defend legal claims.
4. Right to restriction of processing
4.1. The data subject shall have the right to obtain, at his or her request, the restriction of processing by the controller if one of the following conditions is met:
4.1.1. the data subject contests the accuracy of the personal data, in which case the restriction applies for a period of time which allows the accuracy of the personal data to be verified;
4.1.2. the data processing is unlawful and the data subject opposes the erasure of the data and requests instead the restriction of their use;
4.1.3. the controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of processing, but the data subject requires them for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; or
4.1.4. the data subject has objected to the processing; in this case, the restriction applies for the period until it is established whether the legitimate grounds of the Controller prevail over the legitimate grounds of the data subject.
4.2. Where processing is restricted, personal data, other than storage, may be processed only with the consent of the data subject or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims or for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person or of an important public interest of the Union or of a Member State.
5. Right to data retention
5.1. The data subject shall have the right to obtain the personal data concerning him or her which he or she has provided to the Controller in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format and to transmit those data to another Controller, without hindrance by the Controller, where the processing is based on consent or on a contract; and the processing is carried out by automated means.
5.2. The data subject has the right to request, where technically feasible, the direct transfer of personal data between Data Controllers. This right shall not apply where the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller. The right to data portability shall not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
6. Right to object
6.1. The data subject shall have the right to object at any time, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, to processing of his or her personal data necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller, or necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the controller or by a third party, including profiling based on those provisions.
6.2. In the event of an objection, the Controller may no longer process the personal data, unless it is justified by compelling legitimate grounds which override the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject, or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
7. Exclusion of automated decision-making in individual cases, including profiling
7.1. The data subject shall have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning him or her or similarly significantly affects him or her.
8. Right to withdraw consent
8.1. The data subject has the right to withdraw his or her consent at any time, provided that consent is the legal basis for the processing. This shall not be more onerous for him/her than giving consent.
Tags:
privacy policy
privacy
policy
Related articles
General terms and conditions
Data processor
How can we help?
Send your question below and we'll get back to you as soon as possible.
Email address
Subject
Message
Send message
Cancel
Clear attachments
translation missing: en.kb.default.contact_form_error
×
Thanks for your message!
Thanks for your message!
×
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://legal.xeropan.com/help/privacy-policy:
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Adatvédelmi tájékoztató
Datenschutzbestimmungen
Política de privacidad
Politique de confidentialité
Informativa sulla privacy
Sub-policy 1
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 2
https://legal.xeropan.com/help/tag/privacy%20policy:
Home
Tag results
1 articles tagged as “privacy policy”:
Privacy Policy
First
1
Last
Sub-policy 3
https://legal.xeropan.com/help/tag/privacy:
Home
Tag results
1 articles tagged as “privacy”:
Privacy Policy
First
1
Last