Headout: Privacy Policy
Last Updated:
12th November 2024
Why this Privacy Policy?
Headout is vigilant and committed towards the protection and management of User’s Personal Information. Thus, Headout has implemented this Privacy Policy that aims to safeguard the Personal Information of all the User(s).
This Policy, which is an integral part of Headout’s
Terms of Use
, describes inter alia Headout’s procedures for the collection, processing, disclosure and protection of the User’s Personal Information when the User uses Our Platform. This Policy also intended to guide User(s) about their privacy rights. Under this Policy, we have also suggested how a User can contact Us in case they have any issues/doubts.
Please note that We use User’s Personal Information to inter alia provide them with the service(s) available on the Platform in the best possible manner, improvise the overall usage of the Platform and to carry out other processing activities outlined in this Policy.
This Privacy Policy shall not be applicable to third-party websites/apps that may be linked to Our Platform. Users are requested to refer to respective third-party websites/apps' privacy policies to understand how their Personal Information will be collected and processed by such websites/apps.
This Privacy Policy shall be read along with the Terms of Use and all capitalized terms used, but not defined herein, shall have the respective meanings as ascribed to them in the Terms of Use.
How are You bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy?
By using or accessing the Platform, You agree to the collection and use/processing of Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This collection of information is necessary to provide the services on our Platform. If you do not share those, we will not be in a position to provide services. In case of any doubt reach out to us on
privacy@headout.com
.
Terms referred to in Privacy Policy
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:
Account
means a unique account created for You on the Platform to access Our service or parts of Our service.
Company
(referred to as either "Headout", "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Headout. Inc., its affiliates, subsidiaries and/or any other body corporate related to Headout.
Cookies
are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device, or any other device by Website/Platform, containing the details of Your browsing history among its many uses.
Device
means any device that can be used to access the Platform such as a computer, a cellphone, or a digital tablet.
Personal Information
is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable User who is a natural person and that is shared by such User while availing services available on the Platform. Headout collects this from the User for the purpose of providing services on the Platform and fulfilling its different legal obligations. Please refer to pointer 5 (What type of Personal Information is collected by Headout?) for detailed information.
Platform
means Website and other related webpages, mobile applications and mobile site.
Privacy Policy/Policy
means and includes this document and amendments that may be made to this document in future. This shall also include any other document that Headout may come up with in future around this policy.
Social Media Platforms
refer to platforms like Facebook, Instagram etc. that are used to communicate with the Company in different scenarios and/or to create a login account on the Platform.
Service Providers
refers to the sellers listed on Headout’s Platform including affiliates and other business partners.
Third Party Vendors
refers to third-party companies or individuals that may be engaged by the Company for the smooth and error-free performance of the Platform. These third parties may also be engaged by the Company for better facilitation of services available on the Platform which includes analysing Your usage of the Platform.
Website
refers to
www.headout.com
You/Your
shall mean the User.
Why does Headout collect Your Personal Information?
Headout is a platform that connects a User with the Service Provider and facilitates bookings of different experiences and events listed on the Platform by the Service Provider. Accordingly, the Personal Information and other related information are collected by Us to inter alia help Us provide You the services available on the Platform and also to carry out other processing activities outlined in this Policy.
What type of information is collected by Headout?
Personal Information:
The Personal Information that We collect about You depends on various variables including but not limited to the context of Your interactions with Us, the products, services, and features that You use, Your location, and the applicable laws. The Personal Information collected by Us can be divided into two heads i.e. Non-Identifiable Personal Information and Personally Identifiable Information.
"Non-Identifiable Personal Information" is information that cannot be used to identify You or a person in specific. This data could also be anonymous in nature. This data includes but is not limited to aggregated data around the use of services available on the Platform, masked IP addresses etc.
"Personally Identifiable Information" is information that is personally identifiable to You and that can be used to distinguish or trace Your identity. This information is also collected by Us in order to provide You with access to certain features of Our Platform. This information includes but is not limited to information such as name, social security number, date and place of birth, phone number, address, email ID, payment/card details etc.
Automated Information:
When You access Our Platform, some of Your information gets automatically captured. This automated information that We capture falls under the Non-Identifiable Personal Information category. Following are the broad types of information that get automatically captured:
Device information such as the browser used for accessing the Platform, the device used for accessing the Platform, operating system, application version number etc.
IP information is also captured when You access the Platform.
Behavioural information i.e. how You are accessing Our Platform, What different sections of the Platform You access, duration of Your access etc.
Date and time when You access Our Platform.
All the aforesaid information captured automatically is used for the following purposes:
To ensure the security of Our IT systems, for example, to defend against specific attacks on Our systems and to recognize attack patterns;
To load balance, i.e., to distribute access to Our Platform across several devices and to be able to offer You the fastest loading times;
To understand Your demographics, interests, and behaviour so that the best services can be provided to You;
In the event of specific indications of criminal offences, to enable criminal prosecution, avoidance of harm, or legal punishment;
Cookies:
Additionally, We also use different types of cookies to track Your usage of Our Platform and store certain information that further helps us to provide You with more personalized services. There are certain cookies that may get placed on Your Device because of Your usage of any services available on Our Platform.
Broadly, We use two different sets of technologies under this head i.e.:
Cookies or Browser Cookies.
it is a small file that automatically gets placed on Your Device when You access Our Platform. You can instruct Your browser to refuse all Cookies or to indicate when a cookie should be saved. In case, if You do not accept Our Cookies, You may not be able to use some parts of Our Platform.
Web Beacons.
Also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs that are attached in various sections of Our Platform and Our emails that permit us to monitor and understand the activity of Users.
These Cookies stored on Your Device can be "Persistent" or "Session" Cookies. Persistent Cookies are the ones that remain on Your Device even when You go offline, whereas, Session Cookies are automatically deleted as soon as You close Your web browser.
We use both Session and Persistent Cookies for the purposes set out below:
Necessary / Essential Cookies
Type:
Session Cookies
Purpose:
These Cookies are essential for You to access different sections of the Platform and if these are not allowed You may not be able to access the services available on the Platform. These cookies further help us to authenticate the Users and prevent any sort of fraudulent activity on the Platform.
Cookies Policy / Notice Acceptance Cookies
Type:
Persistent Cookies
Purpose:
These Cookies identify if Users have accepted the use of Cookies.
Functionality Cookies
Type:
Persistent Cookies
Purpose:
These Cookies allow us to remember choices You make when You use the Platform, such as remembering Your login details or language preference. The larger purpose of these Cookies is to provide You with a more personalized experience every time You use the Platform.
For what do We use Your Personal Information and with whom do We share it?
Your Personal Information collected while You access Our Platform is used only for lawful purposes and with an aim to provide You the services. We do not sell or rent this information to anyone nor do We share Your information with any third party, unless otherwise provided under the applicable law and specified in this Privacy Policy and/or other than as necessary to fulfil Your request.
The Personal Information collected from You is used in the following manner:
For booking purposes:
We use Your Personal Information, which may include Your name, email ID, payment details etc., to ensure that You and Your fellow travellers, if any, can complete and secure a booking.
For marketing purposes:
We do run marketing and promotional campaigns along with the Service Providers and/or any other third parties and We may use Personal Information, which may include name, email ID, contact details etc., to ensure that requisite benefits are passed on to You under such marketing and promotional campaigns. Additionally, You may also receive emails/notifications regarding marketing campaigns, newsletters, reward programs and exclusive promotions offering special deals.
For other reasons: We may also use Your Personal Information for several other reasons that include but are not limited to –
Provide, maintain and improvise Our services;
Communicate with You for different purposes including but not limited to keep You informed about any updates around the booking made by You;
Any changes made on the Platform;
For customer service purposes;
For seeking reviews of services;
For survey purposes;
For banking purposes.
We share Your information with various third parties, including parties in third countries outside the United States of America, for purposes as mentioned hereinbelow:
With Third Party Vendors:
We may share Your Personal Information with Third Party Vendors to monitor and analyze the use of Our Service, and to contact You.
With affiliates:
We may share Your Personal Information with Our affiliates, in which case We will require those affiliates to honour this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include Our parent company and any other subsidiaries, joint venture partners, or other companies that We control or that are under common control with Us.
With payment partners:
for completing a booking on Our Platform You will be required to make a payment and while doing so, We will process the relevant Personal Information required in each case depending on the selected payment method. Similarly, some of Your Personal Information will be processed by parties who assist in the processing of the payment including but not limited to payment gateways, banking partners or any other third party that may be engaged in such process.
With service providers/business partners:
We may share Your Personal Information with Our business partners to offer You certain products, services, or promotions.
With a corporate:
We may share or transfer Your Personal Information with a corporate in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of Company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of Our business to another company.
With other users:
when You share Personal Information or otherwise interact in the public with other Users on Our Platform or any other third-party/social media platforms, such information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside. If You interact with other Users or register through third-party/social media platforms, Your contacts on the third-party/social media platforms may see Your name, profile, pictures, and description of Your activity. Similarly, other users will be able to view descriptions of Your activity, communicate with You, and view Your profile.
Apart from the scenarios enumerated hereinabove, Your Personal Information may further be disclosed, if required:
By law, by court order, by any enforcement authority or in reference to any legal purposes;
For audit and compliance purposes;
For any other purpose that is in the larger interest of You as a User.
Some of the third parties/vendors may choose to retain some of Your Personal Information. However, that is for limited purposes to provide You with services in compliance with the Terms of Use. Please note that these third parties/vendors have informed us that they are compliant with respective privacy laws and have a detailed privacy policy in place. If You want to know about these third parties/vendors you can raise a request by writing on
privacy@headout.com
and we will try to address such requests in best possible manner.
User generated content and social media platforms:
Any content that is uploaded, submitted and/or posted by Users including but not limited to reviews, ratings, chats or discussions on the Platform or any social media platform is collectively referred to as,
"User Content"
. User shall be solely responsible for the authenticity and correctness of all the User Content.
User Content posted by any User is visible to the other Users accessing the Platform or the social media platform where such User Content is posted. User agrees to have no objection regarding the same.
We may allow Users to create an account on the Platform using their personal social media accounts such as Facebook, Google etc. In such a scenario, We may capture some of Your Personal Information from Your social media account like Your first name, last name, email address, phone number, etc.
Further, when You interact with us on social media or through Our posts, We may collect and process the information that You may provide us during such interactions. This may happen when You "Like", "Share", or "Retweet" a post, leave a comment, or submit other content on Our social media platform. The processing of data in this regard is done in compliance with relevant privacy laws and to provide You with the best of services. Please also note that upon such usage of social media platforms, the privacy policies of those social media platforms and the privacy settings You have made with those social media platforms will also apply.
Data collection from Children
As per Our Terms of Use, We suggest that only a person who has attained the age of majority shall make the booking on the Platform. However, there could be certain scenarios where a booking will be made for children by a person who has attained the age of majority. For such scenarios, We would like to state that at Headout We value the privacy of everyone including children. If We receive the Personal Information of a child/ minor, We ensure that such information is processed lawfully and to the extent that consent is received for processing such information from a person of majority. In the event Headout becomes aware that the User is a minor or below the legal age to consent in the jurisdiction concerned, Headout reserves its right to terminate all services to such User/ Account without any prior notice.
For how long do We keep Your Personal Information?
Your Personal Information is retained on Our servers for such a period as may be required to meet the purpose for which such information was collected. However, We may retain Your Personal Information for a longer period, if in case required by law. Where Your personal data is no longer required We will ensure it is either securely deleted or stored in a way which means it will no longer be used by the business.
How do We protect Your Personal Information?
We have put in place reasonable security measures to keep Your Personal Information guarded against any form of unauthorized access. Under this process of keeping Your Personal Information guarded, We have deployed security protocols as well as technical and physical limitations on access. Please be assured that Your Personal Information can only be accessed by authorized personnel who are permitted to access Personal Information in the course of their work.
Where do We store Your Personal Information?
Your Personal Information is stored in personnel files or within the electronic records (on servers in the USA or other countries) of Headout.
Your rights towards Your Personal Information
If you have a data privacy request, such as accessing or deleting your data, please reach out to us at
privacy@headout.com
. We will address your request and respond within the applicable legal timeframe. You can also request a copy of the information we hold about you by emailing the same address. For any complaints regarding the processing of your personal information, feel free to contact us at the same email id. If you have any inquiries or concerns that require the attention of our Data Protection Officer (DPO), kindly direct your request to
dpo@headout.com
, and our DPO will assist you accordingly
When handling any of these requests described above, We have the right to check the identity of the requester to ensure that he/she is the person entitled to make the request. In case of any complaint/disputes, You have the right to contact the supervisory authority of Your choice.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. We will also put a "Last updated" date tag at the top of this Policy, whenever it stands updated. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.