PRIVACY POLICY
Apps Limited LLC (“Apps Limited”) respects your concerns about privacy. This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect through our apps and services. By using our apps and services you agree to our collection, use, disclosure and transfer of information as described here.
This Privacy Policy describes the types of information we collect or receive, how we may use that information and with whom we may share it. The information we collect includes personal information and non-personal information, as such terms are defined below.
The Privacy Policy also describes the measures we take toprotect the security of the personal information. We also tell you how you can reach us to ask us to (i) access, change or not use the personal information you have provided to us, (ii) withdraw any consent you previously provided to us, (iii) refrain from sending you email alerts, and (iv) answer any questions you may have about our privacy practices.
Our Collection and Use of Personal Information
Personal information is data that can be used to uniquely identify or contact a single person. You may choose to provide personal information to us when you use our website or apps. Because we change our offerings and features from time to time, the options you have with personal information also may change, but here are some examples of situations in which you may decide to provide personal information to us:
• Registering with our apps
• Creating an online account
• Signing up for email alerts or subscribing to receive information
• Completing a survey
• ﻿﻿Contacting us for any reason, including for technical support or customer service
• Creating your app with your business or personal information
• Creating your app with your business or personal information
We collect this information for reasons such as:
• To provide you with access to our site, app, service or feature you requested
• ﻿﻿To provide you with technical support or customer service
• To communicate with you, respond to your requests, or provide you with updates and information
• To serve your apps with the content you provided
You can delete your personal information at any time by:
•  Erasing the fields you field in and it will be automatically saved
•  Requesting, via email (to support@igenapps.com), the deletion of any particular information you have provided
•  Deleting your entire account from the side bar in our app
Our Collection and Use of Non-Personal Information
We also collect non-personal information − data in a form that does not permit direct association with any specific individual. We may collect, use, transfer, sell, and disclose non-personal information for any purpose. For example, when you use our services, we may collect data from and about the “commercial electronic mail messages” and “transactional or relationship messages” (as such terms are defined in the CAN-SPAM Act (15U.S.C. 7702 et. seq.) that are sent to your email accounts. We collect such commercial transactional messages so that we can better understand the behavior of the senders of such messages, and better understand our customer behavior and improve our products, services, and advertising. We may disclose, distribute, transfer, and sell such messages and the data that we collect from or in connection with such messages; provided, however, if we do disclose such messages or data, all personal information contained in such messages will be removed prior to any such disclosure.
We may collect and use your commercial transactional messages and associated data to build anonymous market research products and services with trusted business partners. If we combine non-personal information with personal information, the combined information will be treated as non-personal information for as long as it remains combined. Aggregated data is considered non-personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
Information Collected by Automated Means
We may obtain certain personal and non-personal information by automated means when you visit our sites. The type of information we collect by automated means may vary, but generally includes technical information about your device, such as IP address or other device identifier. The information we collect also may include usage information and statistics about your interaction with our apps. That information may include the URLs of our webpages that you visited, URLs of referring and exiting pages, page views, time spent on a page, number of clicks, platform type, time on each screen of our apps, usage of screens, and other information about how you used our apps or website.
In cases where you use a mobile device to access our sites, we will receive information about the location of your device. In some cases, even if you are not using a mobile device, information about your general location may be discernible from GPS, your device’s IP address or the URLs we receive. If you access or use our sites or services with your mobile device, we may collect your telephone number.
Please note that if ads or other features on our apps are provided by third parties, those parties also may use automated means of data collection that are subject to those third parties’ privacy notices and policies.
We use information we collect by automated means to understand our users and to determine their preferences. As a result, we can develop and deliver new or modified offerings, that are improved with our users’ preferences in mind. As described below, we also may use such information to provide a more personalized user experience and to manage advertising.
Here are some of the types of automated data collection that may occur when you use our sites:
Web Browsers
When you visit one of our website or use our apps, your device will sends us your Internet protocol (“IP”) address so that the content you request can be sent to your computer or device. We use your IP address to determine additional information, such as whether the computer or device has ever been used to visit our site or any of our products before, which apps features were used most often, how much time was spent on a page, and what is the local language or time.
Cookies
We may automatically collect information through “cookies,” which are text files placed on your device’s hard drive when you visit apps. Cookies may enhance your online experience by saving your preferences while you are visiting a particular site or app. We use cookies, for example, for authentication purposes, to measure session activity on the site, and to determine which areas and features of the site or app are the most popular. Most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to be notified when you receive a new cookie, and how to disable existing cookies. Without cookies, however, you may not be able to take full advantage of all our site features.
We also may use “flash cookies,” also called “local shared objects.” Like other cookies, flash cookies are files stored on your computer or mobile device, but flash cookies can store information that is more complex than simple text. These cookies can be helpful to us in storing your preferences regarding feature settings and personalizing your experience. In some cases, local shared objects also are used to prevent fraud. Unlike “regular” cookies, browsers generally cannot be used to manage flash cookie placement. Like regular cookies, flash cookies improve your experience with our sites, so disabling them may limit or eliminate features we make available to you.
Beacons and Log Files
We may use “beacons” (also known as Internet tags, pixel tags, tracking pixels, and clear GIFs) on pages of our website, advertisment and our apps. These web beacons allow third parties to collect information such as the IP address of the device, the URL of the web page, the time the page was viewed, the type of browser or device used, and any additional information in cookies that may have been set by the third party. The information is typically collected in log files, which generally track traffic on our apps or website. Purposes for this information collection may include managing our online advertising, including by determining which ads brought users to our apps. The information also is used for analytical purposes and to manage technical issues that may arise. We do not attempt to identify individual users through this information.
Sharing of Information
We may share personal information we collect with our parent company, other affiliated companies, and trusted business partners. We also will share personal information with service providers that perform services on our behalf. Our non-affiliated business partners and service providers are not authorized by us to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or comply with legal requirements.
We also may disclose information about you (i) if we are required to do so by law or legal process, (ii) to law enforcement authorities or other government officials, (iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity, or (iv) if necessary to protect the vital interests of another individual. We also reserve the right to transfer personal information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets.
As described in “Our Collection and Use of Non-PersonalInformation” above, we may collect, use, transfer, and disclose non-personal information for any purpose. When you use our apps, you agree that we may share information about you as described in this Privacy Policy.
Your Choices
In certain cases, you may have choices about how we use and disclose your personal information. For example, we will ask you before we use your personal information for any purpose incompatible with those purposes identified in this Policy. If we provide you with any marketing messages, we also will give you an opportunity to opt out of receiving further messages.
You can also choose not to give us the information we request, as described in the “Information You Provide to Us” section of this Policy. In some cases, if you decide not to provide information, we will not be able to provide you with access to our apps, or we may not be able to provide you with the service, feature or information you requested.
In some cases, you can stop or limit the information we collect by automated means. Please review the sections of this Policy  titled “Information Collected by Automated Means” to learn more about how you may be able to stop or limit our receipt of that information.
You may choose to opt out of marketing emails by unsubscribing on the footer of that email. You may also exercise and amend your choices by sending an email to us as specified in the “How to Contact Us” section below.
Access and Correction
We will provide you with the ability to access and update certain information we have about you, such as your contact information. Your right to access or amend personal information may be limited in some circumstances. Please submit your request by sending an email to support@apps.limited.
How We Protect Personal Information
We maintain appropriate administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect your personal information from accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use and other unlawful forms of processing. No data transmissions through the Internet or via mobile devices, or even the physical transfer of information, can be guaranteed to be completely secure. We cannot fully eliminate all security risks associated with personal information. We do not ensure or warrant the security of any data or information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.
Links to Other Sites & APIs
You may use third party APIs, such as
Meta API
and
YouTube API
Services, from within our app, which would share information provided by you such as your user ID, username, channel ID, page ID, or any type of information required by the API.
We only collect and store the information you provide in order for the API to work. We do not collect or store any information provided by the APIs mentioned. You are required to accept and comply with Meta's Privacy Policy, Google's Privacy Policy and YouTube's Terms of Service.
Meta API
,
YouTube API
Services or
Google
Children’s Privacy
Apps Limited LLC does not direct its apps to children, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personal information from a user who is under the age of thirteen, we will delete the information from our records.
Transfers of Information
As part of our international operations, we may transfer information about you to any jurisdiction where we do business. Even if those jurisdictions do not have the same privacy laws as the jurisdiction where you reside, we will treat your information as subject to the protections described in this Policy.
If you are visiting from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use, please note that you are agreeing to the transfer of your personal information to the United States by Apps Limited LLC. By providing your personal information you consent to any transfer and processing in accordance with this Policy.
Updates to Our Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be updated periodically to reflect changes in our information practices or relevant laws. We will indicate at the top of the Policy when it was updated. Please review this Policy anytime you access or use our site to make sure you have reviewed the most recent version.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, or if you would like us to update any information we might have about you or your preferences, please contact us at privacy@apps.limited.
Our management and processing of data is subject to the changes and policies of our service providers and third parties, including but not limited to Meta (Facebook), YouTube, Vimeo, and Alphabet (Google). We recommend periodically reviewing the privacy policies of these services to stay informed about how your data is handled.If you want more information you can contact us at
support@ãpps.com