Cooking
Top Categories
Kids
Top Categories
Picnic
Adventure
Games
Playing
Doctor
Top Categories
Injection
Sick
Medicine
Treatment
Dress Up
Top Categories
Princes
Profession
Sports
Holiday
Baby Games
Top Categories
Newborn
Hair
Baby
Party
Grooming
Top Categories
Makeover
Makeup
Nailout
Dressup
Party
Top Categories
Holiday
Celebration
Birthday
Cooking
Pet
Top Categories
Cat
Dog
Pet
Fish
×
Cooking
Kids
Doctor
Dress Up
Baby Games
Grooming
Party
Pet
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last updated / effective date: 27th December 2016
Please read these Terms of Service (also referred to as "
Terms
") carefully before using the Service of Axis Entertainment Limited or its affiliates ("
Axis
"). These Terms govern and apply to all persons who access or use ("
Users
") Axis-operated internet service, including but not limited to babyhazelgames.com, the Axis-operated social media channels, and mobile/in-browser downloads and apps, (all collectively referred to as the "
Service
").
1. Acceptance of Terms
THESE TERMS OF SERVICE, AS AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME AND PUBLISHED AT [
http://www.babyhazelgames.com/terms/
], AND AS INCORPORATING THE AXIS PRIVACY POLICY AVAILABLE AT [
http://www.babyhazelgames.com/privacy-policy/
] ARE A LEGAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN AXIS AND YOU ("
You
", "
Your
").
You must read and agree to these terms of service, including the Privacy Policy [
http://www.babyhazelgames.com/privacy-policy
], before using the Service controlled by Axis. By accessing or using the Service, You acknowledge that You have read these terms, understand them, and agree to be bound by the terms and conditions described herein, including Axis's Privacy Policy [
http://www.babyhazelgames.com/privacy-policy/
]. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, DO NOT USE THE SERVICE.
You are responsible for regularly reviewing the Terms of Service, as the Terms of Service may be modified at any time. All such modifications will be effective immediately upon posting. If You are dissatisfied with any modification to the Terms of Service, Your only remedy is to terminate Your use of the Service, in the manner described in the Termination and Survivability portion of these Terms of Service. Your continued use of the Service after a change or update has been made to the Terms of Service constitutes Your acceptance of such change or update.
2. Ownership of Axis Content
"Content" shall mean including, without limitation, data, images, drawings, photographs, video, audio, text, virtual items and/or in-game purchases, and any and all other material and information You see on the Service, whether provided by Axis or by users of the Service. ALL USE OF CONTENT IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND AT YOUR OWN RISK.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT ALL CONTENT IS THE PROPERTY OF AXIS AND/OR ITS LICENSORS AND THAT YOU HAVE NO INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OR OTHER RIGHTS IN ANY CONTENT, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER THAT CONTENT WAS PROVIDED BY AXIS, YOU, OR ANOTHER USER OF THE SERVICE.
You acknowledge that the Content and Service are protected by copyrights, trademarks, and other proprietary rights owned by Axis, and/or its licensors, including rights to the selection, coordination, arrangement and enhancement of such Content, and that these rights are valid and protected in all media existing now or later developed. Except as expressly provided herein, Axis and its licensors do not grant You any express or implied rights, and all right, title and interest that Axis has in the Service, that are not expressly granted by Axis to You are retained by Axis. No Content may be modified, copied, distributed, framed, reproduced, republished, downloaded, scraped, displayed, posted, transmitted or sold in any form or by any means, in whole or in part, without Axis's prior written permission, except that the foregoing does not apply to Your own posted submission.
You acknowledge and agree that any feedback, comments or suggestions You may provide regarding the Service ("
Feedback
") is given entirely voluntary and, even if designated as confidential, will not create any confidentiality obligation for Axis and Axis will be free to use, disclose, reproduce, license, distribute, and otherwise exploit such Feedback as Axis sees fit, entirely without obligation or restriction of any kind on account of intellectual property rights or otherwise.
3. Limitations on Use of Axis Content
ANY USE OF THE SERVICE IN VIOLATION OF THESE TERMS OF SERVICE WILL BE REGARDED AS AN INFRINGEMENT OF AXIS'S COPYRIGHT RIGHTS IN AND TO THE CONTENT.
4. Community Guidelines
The Axis Service has interactive elements. The following rules of conduct apply to the Axis Service.
A. You must be 13 years or older to use these Services or have parental consent.
B. You may not publish, post, upload, transmit, distribute, disseminate or otherwise make available any material that is harmful, abusive, vulgar, sexually explicit, defamatory, libelous, obscene, infringing, embarrassing, unwanted, invasive of another's right of privacy or publicity, hateful or racially, ethnically or otherwise offensive or objectionable.
C. You are responsible for any activity that occurs under Your registered screen name.
D. You may not impersonate another person or represent Yourself as affiliated with Axis or Axis's staff.
E. You are responsible for keeping Your password secure.
F. You must not abuse, harass, threaten, impersonate, or intimidate other Axis users.
G. You may not restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Service, including but not limited to by disrupting the flow of chat in chat rooms with vulgar language, abusiveness, hitting the return key repeatedly, inputting excessively large images so the screen goes by too fast to read, use of excessive SHOUTING (all capital letters) in an attempt to disturb other users, "spamming," or flooding (continuous posting repetitive text).
H. You may not use web URLs in Your name or posts without prior written consent from Axis
I. You may not use the Axis Service for any illegal or unauthorized purpose or promote or encourage illegal activity. International users agree to comply with all local laws regarding online conduct and acceptable content.
J. You are responsible for verifying the safety, suitability, and functional state of any items or Service given, shared, sold, or received via Axis.
K. You may not intentionally misrepresent any items or Service given, shared, or sold via Axis.
L. You are responsible for ensuring and being able to verify that You have legal standing to offer items (whether giving, selling, exchanging, sharing, or otherwise) posted on or using Axis.
M. You are responsible for Your conduct and any data, text, messages, ideas, concepts, pitches, suggestions, stories, screenplays, treatments, formats, artwork, photographs, drawings, videos, audiovisual works, musical compositions (including lyrics), sound recordings, characterizations, Your and/or other persons' names, likenesses, voices, usernames, profiles, actions, appearances, performances and/or other biographical information or material, and/or other similar materials that You submit, post, and display on Axis.
N. Axis does not control, is not responsible for and makes no representations or warranties with respect to any user content.
O. You are responsible for Your access to, use of and/or reliance on any user content. You must conduct any necessary, appropriate, prudent or judicious investigation, inquiry, research and due diligence with respect to any user content.
P. In compliance with COPPA, if You find someone 13 years old or younger using the service without parental consent, please contact Axis.
This list is an example and is not intended to be complete or exclusive. Axis doesn't have an obligation to monitor Your access to or use of the Service or to review or edit any information posted to Axis, by the user. However, Axis has the right to do so for the purpose of operating the Service, to ensure Your compliance with these Terms, or to comply with applicable law or the order or requirement of a court, administrative agency or other governmental body.
Axis reserves the right, at any time and without prior notice, to remove or disable access to any data submitted by a user, that Axis considers, in its sole discretion, to be in violation of these Terms, or harmful to the Service. Deleted content may be stored by Axis in order to comply with certain legal obligations and is not retrievable without a valid court order. Consequently, Axis encourages You to maintain Your own backup of Your Content. Axis will not be liable to You for any modification, suspension, or discontinuation of the Axis Service, or the loss of any Content.
The Content available through the Service has not been reviewed, verified or authenticated by us, and may include inaccuracies or false information. Axis makes no representations, warranties, or guarantees in connection with the Service or any Content on the Service, relating to the quality, suitability, truth, accuracy or completeness of any Content contained in the Service.
4. Rules of Conduct
Axis' Service has or may have interactive elements. By way of examples and not as limitations, You agree that:
A. You may not access or try to access non-public areas of the Service, Axis computer systems, or the technical delivery systems employed by the Service.
B. You may not use any robot, spider, site search/retrieval application or other automated device, process or means to access, retrieve, crawl, scrape, or otherwise index any portion of the Service any content from Axis including but not limited to posted items, user profiles, names, addresses, email addresses, and photos.
C. You may not publish, post, upload, transmit, distribute, disseminate or otherwise make available any material for which copyright management or digital rights management information, such as author attributions, legal or other proper notices or proprietary designations or labels of the origin or source of software or other material has been falsified, deleted, or otherwise disabled.
D. You may not Publish, post, upload, transmit, distribute, disseminate or otherwise make available any automation software programs or any other unauthorized third-party software program designed to modify the Service.
E. You may not Publish, post, upload, transmit, distribute, disseminate or otherwise make available any material regarding hacking, cracking, exploiting, or otherwise making use of the Service or the Content in any manner.
F. You may not institute an attack upon any server used in connection with the Service or any portion thereof or otherwise attempt to disrupt such servers.
G. You may not gather and use information, such as users' name, real names or email addresses which are made available through the service for any purpose outside of these Terms, including but not limited to Spam or any other form of unwanted solicitation.
H. You may not publish, post, upload, transmit, distribute, disseminate or otherwise make available any files that contain viruses, spyware, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots, corrupted data, or any other similar software or programs that may damage or interfere with the operation of the Service, other users' access to the Service and/or other users' computers.
I. You may not, in the use of Axis Service, violate any laws in Your jurisdiction (including but not limited to copyright laws).
J. Violation of this agreement can result in the termination of Your Axis account. You agree to indemnify and hold Axis harmless as indicated below in the section titled Indemnification.
K. While Axis prohibits certain conduct and content on its Service, You understand and agree that Axis cannot be responsible for the Content posted on its Service and You nonetheless may be exposed to such materials and that You use the Service at Your own risk.
Q. You may not make false reports to Axis administrators.
R. You may not modify, adapt, sublicense, translate, sell, reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble all or any portion of the Service or the Content.
L. You may not remove, alter, conceal any copyright, trademark, patent or other proprietary rights notices contained in the Service and/or the Content.
5. General Conditions
A. Axis reserves the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason at any time.
B. Axis reserves the right to force forfeiture of any username that becomes inactive, violates intellectual property rights, defames, or may mislead other users.
C. Axis may, but has no obligation to, remove Content and accounts containing Content that Axis determines in its sole discretion are unlawful, offensive, threatening, defamatory, obscene or otherwise objectionable or violates any party's intellectual property or these Terms of Service.
D. Axis reserves the right to reclaim usernames on behalf of businesses or individuals that hold legal claim or trademark on those usernames.
6. Ownership of User-Generated Content
A. Axis does NOT claim ANY ownership rights in the text, files, images, photos, video, sounds, musical works, works of authorship, applications, or any other Content that You post on or submit through the Axis Service. By posting, uploading, embedding, displaying, communicating, or otherwise distributing ("
Posting
") any Content on or through the Axis Service, You hereby grant to Axis a non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, fully paid and royalty-free, worldwide, sublicensable and transferable license to all copyrights, trademarks, patents, trade secrets, privacy and publicity rights and other intellectual and industrial property rights ("
Rights
"). This grant allows Axis to use, modify, publicly perform, publicly display, reproduce, distribute, and generally exploit such Content, including without limitation distributing part or all of the Content in any media formats, for any purpose, through any media channels, known or unknown.
B. Some of the Axis Service are supported by advertising revenue and may display advertisements and promotions, and You hereby agree that Axis may place such advertising and promotions on the Axis Service or on, about, or in conjunction with Your Content. The manner, mode, and extent of such advertising and promotions are subject to change without specific notice to You.
C. You represent and warrant that: (i) You own the Content posted by You on or through the Axis Service or otherwise have the right to grant the license set forth in this section, (ii) the posting and use of Your Content on or through the Axis Service does not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, contract rights, intellectual property rights, or any other rights of any person, and (iii) the posting of Your Content on the Service does not result in a breach of contract between You and a third party. You agree to pay for all royalties, fees, and any other monies owing any person by reason of Content You post on or through the Service per the section titled Indemnification.
D. Axis owns and retains all rights in the Axis Content and the Axis Service. Axis hereby grants You a limited, revocable, non-sublicensable license to reproduce and display the Axis Content (excluding any software code) solely for Your personal use in connection with viewing postings and using the Service.
E. The Service does or may contain Content of Users and other Axis licensors. Except as provided within this Agreement, You may not copy, modify, create derivative works, publicly display, publicly perform, or digitally transmit any Content appearing on or through the Service.
F. To the extent any "moral rights," "ancillary rights," or similar rights ("
Moral Rights
") in or to the Postings exist and are not exclusively licensed by Axis and to the extent You are able to do so under applicable law, You agree not to enforce any such rights as to Axis or its licensees, distributors, agents, representatives and other authorized users, and You shall procure the same agreement not to enforce from any others who may possess such rights.
G. Without limiting the scope of the license or any future grant of rights, consents, agreements, assignments, and waivers You may make with respect to Postings, and to the extent allowed by applicable law, You hereby ratify any prior grant of rights, consents, agreements, assignments and waivers made by You with respect to Postings submitted by You to Axis.
H. By Posting to the Service, You waive any right to send a copyright or terms of service related account strike on any of Axis' third-party accounts based on the Content You Posted or any work derived from that Content.
I. By submitting Your contact information through Axis Service, You opt-in and consent to being added to Axis-controlled mailing lists.
7. Axis' Copyright Policy
You will refrain from posting any information or items to the Service which is copied, in whole or in part, from third party sources without authorization. For further clarification, please see the U.S. Law on Copyrights, or see the web sites of the U.S. Copyright Office or U.S. Trademark Office. The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the "
DMCA
") provides recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the Internet infringes their rights under U.S. copyright law. If You believe in good faith that materials hosted by Axis infringe Your copyright, You (or Your agent) may send us a notice requesting that the material be removed or access to it blocked.
It is Axis' policy to expeditiously respond to clear notices of alleged copyright infringement that comply with the DMCA. The form of notice specified below is consistent with the form suggested by the DMCA (the text of which can be found at the U.S. Copyright Office Web Site, http://www.copyright.gov), but Axis will respond to notices of this form from other jurisdictions as well.
It is expected that all users of any part of Axis will comply with applicable copyright laws. However, if Axis receives proper notification of claimed copyright infringement, Axis' response to these notices will include removing or disabling access to material claimed to be the subject of infringing activity and/or terminating subscribers, regardless of whether Axis may be liable for such infringement under United States law or the laws of another jurisdiction.
If Axis removes or disable access in response to such a notice, Axis will make a good-faith attempt to contact the owner or administrator of the affected Service or Content so that Axis may make a counter notification pursuant to Sections 512(g)(2) and (3) of the DMCA. Axis may also document notices of alleged infringement on which it acts.
8. Designated Agent
Axis's Designated Agent to receive notification of alleged infringement under the DMCA is:
legal@babyhazelgames.com
Upon receipt of proper notification of claimed infringement, Axis will follow the procedures outlined herein and in the DMCA.
9. Infringement Notification
If You believe that Your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or Your intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated, please provide Axis's Registered Agent (listed above) the following information in a written communication (preferably via email):
A. Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;
B. Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit Axis to locate the material;
C. Information reasonably sufficient to permit Axis to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an email address at which the complaining party may be contacted;
D. The following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law";
E. The following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification is accurate, and that I am the copyright owner or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed"; and
F. A physical or electronic signature of the owner or a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Please note that You may be liable for damages (including costs and attorneys' fees) if You materially misrepresent that material is infringing Your copyrights. Accordingly, if You are not sure whether material available online infringes Your copyright, Axis suggests that You first contact an attorney.
10. Counter Notification
A provider of content subject to a claim of infringement may make a counter notification pursuant to sections 512(g)(2) and (3) of the DMCA. To file a counter notification with us, please provide Axis's Registered Agent (listed above) the following information in a written communication (preferably via email):
A. Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled;
B. Your name, address, and telephone number;
C. The following statement: "I consent to the jurisdiction of Federal District Court for the [insert the federal judicial district in which Your address is located]";
D. The following statement: "I will accept service of process from [insert the name of the person who submitted the infringement notification] or his/her agent";
E. The following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that I have a good faith belief that the affected material was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled"; and
F. Your signature, in physical or electronic form.
Upon receipt of such counter notification, Axis will promptly provide the person who provided the original infringement notification with a copy of the counter notification, and inform that person that Axis will replace the removed material or cease disabling access to it in 10 business days. Axis will replace the removed material and cease disabling access to it not less than 10, nor more than 14, business days following receipt of the counter notice, unless the Axis Designated Agent first receives notice from the person who submitted the original infringement notification that such person has filed an action seeking a court order to restrain the subscriber from engaging in infringing activity relating to the material on Axis systems or network.
11. Repeat Infringers
In accordance with Section 512(i)(1)(a) of the DMCA, Axis will, in appropriate circumstances, disable and/or terminate the accounts of users who are repeat infringers.
12. Accommodation of Standard Technical Measures
It is Axis's policy to accommodate and not interfere with standard technical measures used by copyright owners to identify or protect copyrighted works that Axis determines are reasonable under the circumstances.
13. Privacy/Security
You understand that any information provided by You or collected by Axis in connection with Your use of the Service will be used in the manner described in these Terms of Service and in Axis's Privacy Policy [http://www.babyhazelgames.com/privacy-policy/], such privacy policy being incorporated into and made a part of these Terms of Service by this reference. If You do not agree to the Privacy Policy you may not use the Service. Without limiting the terms of the Privacy Policy, You understand that Axis does not guarantee that Your use of the Service and/or the information provided by You will be private or secure, and Axis is not responsible or liable to You for any lack of privacy or security You may experience. You are fully responsible for taking precautions and providing security measures best suited for Your situation and intended use of the Service.
14. Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold Axis harmless from and against any and all costs, damages, liabilities, and expenses (including attorneys' fees) Axis incurs in relation to, arising from, or for the purpose of avoiding, any claim or demand from a third party that Your (i) use or misuse of, or access to the Service, or the use of the Service, (ii) violation of the Terms of this agreement, by any person using Your account, violates any applicable law or regulation, or the rights of any third party; (iii) Your Content; (iv) Your (a) interaction with any users, (b) transfer of any item, (c) creation of an item post or (d) the use, condition or suitability of a given item by You, including, but not limited to any injuries, losses, or damages of any kind arising in connection with or as a result of request for or use of an item.
Axis retains the right to employ Axis's own counsel. You remain solely responsible for Axis's defense and must obtain Axis's written consent to a settlement. You agree to notify Axis of a pending suit claiming You have violated a third party's intellectual property or other rights. Axis requires that You confirm Your indemnification in case of a lawsuit; failure to do so may be considered a breach of Your Terms of Service.
15. Integration with Third Party Service
If You are using the Axis Service combined, integrated, or used with third party products, software applications, or website ("
Third Party Service[s]
"), You agree that: (i) You may be required to enter into a separate license agreement with the relevant third party owner or licensor for the use of their Third Party Service (ii) the functionality of Axis or the Service, may be diminished when operating through a Third Party Service; (iii) Axis cannot guarantee that the Service shall always be available on or in connection with such Third Party Service.
These Third Party Services are not controlled by Axis. Axis is not responsible for the information of the Third Party Services, for the business practices or privacy policies of the Third Party Services, or for the collection, use or disclosure of any information by the Third Party Services. Axis provides links to the Third Party Services only as a matter of convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply an endorsement by Axis of any Third Party Service.
You acknowledge and agree that Axis does not endorse, and shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such information, goods or services available on or through any Third Party Services. You agree that Your use of the Third Party Services, including without limitation Your use of any information, data, advertising, products, or other materials on or available through the Third Party Services, is at Your own risk and is subject to the term and conditions or use applicable to the Third Party Services.
Axis is not involved in any way in the actual transaction between the Third Party Services and You. Axis acts solely as a passive conduit for the Third Party Services' sales, distribution and the communication of Your information with regards to transaction with Third Party Services.
You assume any and all risks, known or unknown, now existing or hereafter arising, related to the transactions with the Third Party Services' items, including, but not limited to, completing transactions, default, negligence, unauthorized use of Your Account and password and other users acting under false identity.
You acknowledge that Axis is not a part to any possible future disputes between You and the Third Party Services. Resolution of any dispute is the full and sole responsibility of the involved parties and Axis will not act as a mediator between them. You release Axis, its agents, representatives and employees, from any and all claims, demands and damages, direct and indirect, suspected and unsuspected, arising from such dispute.
16. Modification
Axis reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace any of these Terms, on the Axis website, by sending You notice through the Service, or via email. Axis may also impose limits on certain features and Service or restrict access to parts or all of the Service without notice or liability. It is Your responsibility to check these Terms periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Service following the posting of any changes to these Terms constitutes acceptance of those changes.
17. Termination and Survivability
These Terms of Service are effective until terminated. Axis may terminate, change, suspend, or discontinue the Service (including without limitation, the availability of any feature, database, or content) or Your access to all or any part of the Service at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately, which may result in the forfeiture and destruction of all information associated with Your use of the Service and related Content.
The provisions titled Ownership of Axis Content, Limitations of Use of Axis Content, Indemnity, Dispute Resolution, and Governing Law shall survive any termination of these Terms.
18. Disclaimer of Warranty
You understand and agree that the Service are provided to You "AS IS" and on an "AS AVAILABLE" basis. Without limiting the foregoing, AXIS EXPLICITLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE. Axis makes no warranty that the Service will meet Your requirements or be available on an uninterrupted, secure, or error-free basis.
19. Limitation of Liability
"
Axis Parties
" means Axis and its affiliates, subsidiaries, officers, directors, stockholders, employees, licensors, distributors, sublicensees, agents or subcontractors).
YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT USE OF THE SERVICE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS FOR YOUR USE, WITHOUT WARRANTIES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, ACCURACY, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND ANY WARRANTIES THAT MAY ARISE FROM COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE OR USAGE OF TRADE) OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, UNLESS SUCH WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS ARE LEGALLY INCAPABLE OF EXCLUSION.
THE DISCLAIMERS OF LIABILITY CONTAINED IN THIS SECTION APPLY TO ANY DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF DATA OR LOST PROFITS) OR INJURY CAUSE BY ANY FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE, ERROR, OMISSION, INTERRUPTION, DELETION, DEFECT, DELAY IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION, COMPUTER VIRUS, THEFT OR DESTRUCTION OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO, ALTERATION OF, WHETHER FOR BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORTIOUS BEHAVIOR, NEGLIGENCE, OR UNDER ANY OTHER CAUSE OF ACTION.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOUR EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR ANY DISPUTE WITH AXIS IS TO STOP USING THE SERVICE, AND TO CANCEL YOUR ACCOUNT(S). IN NO CASE SHALL THE LIABILITY OF THE AXIS PARTIES TO YOU EXCEED THE AMOUNT THAT YOU PAID TO AXIS OR ITS DESIGNEES FOR THE APPLICABLE SERVICES GIVING RISE TO ANY SUCH LIABILITY. IN NO CASE SHALL THE AXIS PARTIES BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE OR THE CONTENT, OR FOR ANY OTHER CLAIM RELATED IN ANY WAY TO YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE OR THE CONTENT, OR INTERACTIONS WITH AXIS.
BECAUSE SOME STATES OR JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, IN SUCH STATES OR JURISDICTIONS, THE LIABILITY OF AXIS AND THE AXIS PARTIES SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. AXIS DOES NOT ENDORSE, WARRANT OR GUARANTEE ANY THIRD-PARTY PRODUCT OR SERVICE OFFERED THROUGH THE SERVICE AND WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO OR IN ANY WAY BE RESPONSIBLE FOR MONITORING ANY TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES.
20. Dispute Resolution
For any dispute You have with Axis, You agree to first attempt to resolve the dispute with Axis informally. In the unlikely event that Axis has not been able to resolve a dispute after attempting to do so informally, You and Axis each agree to resolve any claim, dispute, or controversy (excluding claims for injunctive or other equitable relief) arising out of or in connection with or relating to these Terms, or breach or alleged breach thereof (collectively, "
Claims
"), by binding arbitration.
Unless You and Axis decide otherwise, arbitration will be conducted in Mumbai, India, unless objectively, unduly burdensome to one party such that it would render this requirement unenforcable. Each party will be responsible for paying any filing, administrative and arbitrator fees. The award rendered by the arbitrator shall include costs of arbitration, reasonable attorneys' fees and reasonable costs for experts and other witnesses, and any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. Nothing in this section shall prevent either party from seeking injunctive or equitable relief from the courts for matters related to intellectual property rights or unauthorized access to the Service.
TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ALL CLAIMS MUST BE BROUGHT IN THE PARTIES' INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING, AND, UNLESS BOTH PARTIES AGREE OTHERWISE, THE ARBITRATOR MAY NOT CONSOLIDATE MORE THAN ONE PERSON'S CLAIMS. YOU AGREE THAT, BY ENTERING INTO THESE TERMS, YOU AND AXIS ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY OR TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION.
21. Assignment
Axis may assign these Terms of Service, in whole or in part, at any time. You may not assign, transfer or sublicense these Terms of Service or any or all of Your rights or obligations under these Terms of Service without Axis's express prior written consent.
22. No Unsolicited Submissions.
Our company policy does not allow Axis to accept or consider unsolicited idea submissions so please do not Post unsolicited idea submissions on or through any Axis Service. Axis wants to avoid the possibility of future misunderstandings when projects developed by Axis or under Axis' direction might seem to others to be similar to their own creative work. Axis therefore asks that You not Post any unsolicited idea submission. In any event, You agree that any submissions You make is not being made in confidence or trust and that no confidential or fiduciary relationship is intended or created between You and Axis in any way, and that You have no expectation of any review, compensation or consideration of any type (other than any stated consideration).
Except as expressly stated in these Terms of Service, the provisions of these Terms of Service apply equally to unsolicited submissions and solicited submissions. Accordingly, Axis, its licensees, distributors, agents, representatives and other authorized users shall be entitled to exploit and disclose all submissions, and Axis shall not be liable to You or to any person claiming through You for any exploitation or disclosure of any submission.
23. Additional Apple Terms
The following additional terms apply to copies of the Axis Service that are accessed through or downloaded from the Apple App Store ("
App Provider
"). In the event that You have acquired the Service via the Apple App Store, You agree that,
A. These Terms are concluded between You and Axis, and not with the App Provider. Axis is responsible for the App (not the App Provider).
B. The App Provider has no obligation to furnish any maintenance and support Service with respect to the App.
C. In the event of any failure of the App to conform to any applicable warranty, You may notify the App Provider, and the App Provider will refund the purchase price for the App to You (if applicable) and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the App Provider will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the App. Any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any warranty will be Axis' responsibility.
D. The App Provider is not responsible for addressing any claims You have relating to the App or Your possession and use of the App, including, but not limited to: (1) product liability claims; (2) any claim that the App fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (3) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation.
E. In the event of any third party claim that the App or Your possession and use of that App infringes that third party's intellectual property rights, Axis will be responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim to the extent required by these Terms.
F. The App Provider, and its subsidiaries, are third party beneficiaries of these Terms as related to Your license of the App, and that, upon Your acceptance of the terms and conditions of these Terms, the App Provider will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms as related to Your license of the App against You as a third party beneficiary thereof. 1 You must also comply with any applicable terms of service provided by the App Provider, when using the App.
24. Additional Google Play Store terms
In the event that You have acquired the Service via the Google Play Store, You agree that,
1 You may request a refund (if applicable) from the App Provider within 48 hours. The App Provider will refund the purchase price (if applicable) for the App to You.
2 The App Provider has no obligation to furnish any maintenance and support Service with respect to the App.
3 When You acquire App/Service via the App Provider You are allowed unlimited reinstall of the application. However, should the App be removed from the App Provider's store, users shall no longer have a right or ability to reinstall affected products.
25. Jurisdictional Issues and Export Control Laws
The Service is controlled and operated by Axis from its offices within India. Axis makes no representation that Content and other materials available through the Service is appropriate or available for use in any other locations. Those who choose to access the Service from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable.
You agree to abide by applicable export control laws and not to transfer, by electronic transmission or otherwise, any Content or other materials subject to restrictions under such laws to a national destination prohibited by such laws, without first obtaining, and then complying with, any requisite government authorization. You further agree not to upload to the Service any data or software that cannot be exported without prior written government authorization, including, but not limited to, certain types of encryption software.
The Content may not be re-exported, downloaded or otherwise exported into (or to a national or resident of) any country to which the U.S. has embargoed goods, or to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department's Table of Denial Orders. You represent and warrant that You are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any country or on any such list.
26. Governing Law
These Terms are governed by the laws of the Mumbai, India without regard to any conflict of laws rules or principles. You hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction, including waiving any objection to personal jurisdiction, of the courts of Mumbai, India without regards to any principles of conflicts of laws and the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods. Those who choose to access the Service from locations outside of Mumbai, India do so on their own initiative contrary to the terms of these Terms of Service, and are responsible for compliance with local laws if and to the extent local laws are applicable.
27. Waiver
Axis' failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. No waiver by either party of any breach or default hereunder will be deemed to be a waiver of any preceding or subsequent breach or default.
28. Severability
If any provision of these Terms of Service are determined to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law including, but not limited to the warranty disclaimer and liability limitations set forth above, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of these Terms shall continue in effect.
Moreover, if any provision contained in this Agreement shall for any reason be held to be excessively broad as to duration, geographical scope, activity or subject, it shall be construed by limiting and reducing it, so as to be enforceable to the extent compatible with the applicable law as it shall then appear.
29. Headings
Any heading, caption or section title contained herein is inserted only as a matter of convenience, and in no way defines or explains any section or provision hereof.
30. Notice
Notices to You may be made via posting to the Service, by email, or by regular mail, in Axis's discretion. Axis may also provide notices of changes to these Terms of Service or other matters by displaying such notices or by providing links to such notices on the Service. Without limitation, You agree that a printed version of these Terms of Service and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to these Terms of Service to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.
31. Notice for California Users
Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, California Website users are entitled to the following specific consumer rights notice: The Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs may be contacted in writing at 400 R Street, Suite 1080, Sacramento, California 95814, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210.
If You are a California resident under the age of 18, and a registered user of any site where this policy is posted, California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 permits You to request and obtain removal of content or information You have publicly posted. To make such a request, please send an email with a detailed description of the specific content or information to legal@babyhazelgames.com. Please be aware that such a request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information You have posted and that there may be circumstances in which the law does not require or allow removal even if requested.
32. In-App Purchases
Identity of Seller
Sales are made by Axis or the seller identified at the time of sale, if different. If You have questions about Your order, please contact the seller at the address provided and they will assist You. Some storefronts on the Axis Service are operated by third parties and, in that case, different or additional sale terms may apply, which You should read when they are presented to You.
Digital Content and Virtual Items
Axis may make applications, games, software or other digital content available on the Axis Service for You to license for a one-time fee. When purchasing a license to access such material from an Axis Service, charges will be disclosed to You on the Axis Service before You complete the license purchase.
Your purchase of a virtual item or in-game currency is a payment for a limited, non-assignable license to access and use such content or functionality in the Axis Services. Virtual items (including characters and character names) or in-game currency purchased or available to You in the Axis Services can only be used in connection with the Axis Services where You obtained them or where they were developed by You as a result of game play. These items are not redeemable or subject to refund and cannot be traded outside of the Axis Services for money or other items for value. Axis may modify or discontinue virtual items or in-game currency at any time.
33. Entire Agreement
These Terms of Service, including the documents expressly incorporated by reference, constitute the entire agreement between You and Axis regarding the Service with respect to its subject matter. These Terms supersede and replace all prior or contemporaneous communications or agreements, whether electronic, oral or written, between You and Axis regarding the Service, and you represent that You have not relied on any such communications in accepting these Terms of Service.
34. Questions & Contact Information
Axis's performance of these Terms of Service are subject to existing laws and legal process, and nothing contained in these Terms of Service is in derogation of Axis's right to comply with governmental, court, and law enforcement requests or requirements relating to Your use of the Service or information provided to or gathered by Axis with respect to such use.
A printed version of these Terms of Service and of any notices given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to these Terms of Service to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.
The parties agree that all correspondence relating to these Terms of Service, shall be written in the English language.
Please contact us
http://www.babyhazelgames.com/contactus/
if You have any questions about these Terms.
Baby Hazel Games Website - Privacy Policy (Kids Privacy Policy)
This Privacy Policy was last updated / effective from May 23, 2019.
This Privacy Policy is incorporated by reference into Axis Entertainment Limited. “
Terms of Service
”. The “Babyhazelgames.com” site is owned and operated by Axis Entertainment Limited. Axis Entertainment Limited. is an entity incorporated under the laws of India.
Axis Entertainment Limited, have its registered office at Greenscape Technocity Building, B/504, Plot No. X-4/ 1&4/ 2, TTC industrial area, Mahape, Navi Mumbai - 400710. (hereinafter referred to as
“Axis”, “Axis site” “Baby Hazel Website”, “Baby Hazel Games” “we”, “us”, and “our”
) its affiliates and subsidiaries.
1. About Our Website
The Privacy Policy explains how “Axis site” may “
Collect
,
Use
, and
Disclose
” information we obtain through the “Axis Service.”
Our practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of information about our users who are under the age of 13, and their parents’ rights to access, review and control the disclosure of such information, is described in our “Children’s Online Privacy Policy” which can be found
here
. This policy comports with the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”).
Through this “Privacy Policy” or “Policy”, Axis is providing the clarity on its privacy practices and principles for the data that is collect from any visitors through Babyhazelgames.com website.
Axis site gives assurance to protect the privacy of all users from the age below or above 13 years, who visits our website and uses applications.
We aim to protect the privacy of our visitors and take care of any personal information we obtain from such users. Our
Privacy Policy
narrates about what data we collected from our visitors, use of those data, and the details about the involvement of third parties. An overall idea is that Axis site collect limited information than is reasonably necessary to help in the activities on our websites.
2. Acceptance of Terms (or privacy policy)
These terms of service, as amended from time to time and published at [
http://www.babyhazelgames.com/terms/
], and is incorporating the Axis privacy policy available at [
http://www.babyhazelgames.com/privacy-policy/
] are a legal agreement between Axis and You ("
You
", "
Your
").
You must read and agree to these terms of service, including the Privacy Policy [
http://www.babyhazelgames.com/privacy-policy
], before using the Service controlled by Axis. By accessing or using the Service, You acknowledge that You have read these terms, understand them, and agree to be bound by the terms and conditions described herein, including Axis Privacy Policy [
http://www.babyhazelgames.com/privacy-policy/
].
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, DO NOT USE THE SERVICE.
If you are a parent or legal guardian, by allowing your kids to use the Baby Hazel Websites, you are agreeing to the terms of this Privacy Policy on the part of your kid.
To know more about the privacy practices specific to the Baby Hazel Games used by kids, please click
here. If you have any questions concerning this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
3. WHICH DATA DO WE COLLECT?
1.1 Data which we receive automatically:
Axis site do not require any registration process and all features on the Axis site are available to visitors. Users are not requested for any kind of personal data such as email addresses and phone numbers.
Axis site collect non-identifiable and anonymous information which may include technical information such as:
Type of operating system (e.g. Android, iOS, etc.),
Type of browser (e.g. Explorer, Firefox, Chrome, Safari, etc.),
Screen resolution (e.g. 800×480, 800x600, 800x400 etc.),
User session ID, time zone, session start / stop time,
Source of traffic (e.g. which ad units, sites or applications, and campaigns a User came from),
Language (e.g. English),
Device type (e.g. Samsung, HTC, iPhone, etc.),
Data regarding user behavior within our Axis site (e.g. advertisements impressions),
User’s response to advertisements (including advertisements viewed or clicked),
User’s gameplay (e.g. level reached, frequency and time spent in the website or any particular game,
User retention, performance errors and problems, website stability, crashes, functioning, etc.), and
Other predefined events and behavior relating thereto (e.g. if User viewed a specific advertisement and other game play events, time of the event, internet connectivity (Wi-Fi, 3G), device time zone, etc.), and
Geo-location – only at a country level.
It is hereby clarified that no street name or city/town name is collected.
1.2 IP Address and Cookies:
Axis site fetches only “User’s IP address, cookies or device ID”.
In case the visitor provides personal data on any third party website or application, the processing of such personal data will be governed by any privacy statement applicable to that site/application. In any case, Axis site shall not act as the Data Controller or the Processor of such personal data.
Visitor’s domain names and IP addresses are automatically identified by our servers. The anonymous “traffic data” is collected by Axis site which may be helpful for analytical purposes or for improving the services we offer but does not personally identify you.
Data collected are the usage information that includes information about how our visitors use and navigate the Axis site. It can also include the numeric figure and frequency of visitors to each web page and the duration of their stays, browser type, and referrer data that identifies the web page visited prior and subsequent to visiting our Site.
Business partners and advertisers receive traffic information from Axis site on an aggregate and anonymous basis. More information about sharing data/information will follow in section 6.
Also, the Advertisers on the Axis site may receive information gathered by cookies for targeted advertising purposes. Further information regarding the use of cookies is given below.
4. Data Retention and its Purposes
Axis site may reserve visitor’s data for the following purposes:
To develop new features and improve the Axis site;
To support upcoming parental service inquiries;
To improve the safety and security of the Axis site; or
Comply with any legal obligations.
To use it for statistical, analytical and research purposes and for customization, development and improvement of our site for Everyone (for example, analyzing and fixing of problems, developing new offerings, providing better content
To measure traffic and usage on the website.
We will reserve your information for as long as is reasonably necessary for relation to the purposes for which this data was collected. In case you have any queries regarding the retention of your personal data, you can contact us at
http://www.babyhazelgames.com/contactus/
5. Cookies
1.1 What are cookies?
The Axis site makes use of “cookies” like many websites and applications which are saved on the visitor’s computer/laptop.
Also, third party networks serving advertisements on the Axis site (the “Advertisers”) might use cookies.
A
cookie
(also called
web cookie
,
Internet cookie
,
browser cookie
) is a small piece of data sent from a website and stored on the user's computer hard drive (local storage) by the user's web browser while the user is browsing.
1.2 Types of cookies
There are two kinds of cookies “
session
” and “
persistent
”. Session cookies get deleted from your computer when the user closes the web browser. A persistent cookie expires at a specific date or after a specific length of time. Persistent cookies reserve information for future use tomorrow, next week, next month.
Advertisers and Axis site may use cookies to lift and personalize visitor’s experience on the Axis site.
For information on how cookies are used on the Axis site, please check the
“Children’s Online Privacy Policy”
section.
1.3 How to manage cookies?
To know how to adjust the settings of your internet browser, we suggest the user visit the website of the browser.
Users can decline the saving of cookies or remove installed cookies from the browser settings on his or her computer. Users can do so through the “Internet Options” by “Clear Browsing Data” or as directed by your browser’s support feature.
Make a note that deleting, removing, rejecting, disabling or turning off any Data Fetching Technologies through the above options will not remove Flash cookies. For more information about Flash cookies and how to remove them from your computer, please visit
Adobe’s website
.
6. Third-party links
The Axis site deliberately links out to the other external link (third party websites).
Certain links provided in the Axis site through advertisements let Users to leave our website and enter non-Axis site or services. These linked sites and services are not under the control of Axis site. It is always advisable to read such documents carefully before using those sites and services, in order to know what kind of information they are collecting. Below mentioned are the names of these third party websites buttons (link) to their privacy policy.
YouTube -
Privacy Policy
Facebook -
Privacy Policy
Amazon -
Privacy Policy
App Store -
Privacy Policy
Play Store -
Privacy Policy
7. Sharing Data
Visitor’s persistent identifiers can be shared with third parties such as business partners by baby Hazel under the following situations:
Safety:
Collected data of users including IP address will be shared by Axis site if its required legally, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation or to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing the Axis site and applicable laws.
Anytime i
Advertisement
X
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
How can I change my choice?
What if I don't consent?
How does legitimate interest work?
Do I have to consent to everything?
You can choose how your personal data is used. Vendors want your permission to do the following:
TCF vendors
Store and/or access information on a device
Cookies, device or similar online identifiers (e.g. login-based identifiers, randomly assigned identifiers, network based identifiers) together with other information (e.g. browser type and information, language, screen size, supported technologies etc.) can be stored or read on your device to recognise it each time it connects to an app or to a website, for one or several of the purposes presented here.
View details
Consent (119 vendors)
Use limited data to select advertising
Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times an ad is presented to you).
View details
Consent (71 vendors)
Legitimate interest (31 vendors)
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Information about your activity on this service (such as forms you submit, content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (for example, information from your previous activity on this service and other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (that might include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present advertising that appears more relevant based on your possible interests by this and other entities.
View details
Consent (97 vendors)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on your advertising profiles, which can reflect your activity on this service or other websites or apps (like the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects.
View details
Consent (92 vendors)
Create profiles to personalise content
Information about your activity on this service (for instance, forms you submit, non-advertising content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (such as your previous activity on this service or other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (which might for example include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present content that appears more relevant based on your possible interests, such as by adapting the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find content that matches your interests.
View details
Consent (28 vendors)
Use profiles to select personalised content
Content presented to you on this service can be based on your content personalisation profiles, which can reflect your activity on this or other services (for instance, the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects. This can for example be used to adapt the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find (non-advertising) content that matches your interests.
View details
Consent (24 vendors)
Measure advertising performance
Information regarding which advertising is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine how well an advert has worked for you or other users and whether the goals of the advertising were reached. For instance, whether you saw an ad, whether you clicked on it, whether it led you to buy a product or visit a website, etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of advertising campaigns.
View details
Consent (77 vendors)
Legitimate interest (45 vendors)
Measure content performance
Information regarding which content is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine whether the (non-advertising) content e.g. reached its intended audience and matched your interests. For instance, whether you read an article, watch a video, listen to a podcast or look at a product description, how long you spent on this service and the web pages you visit etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of (non-advertising) content that is shown to you.
View details
Consent (33 vendors)
Legitimate interest (12 vendors)
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Reports can be generated based on the combination of data sets (like user profiles, statistics, market research, analytics data) regarding your interactions and those of other users with advertising or (non-advertising) content to identify common characteristics (for instance, to determine which target audiences are more receptive to an ad campaign or to certain contents).
View details
Consent (59 vendors)
Legitimate interest (23 vendors)
Develop and improve services
Information about your activity on this service, such as your interaction with ads or content, can be very helpful to improve products and services and to build new products and services based on user interactions, the type of audience, etc. This specific purpose does not include the development or improvement of user profiles and identifiers.
View details
Consent (68 vendors)
Legitimate interest (35 vendors)
Use limited data to select content
Content presented to you on this service can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type, or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times a video or an article is presented to you).
View details
Consent (13 vendors)
Legitimate interest (3 vendors)
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Your data can be used to monitor for and prevent unusual and possibly fraudulent activity (for example, regarding advertising, ad clicks by bots), and ensure systems and processes work properly and securely. It can also be used to correct any problems you, the publisher or the advertiser may encounter in the delivery of content and ads and in your interaction with them.
View details
Deliver and present advertising and content
Certain information (like an IP address or device capabilities) is used to ensure the technical compatibility of the content or advertising, and to facilitate the transmission of the content or ad to your device.
View details
Save and communicate privacy choices
The choices you make regarding the purposes and entities listed in this notice are saved and made available to those entities in the form of digital signals (such as a string of characters). This is necessary in order to enable both this service and those entities to respect such choices.
View details
Match and combine data from other data sources
Information about your activity on this service may be matched and combined with other information relating to you and originating from various sources (for instance your activity on a separate online service, your use of a loyalty card in-store, or your answers to a survey), in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
View details
Link different devices
In support of the purposes explained in this notice, your device might be considered as likely linked to other devices that belong to you or your household (for instance because you are logged in to the same service on both your phone and your computer, or because you may use the same Internet connection on both devices).
View details
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Your device might be distinguished from other devices based on information it automatically sends when accessing the Internet (for instance, the IP address of your Internet connection or the type of browser you are using) in support of the purposes exposed in this notice.
View details
Use precise geolocation data
With your acceptance, your precise location (within a radius of less than 500 metres) may be used in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
View details
Consent
How this consent management platform (CMP) works:
CMP privacy choices
Storage, duration, and usage details
The choices you make with this CMP regarding the purposes and entities will affect how personalized advertising is presented to you. We need to store these choices to respect them on future visits, and they are stored differently based on the type of site or app you're using:
For
sites
, your choices are saved in a cookie named “FCCDCF” for a maximum duration of 390 days.
For
apps
, your choices are saved in device storage prefixed by “IABTCF_”. Your choices will be invalidated after 390 days and overwritten once you make new privacy choices on this app.
For
accelerated mobile page (AMP) sites
, your choices are saved in local storage prefixed by “amp-store”. Your choices will be invalidated after 390 days and overwritten once you make new privacy choices on this site.
Vendor preferences
Vendors can use your data to provide services. Declining a vendor can stop them from using the data you shared.
TCF vendors
Exponential Interactive, Inc d/b/a VDX.tv
Cookie duration: 90 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Roq.ad GmbH
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
AdMaxim Limited
Cookie duration: 30 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Index Exchange Inc.
Cookie duration: 395 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Quantcast
Cookie duration: 1825 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
BeeswaxIO Corporation
Cookie duration: 395 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Sovrn, Inc.
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Adikteev
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
RTB House S.A.
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
The UK Trade Desk Ltd
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Nexxen Inc.
Cookie duration: 180 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Epsilon
Cookie duration: 1832 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Yahoo EMEA Limited
Cookie duration: 397 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
ADventori SAS
Cookie duration: 90 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Triple Lift, Inc.
Cookie duration: 90 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Xandr, Inc.
Cookie duration: 90 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
NEORY GmbH
Cookie duration: 90 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Nexxen Group LLC
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
NEURAL.ONE
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
ADITION (Virtual Minds GmbH)
Cookie duration: 90 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Active Agent (Virtual Minds GmbH)
Cookie duration: 90 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Taboola Europe Limited
Cookie duration: 366 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Equativ
Cookie duration: 396 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Adform A/S
Cookie duration: 3650 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Magnite, Inc.
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
RATEGAIN ADARA INC
Cookie duration: 730 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Sift Media, Inc
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Non-precise location data, Precise location data
more
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Rakuten Marketing LLC
Cookie duration: 730 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Lumen Research Limited
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data
more
View details
|
Privacy policy
Legitimate interest
Amazon Ad Server
Cookie duration: 396 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
OpenX
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Yieldlab (Virtual Minds GmbH)
Cookie duration: 90 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Roku Advertising Services
Cookie duration: 396 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Nano Interactive Group Ltd.
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: Device characteristics, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data
more
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Simplifi Holdings LLC
Cookie duration: 366 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device identifiers, Precise location data
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
PubMatic, Inc
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Comscore B.V.
Cookie duration: 720 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Flashtalking
Cookie duration: 730 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
PulsePoint, Inc.
Cookie duration: 1830 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Smaato, Inc.
Cookie duration: 21 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Semasio GmbH
Cookie duration: 366 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Crimtan Holdings Limited
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Genius Sports UK Limited
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Criteo SA
Cookie duration: 390 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Adloox SA
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Blis Global Limited
Cookie duration: 400 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Lotame Solutions, Inc
Cookie duration: 274 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
LiveRamp
Cookie duration: 3653 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
GroupM UK Limited
Cookie duration: 395 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
LoopMe Limited
Cookie duration: 90 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Dynata LLC
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Ask Locala
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Azira
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
DoubleVerify Inc.​
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
View details
|
Privacy policy
Legitimate interest
BIDSWITCH GmbH
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
IPONWEB GmbH
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
NextRoll, Inc.
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Teads France SAS
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Ströer SSP GmbH (SSP)
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
OS Data Solutions GmbH
Cookie duration: 90 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Permodo GmbH
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Platform161 B.V.
Cookie duration: 396 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Basis Global Technologies, Inc.
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
SMADEX, S.L.U.
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Bombora Inc.
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
EASYmedia GmbH
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Remerge GmbH
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
advanced store GmbH
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: Device identifiers
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Magnite CTV, Inc.
Cookie duration: 366 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Delta Projects AB
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
usemax advertisement (Emego GmbH)
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Users’ profiles
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
emetriq GmbH
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Publicis Media GmbH
Cookie duration: 1825 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
M.D. Primis Technologies Ltd.
Cookie duration: 25 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
OneTag Limited
Cookie duration: 396 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Cloud Technologies S.A.
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Smartology Limited
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Improve Digital
Cookie duration: 90 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Adobe Advertising Cloud
Cookie duration: 730 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Bannerflow AB
Cookie duration: 366 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
TabMo SAS
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Integral Ad Science (incorporating ADmantX)
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
View details
|
Privacy policy
Legitimate interest
Wizaly
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Weborama
Cookie duration: 393 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Jivox Corporation
Cookie duration: 30 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Sojern, Inc.
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Vistar Media EMEA BV
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: Non-precise location data
more
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
On Device Research Limited
Cookie duration: 30 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Rockabox Media Ltd
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data
more
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Legitimate interest
Exactag GmbH
Cookie duration: 180 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Celtra Inc.
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Precise location data
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
mainADV Srl
Cookie duration: 30 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Gemius SA
Cookie duration: 1825 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
The Kantar Group Limited
Cookie duration: 914 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Nielsen Media Research Ltd.
Cookie duration: 120 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Solocal SA
Cookie duration: 398 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Pixalate, Inc.
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data
more
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Numberly
Cookie duration: 180 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
AudienceProject A/S
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Demandbase, Inc.
Cookie duration: 730 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Effiliation / Effinity
Cookie duration: 30 (days).
Data collected and processed: Device characteristics
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Arrivalist Co.
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Non-precise location data
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Seenthis AB
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics
more
View details
|
Privacy policy
Commanders Act
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device identifiers
more
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
travel audience GmbH
Cookie duration: 397 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
HUMAN
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Non-precise location data
more
View details
|
Privacy policy
Legitimate interest
Blendee srl
Cookie duration: 366 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Innovid LLC
Cookie duration: 90 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Papirfly AS
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: Device characteristics
more
View details
|
Privacy policy
Legitimate interest
Neustar, Inc., a TransUnion company
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Verve Group Europe GmbH
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Otto GmbH & Co. KGaA
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Adobe Audience Manager, Adobe Experience Platform
Cookie duration: 180 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Localsensor B.V.
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Online Solution
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Relay42 Netherlands B.V.
Cookie duration: 730 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
GP One GmbH
Cookie duration: Uses session cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Liftoff Monetize and Vungle Exchange
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
The MediaGrid Inc.
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Reppublika Research & Analytics Austria GmbH
Cookie duration: 180 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Users’ profiles
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Cint AB
Cookie duration: 730 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Google Advertising Products
Cookie duration: 396 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
GfK GmbH
Cookie duration: 730 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
RevJet
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device identifiers, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Protected Media LTD
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data
more
View details
|
Privacy policy
Legitimate interest
Clinch Labs LTD
Cookie duration: 730 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Hearts and Science München GmbH
Cookie duration: 60 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Amazon Advertising
Cookie duration: 396 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Moloco, Inc.
Cookie duration: 730 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Non-precise location data
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Adtriba GmbH
Cookie duration: 730 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Ensighten
Cookie duration: 1825 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Legitimate interest
MetrixLab Nederland B.V.
Cookie duration: 730 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Hurra Communications GmbH
Cookie duration: 366 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Ad partners
Akamai
Privacy policy
Consent
Meta
Privacy policy
Consent
Aunica
Privacy policy
Consent
Booking.com
Privacy policy
Consent
C3 Metrics
Privacy policy
Consent
IBM
Privacy policy
Consent
eBay
Privacy policy
Consent
Evidon
Privacy policy
Consent
Adacado
Privacy policy
Consent
intelliAd
Privacy policy
Consent
Dstillery
Privacy policy
Consent
MediaMath
Privacy policy
Consent
ZMS
Privacy policy
Consent
Omnicom Media Group
Privacy policy
Consent
Resonate
Privacy policy
Consent
Smart
Privacy policy
Consent
Tradedoubler AB
Privacy policy
Consent
TrustArc
Privacy policy
Consent
TruEffect
Privacy policy
Consent
Travel Data Collective
Privacy policy
Consent
advolution.control
Privacy policy
Consent
LifeStreet
Privacy policy
Consent
Batch Media
Privacy policy
Consent
Vodafone GmbH
Privacy policy
Consent
Magnite
Privacy policy
Consent
Scenestealer
Privacy policy
Consent
Netquest
Privacy policy
Consent
Manage.com
Privacy policy
Consent
Cloudflare
Privacy policy
Consent
Salesforce DMP
Privacy policy
Consent
Netflix
Privacy policy
Consent
ebuilders
Privacy policy
Consent
AppLovin Corp.
Privacy policy
Consent
Fractional Media
Privacy policy
Consent
Rackspace
Privacy policy
Consent
MSI-ACI
Privacy policy
Consent
Admetrics
Privacy policy
Consent
Navegg
Privacy policy
Consent
Admedo
Privacy policy
Consent
Kochava
Privacy policy
Consent
Mobitrans
Privacy policy
Consent
ADEX
Privacy policy
Consent
Impact
Privacy policy
Consent
Spotad
Privacy policy
Consent
Aarki
Privacy policy
Consent
SFR
Privacy policy
Consent
Cablato
Privacy policy
Consent
Waystack
Privacy policy
Consent
TreSensa
Privacy policy
Consent
Adludio
Privacy policy
Consent
gskinner
Privacy policy
Consent
CUBED
Privacy policy
Consent
Optomaton
Privacy policy
Consent
Dentsu Aegis Network
Privacy policy
Consent
Digiseg
Privacy policy
Consent
Haensel AMS
Privacy policy
Consent
BDSK Handels GmbH & Co. KG
Privacy policy
Consent
Objective Partners
Privacy policy
Consent
Marketing Science Consulting Group, Inc.
Privacy policy
Consent
DENTSU
Privacy policy
Consent
Kobler
Privacy policy
Consent
Widespace
Privacy policy
Consent
Vimeo
Privacy policy
Consent
Oracle Data Cloud
Privacy policy
Consent
Close
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.babyhazelgames.com/privacy-policy/:
Cooking
Top Categories
Kids
Top Categories
Picnic
Adventure
Games
Playing
Doctor
Top Categories
Injection
Sick
Medicine
Treatment
Dress Up
Top Categories
Princes
Profession
Sports
Holiday
Baby Games
Top Categories
Newborn
Hair
Baby
Party
Grooming
Top Categories
Makeover
Makeup
Nailout
Dressup
Party
Top Categories
Holiday
Celebration
Birthday
Cooking
Pet
Top Categories
Cat
Dog
Pet
Fish
×
Cooking
Kids
Doctor
Dress Up
Baby Games
Grooming
Party
Pet
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last updated / effective date: 27th December 2016
Please read these Terms of Service (also referred to as "
Terms
") carefully before using the Service of Axis Entertainment Limited or its affiliates ("
Axis
"). These Terms govern and apply to all persons who access or use ("
Users
") Axis-operated internet service, including but not limited to babyhazelgames.com, the Axis-operated social media channels, and mobile/in-browser downloads and apps, (all collectively referred to as the "
Service
").
1. Acceptance of Terms
THESE TERMS OF SERVICE, AS AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME AND PUBLISHED AT [
http://www.babyhazelgames.com/terms/
], AND AS INCORPORATING THE AXIS PRIVACY POLICY AVAILABLE AT [
http://www.babyhazelgames.com/privacy-policy/
] ARE A LEGAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN AXIS AND YOU ("
You
", "
Your
").
You must read and agree to these terms of service, including the Privacy Policy [
http://www.babyhazelgames.com/privacy-policy
], before using the Service controlled by Axis. By accessing or using the Service, You acknowledge that You have read these terms, understand them, and agree to be bound by the terms and conditions described herein, including Axis's Privacy Policy [
http://www.babyhazelgames.com/privacy-policy/
]. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, DO NOT USE THE SERVICE.
You are responsible for regularly reviewing the Terms of Service, as the Terms of Service may be modified at any time. All such modifications will be effective immediately upon posting. If You are dissatisfied with any modification to the Terms of Service, Your only remedy is to terminate Your use of the Service, in the manner described in the Termination and Survivability portion of these Terms of Service. Your continued use of the Service after a change or update has been made to the Terms of Service constitutes Your acceptance of such change or update.
2. Ownership of Axis Content
"Content" shall mean including, without limitation, data, images, drawings, photographs, video, audio, text, virtual items and/or in-game purchases, and any and all other material and information You see on the Service, whether provided by Axis or by users of the Service. ALL USE OF CONTENT IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND AT YOUR OWN RISK.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT ALL CONTENT IS THE PROPERTY OF AXIS AND/OR ITS LICENSORS AND THAT YOU HAVE NO INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OR OTHER RIGHTS IN ANY CONTENT, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER THAT CONTENT WAS PROVIDED BY AXIS, YOU, OR ANOTHER USER OF THE SERVICE.
You acknowledge that the Content and Service are protected by copyrights, trademarks, and other proprietary rights owned by Axis, and/or its licensors, including rights to the selection, coordination, arrangement and enhancement of such Content, and that these rights are valid and protected in all media existing now or later developed. Except as expressly provided herein, Axis and its licensors do not grant You any express or implied rights, and all right, title and interest that Axis has in the Service, that are not expressly granted by Axis to You are retained by Axis. No Content may be modified, copied, distributed, framed, reproduced, republished, downloaded, scraped, displayed, posted, transmitted or sold in any form or by any means, in whole or in part, without Axis's prior written permission, except that the foregoing does not apply to Your own posted submission.
You acknowledge and agree that any feedback, comments or suggestions You may provide regarding the Service ("
Feedback
") is given entirely voluntary and, even if designated as confidential, will not create any confidentiality obligation for Axis and Axis will be free to use, disclose, reproduce, license, distribute, and otherwise exploit such Feedback as Axis sees fit, entirely without obligation or restriction of any kind on account of intellectual property rights or otherwise.
3. Limitations on Use of Axis Content
ANY USE OF THE SERVICE IN VIOLATION OF THESE TERMS OF SERVICE WILL BE REGARDED AS AN INFRINGEMENT OF AXIS'S COPYRIGHT RIGHTS IN AND TO THE CONTENT.
4. Community Guidelines
The Axis Service has interactive elements. The following rules of conduct apply to the Axis Service.
A. You must be 13 years or older to use these Services or have parental consent.
B. You may not publish, post, upload, transmit, distribute, disseminate or otherwise make available any material that is harmful, abusive, vulgar, sexually explicit, defamatory, libelous, obscene, infringing, embarrassing, unwanted, invasive of another's right of privacy or publicity, hateful or racially, ethnically or otherwise offensive or objectionable.
C. You are responsible for any activity that occurs under Your registered screen name.
D. You may not impersonate another person or represent Yourself as affiliated with Axis or Axis's staff.
E. You are responsible for keeping Your password secure.
F. You must not abuse, harass, threaten, impersonate, or intimidate other Axis users.
G. You may not restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Service, including but not limited to by disrupting the flow of chat in chat rooms with vulgar language, abusiveness, hitting the return key repeatedly, inputting excessively large images so the screen goes by too fast to read, use of excessive SHOUTING (all capital letters) in an attempt to disturb other users, "spamming," or flooding (continuous posting repetitive text).
H. You may not use web URLs in Your name or posts without prior written consent from Axis
I. You may not use the Axis Service for any illegal or unauthorized purpose or promote or encourage illegal activity. International users agree to comply with all local laws regarding online conduct and acceptable content.
J. You are responsible for verifying the safety, suitability, and functional state of any items or Service given, shared, sold, or received via Axis.
K. You may not intentionally misrepresent any items or Service given, shared, or sold via Axis.
L. You are responsible for ensuring and being able to verify that You have legal standing to offer items (whether giving, selling, exchanging, sharing, or otherwise) posted on or using Axis.
M. You are responsible for Your conduct and any data, text, messages, ideas, concepts, pitches, suggestions, stories, screenplays, treatments, formats, artwork, photographs, drawings, videos, audiovisual works, musical compositions (including lyrics), sound recordings, characterizations, Your and/or other persons' names, likenesses, voices, usernames, profiles, actions, appearances, performances and/or other biographical information or material, and/or other similar materials that You submit, post, and display on Axis.
N. Axis does not control, is not responsible for and makes no representations or warranties with respect to any user content.
O. You are responsible for Your access to, use of and/or reliance on any user content. You must conduct any necessary, appropriate, prudent or judicious investigation, inquiry, research and due diligence with respect to any user content.
P. In compliance with COPPA, if You find someone 13 years old or younger using the service without parental consent, please contact Axis.
This list is an example and is not intended to be complete or exclusive. Axis doesn't have an obligation to monitor Your access to or use of the Service or to review or edit any information posted to Axis, by the user. However, Axis has the right to do so for the purpose of operating the Service, to ensure Your compliance with these Terms, or to comply with applicable law or the order or requirement of a court, administrative agency or other governmental body.
Axis reserves the right, at any time and without prior notice, to remove or disable access to any data submitted by a user, that Axis considers, in its sole discretion, to be in violation of these Terms, or harmful to the Service. Deleted content may be stored by Axis in order to comply with certain legal obligations and is not retrievable without a valid court order. Consequently, Axis encourages You to maintain Your own backup of Your Content. Axis will not be liable to You for any modification, suspension, or discontinuation of the Axis Service, or the loss of any Content.
The Content available through the Service has not been reviewed, verified or authenticated by us, and may include inaccuracies or false information. Axis makes no representations, warranties, or guarantees in connection with the Service or any Content on the Service, relating to the quality, suitability, truth, accuracy or completeness of any Content contained in the Service.
4. Rules of Conduct
Axis' Service has or may have interactive elements. By way of examples and not as limitations, You agree that:
A. You may not access or try to access non-public areas of the Service, Axis computer systems, or the technical delivery systems employed by the Service.
B. You may not use any robot, spider, site search/retrieval application or other automated device, process or means to access, retrieve, crawl, scrape, or otherwise index any portion of the Service any content from Axis including but not limited to posted items, user profiles, names, addresses, email addresses, and photos.
C. You may not publish, post, upload, transmit, distribute, disseminate or otherwise make available any material for which copyright management or digital rights management information, such as author attributions, legal or other proper notices or proprietary designations or labels of the origin or source of software or other material has been falsified, deleted, or otherwise disabled.
D. You may not Publish, post, upload, transmit, distribute, disseminate or otherwise make available any automation software programs or any other unauthorized third-party software program designed to modify the Service.
E. You may not Publish, post, upload, transmit, distribute, disseminate or otherwise make available any material regarding hacking, cracking, exploiting, or otherwise making use of the Service or the Content in any manner.
F. You may not institute an attack upon any server used in connection with the Service or any portion thereof or otherwise attempt to disrupt such servers.
G. You may not gather and use information, such as users' name, real names or email addresses which are made available through the service for any purpose outside of these Terms, including but not limited to Spam or any other form of unwanted solicitation.
H. You may not publish, post, upload, transmit, distribute, disseminate or otherwise make available any files that contain viruses, spyware, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots, corrupted data, or any other similar software or programs that may damage or interfere with the operation of the Service, other users' access to the Service and/or other users' computers.
I. You may not, in the use of Axis Service, violate any laws in Your jurisdiction (including but not limited to copyright laws).
J. Violation of this agreement can result in the termination of Your Axis account. You agree to indemnify and hold Axis harmless as indicated below in the section titled Indemnification.
K. While Axis prohibits certain conduct and content on its Service, You understand and agree that Axis cannot be responsible for the Content posted on its Service and You nonetheless may be exposed to such materials and that You use the Service at Your own risk.
Q. You may not make false reports to Axis administrators.
R. You may not modify, adapt, sublicense, translate, sell, reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble all or any portion of the Service or the Content.
L. You may not remove, alter, conceal any copyright, trademark, patent or other proprietary rights notices contained in the Service and/or the Content.
5. General Conditions
A. Axis reserves the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason at any time.
B. Axis reserves the right to force forfeiture of any username that becomes inactive, violates intellectual property rights, defames, or may mislead other users.
C. Axis may, but has no obligation to, remove Content and accounts containing Content that Axis determines in its sole discretion are unlawful, offensive, threatening, defamatory, obscene or otherwise objectionable or violates any party's intellectual property or these Terms of Service.
D. Axis reserves the right to reclaim usernames on behalf of businesses or individuals that hold legal claim or trademark on those usernames.
6. Ownership of User-Generated Content
A. Axis does NOT claim ANY ownership rights in the text, files, images, photos, video, sounds, musical works, works of authorship, applications, or any other Content that You post on or submit through the Axis Service. By posting, uploading, embedding, displaying, communicating, or otherwise distributing ("
Posting
") any Content on or through the Axis Service, You hereby grant to Axis a non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, fully paid and royalty-free, worldwide, sublicensable and transferable license to all copyrights, trademarks, patents, trade secrets, privacy and publicity rights and other intellectual and industrial property rights ("
Rights
"). This grant allows Axis to use, modify, publicly perform, publicly display, reproduce, distribute, and generally exploit such Content, including without limitation distributing part or all of the Content in any media formats, for any purpose, through any media channels, known or unknown.
B. Some of the Axis Service are supported by advertising revenue and may display advertisements and promotions, and You hereby agree that Axis may place such advertising and promotions on the Axis Service or on, about, or in conjunction with Your Content. The manner, mode, and extent of such advertising and promotions are subject to change without specific notice to You.
C. You represent and warrant that: (i) You own the Content posted by You on or through the Axis Service or otherwise have the right to grant the license set forth in this section, (ii) the posting and use of Your Content on or through the Axis Service does not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, contract rights, intellectual property rights, or any other rights of any person, and (iii) the posting of Your Content on the Service does not result in a breach of contract between You and a third party. You agree to pay for all royalties, fees, and any other monies owing any person by reason of Content You post on or through the Service per the section titled Indemnification.
D. Axis owns and retains all rights in the Axis Content and the Axis Service. Axis hereby grants You a limited, revocable, non-sublicensable license to reproduce and display the Axis Content (excluding any software code) solely for Your personal use in connection with viewing postings and using the Service.
E. The Service does or may contain Content of Users and other Axis licensors. Except as provided within this Agreement, You may not copy, modify, create derivative works, publicly display, publicly perform, or digitally transmit any Content appearing on or through the Service.
F. To the extent any "moral rights," "ancillary rights," or similar rights ("
Moral Rights
") in or to the Postings exist and are not exclusively licensed by Axis and to the extent You are able to do so under applicable law, You agree not to enforce any such rights as to Axis or its licensees, distributors, agents, representatives and other authorized users, and You shall procure the same agreement not to enforce from any others who may possess such rights.
G. Without limiting the scope of the license or any future grant of rights, consents, agreements, assignments, and waivers You may make with respect to Postings, and to the extent allowed by applicable law, You hereby ratify any prior grant of rights, consents, agreements, assignments and waivers made by You with respect to Postings submitted by You to Axis.
H. By Posting to the Service, You waive any right to send a copyright or terms of service related account strike on any of Axis' third-party accounts based on the Content You Posted or any work derived from that Content.
I. By submitting Your contact information through Axis Service, You opt-in and consent to being added to Axis-controlled mailing lists.
7. Axis' Copyright Policy
You will refrain from posting any information or items to the Service which is copied, in whole or in part, from third party sources without authorization. For further clarification, please see the U.S. Law on Copyrights, or see the web sites of the U.S. Copyright Office or U.S. Trademark Office. The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the "
DMCA
") provides recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the Internet infringes their rights under U.S. copyright law. If You believe in good faith that materials hosted by Axis infringe Your copyright, You (or Your agent) may send us a notice requesting that the material be removed or access to it blocked.
It is Axis' policy to expeditiously respond to clear notices of alleged copyright infringement that comply with the DMCA. The form of notice specified below is consistent with the form suggested by the DMCA (the text of which can be found at the U.S. Copyright Office Web Site, http://www.copyright.gov), but Axis will respond to notices of this form from other jurisdictions as well.
It is expected that all users of any part of Axis will comply with applicable copyright laws. However, if Axis receives proper notification of claimed copyright infringement, Axis' response to these notices will include removing or disabling access to material claimed to be the subject of infringing activity and/or terminating subscribers, regardless of whether Axis may be liable for such infringement under United States law or the laws of another jurisdiction.
If Axis removes or disable access in response to such a notice, Axis will make a good-faith attempt to contact the owner or administrator of the affected Service or Content so that Axis may make a counter notification pursuant to Sections 512(g)(2) and (3) of the DMCA. Axis may also document notices of alleged infringement on which it acts.
8. Designated Agent
Axis's Designated Agent to receive notification of alleged infringement under the DMCA is:
legal@babyhazelgames.com
Upon receipt of proper notification of claimed infringement, Axis will follow the procedures outlined herein and in the DMCA.
9. Infringement Notification
If You believe that Your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or Your intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated, please provide Axis's Registered Agent (listed above) the following information in a written communication (preferably via email):
A. Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;
B. Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit Axis to locate the material;
C. Information reasonably sufficient to permit Axis to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an email address at which the complaining party may be contacted;
D. The following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law";
E. The following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification is accurate, and that I am the copyright owner or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed"; and
F. A physical or electronic signature of the owner or a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Please note that You may be liable for damages (including costs and attorneys' fees) if You materially misrepresent that material is infringing Your copyrights. Accordingly, if You are not sure whether material available online infringes Your copyright, Axis suggests that You first contact an attorney.
10. Counter Notification
A provider of content subject to a claim of infringement may make a counter notification pursuant to sections 512(g)(2) and (3) of the DMCA. To file a counter notification with us, please provide Axis's Registered Agent (listed above) the following information in a written communication (preferably via email):
A. Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled;
B. Your name, address, and telephone number;
C. The following statement: "I consent to the jurisdiction of Federal District Court for the [insert the federal judicial district in which Your address is located]";
D. The following statement: "I will accept service of process from [insert the name of the person who submitted the infringement notification] or his/her agent";
E. The following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that I have a good faith belief that the affected material was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled"; and
F. Your signature, in physical or electronic form.
Upon receipt of such counter notification, Axis will promptly provide the person who provided the original infringement notification with a copy of the counter notification, and inform that person that Axis will replace the removed material or cease disabling access to it in 10 business days. Axis will replace the removed material and cease disabling access to it not less than 10, nor more than 14, business days following receipt of the counter notice, unless the Axis Designated Agent first receives notice from the person who submitted the original infringement notification that such person has filed an action seeking a court order to restrain the subscriber from engaging in infringing activity relating to the material on Axis systems or network.
11. Repeat Infringers
In accordance with Section 512(i)(1)(a) of the DMCA, Axis will, in appropriate circumstances, disable and/or terminate the accounts of users who are repeat infringers.
12. Accommodation of Standard Technical Measures
It is Axis's policy to accommodate and not interfere with standard technical measures used by copyright owners to identify or protect copyrighted works that Axis determines are reasonable under the circumstances.
13. Privacy/Security
You understand that any information provided by You or collected by Axis in connection with Your use of the Service will be used in the manner described in these Terms of Service and in Axis's Privacy Policy [http://www.babyhazelgames.com/privacy-policy/], such privacy policy being incorporated into and made a part of these Terms of Service by this reference. If You do not agree to the Privacy Policy you may not use the Service. Without limiting the terms of the Privacy Policy, You understand that Axis does not guarantee that Your use of the Service and/or the information provided by You will be private or secure, and Axis is not responsible or liable to You for any lack of privacy or security You may experience. You are fully responsible for taking precautions and providing security measures best suited for Your situation and intended use of the Service.
14. Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold Axis harmless from and against any and all costs, damages, liabilities, and expenses (including attorneys' fees) Axis incurs in relation to, arising from, or for the purpose of avoiding, any claim or demand from a third party that Your (i) use or misuse of, or access to the Service, or the use of the Service, (ii) violation of the Terms of this agreement, by any person using Your account, violates any applicable law or regulation, or the rights of any third party; (iii) Your Content; (iv) Your (a) interaction with any users, (b) transfer of any item, (c) creation of an item post or (d) the use, condition or suitability of a given item by You, including, but not limited to any injuries, losses, or damages of any kind arising in connection with or as a result of request for or use of an item.
Axis retains the right to employ Axis's own counsel. You remain solely responsible for Axis's defense and must obtain Axis's written consent to a settlement. You agree to notify Axis of a pending suit claiming You have violated a third party's intellectual property or other rights. Axis requires that You confirm Your indemnification in case of a lawsuit; failure to do so may be considered a breach of Your Terms of Service.
15. Integration with Third Party Service
If You are using the Axis Service combined, integrated, or used with third party products, software applications, or website ("
Third Party Service[s]
"), You agree that: (i) You may be required to enter into a separate license agreement with the relevant third party owner or licensor for the use of their Third Party Service (ii) the functionality of Axis or the Service, may be diminished when operating through a Third Party Service; (iii) Axis cannot guarantee that the Service shall always be available on or in connection with such Third Party Service.
These Third Party Services are not controlled by Axis. Axis is not responsible for the information of the Third Party Services, for the business practices or privacy policies of the Third Party Services, or for the collection, use or disclosure of any information by the Third Party Services. Axis provides links to the Third Party Services only as a matter of convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply an endorsement by Axis of any Third Party Service.
You acknowledge and agree that Axis does not endorse, and shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such information, goods or services available on or through any Third Party Services. You agree that Your use of the Third Party Services, including without limitation Your use of any information, data, advertising, products, or other materials on or available through the Third Party Services, is at Your own risk and is subject to the term and conditions or use applicable to the Third Party Services.
Axis is not involved in any way in the actual transaction between the Third Party Services and You. Axis acts solely as a passive conduit for the Third Party Services' sales, distribution and the communication of Your information with regards to transaction with Third Party Services.
You assume any and all risks, known or unknown, now existing or hereafter arising, related to the transactions with the Third Party Services' items, including, but not limited to, completing transactions, default, negligence, unauthorized use of Your Account and password and other users acting under false identity.
You acknowledge that Axis is not a part to any possible future disputes between You and the Third Party Services. Resolution of any dispute is the full and sole responsibility of the involved parties and Axis will not act as a mediator between them. You release Axis, its agents, representatives and employees, from any and all claims, demands and damages, direct and indirect, suspected and unsuspected, arising from such dispute.
16. Modification
Axis reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace any of these Terms, on the Axis website, by sending You notice through the Service, or via email. Axis may also impose limits on certain features and Service or restrict access to parts or all of the Service without notice or liability. It is Your responsibility to check these Terms periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Service following the posting of any changes to these Terms constitutes acceptance of those changes.
17. Termination and Survivability
These Terms of Service are effective until terminated. Axis may terminate, change, suspend, or discontinue the Service (including without limitation, the availability of any feature, database, or content) or Your access to all or any part of the Service at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately, which may result in the forfeiture and destruction of all information associated with Your use of the Service and related Content.
The provisions titled Ownership of Axis Content, Limitations of Use of Axis Content, Indemnity, Dispute Resolution, and Governing Law shall survive any termination of these Terms.
18. Disclaimer of Warranty
You understand and agree that the Service are provided to You "AS IS" and on an "AS AVAILABLE" basis. Without limiting the foregoing, AXIS EXPLICITLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE. Axis makes no warranty that the Service will meet Your requirements or be available on an uninterrupted, secure, or error-free basis.
19. Limitation of Liability
"
Axis Parties
" means Axis and its affiliates, subsidiaries, officers, directors, stockholders, employees, licensors, distributors, sublicensees, agents or subcontractors).
YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT USE OF THE SERVICE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS FOR YOUR USE, WITHOUT WARRANTIES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, ACCURACY, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND ANY WARRANTIES THAT MAY ARISE FROM COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE OR USAGE OF TRADE) OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, UNLESS SUCH WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS ARE LEGALLY INCAPABLE OF EXCLUSION.
THE DISCLAIMERS OF LIABILITY CONTAINED IN THIS SECTION APPLY TO ANY DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF DATA OR LOST PROFITS) OR INJURY CAUSE BY ANY FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE, ERROR, OMISSION, INTERRUPTION, DELETION, DEFECT, DELAY IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION, COMPUTER VIRUS, THEFT OR DESTRUCTION OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO, ALTERATION OF, WHETHER FOR BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORTIOUS BEHAVIOR, NEGLIGENCE, OR UNDER ANY OTHER CAUSE OF ACTION.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOUR EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR ANY DISPUTE WITH AXIS IS TO STOP USING THE SERVICE, AND TO CANCEL YOUR ACCOUNT(S). IN NO CASE SHALL THE LIABILITY OF THE AXIS PARTIES TO YOU EXCEED THE AMOUNT THAT YOU PAID TO AXIS OR ITS DESIGNEES FOR THE APPLICABLE SERVICES GIVING RISE TO ANY SUCH LIABILITY. IN NO CASE SHALL THE AXIS PARTIES BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE OR THE CONTENT, OR FOR ANY OTHER CLAIM RELATED IN ANY WAY TO YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE OR THE CONTENT, OR INTERACTIONS WITH AXIS.
BECAUSE SOME STATES OR JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, IN SUCH STATES OR JURISDICTIONS, THE LIABILITY OF AXIS AND THE AXIS PARTIES SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. AXIS DOES NOT ENDORSE, WARRANT OR GUARANTEE ANY THIRD-PARTY PRODUCT OR SERVICE OFFERED THROUGH THE SERVICE AND WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO OR IN ANY WAY BE RESPONSIBLE FOR MONITORING ANY TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES.
20. Dispute Resolution
For any dispute You have with Axis, You agree to first attempt to resolve the dispute with Axis informally. In the unlikely event that Axis has not been able to resolve a dispute after attempting to do so informally, You and Axis each agree to resolve any claim, dispute, or controversy (excluding claims for injunctive or other equitable relief) arising out of or in connection with or relating to these Terms, or breach or alleged breach thereof (collectively, "
Claims
"), by binding arbitration.
Unless You and Axis decide otherwise, arbitration will be conducted in Mumbai, India, unless objectively, unduly burdensome to one party such that it would render this requirement unenforcable. Each party will be responsible for paying any filing, administrative and arbitrator fees. The award rendered by the arbitrator shall include costs of arbitration, reasonable attorneys' fees and reasonable costs for experts and other witnesses, and any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. Nothing in this section shall prevent either party from seeking injunctive or equitable relief from the courts for matters related to intellectual property rights or unauthorized access to the Service.
TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ALL CLAIMS MUST BE BROUGHT IN THE PARTIES' INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING, AND, UNLESS BOTH PARTIES AGREE OTHERWISE, THE ARBITRATOR MAY NOT CONSOLIDATE MORE THAN ONE PERSON'S CLAIMS. YOU AGREE THAT, BY ENTERING INTO THESE TERMS, YOU AND AXIS ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY OR TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION.
21. Assignment
Axis may assign these Terms of Service, in whole or in part, at any time. You may not assign, transfer or sublicense these Terms of Service or any or all of Your rights or obligations under these Terms of Service without Axis's express prior written consent.
22. No Unsolicited Submissions.
Our company policy does not allow Axis to accept or consider unsolicited idea submissions so please do not Post unsolicited idea submissions on or through any Axis Service. Axis wants to avoid the possibility of future misunderstandings when projects developed by Axis or under Axis' direction might seem to others to be similar to their own creative work. Axis therefore asks that You not Post any unsolicited idea submission. In any event, You agree that any submissions You make is not being made in confidence or trust and that no confidential or fiduciary relationship is intended or created between You and Axis in any way, and that You have no expectation of any review, compensation or consideration of any type (other than any stated consideration).
Except as expressly stated in these Terms of Service, the provisions of these Terms of Service apply equally to unsolicited submissions and solicited submissions. Accordingly, Axis, its licensees, distributors, agents, representatives and other authorized users shall be entitled to exploit and disclose all submissions, and Axis shall not be liable to You or to any person claiming through You for any exploitation or disclosure of any submission.
23. Additional Apple Terms
The following additional terms apply to copies of the Axis Service that are accessed through or downloaded from the Apple App Store ("
App Provider
"). In the event that You have acquired the Service via the Apple App Store, You agree that,
A. These Terms are concluded between You and Axis, and not with the App Provider. Axis is responsible for the App (not the App Provider).
B. The App Provider has no obligation to furnish any maintenance and support Service with respect to the App.
C. In the event of any failure of the App to conform to any applicable warranty, You may notify the App Provider, and the App Provider will refund the purchase price for the App to You (if applicable) and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the App Provider will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the App. Any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any warranty will be Axis' responsibility.
D. The App Provider is not responsible for addressing any claims You have relating to the App or Your possession and use of the App, including, but not limited to: (1) product liability claims; (2) any claim that the App fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (3) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation.
E. In the event of any third party claim that the App or Your possession and use of that App infringes that third party's intellectual property rights, Axis will be responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim to the extent required by these Terms.
F. The App Provider, and its subsidiaries, are third party beneficiaries of these Terms as related to Your license of the App, and that, upon Your acceptance of the terms and conditions of these Terms, the App Provider will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms as related to Your license of the App against You as a third party beneficiary thereof. 1 You must also comply with any applicable terms of service provided by the App Provider, when using the App.
24. Additional Google Play Store terms
In the event that You have acquired the Service via the Google Play Store, You agree that,
1 You may request a refund (if applicable) from the App Provider within 48 hours. The App Provider will refund the purchase price (if applicable) for the App to You.
2 The App Provider has no obligation to furnish any maintenance and support Service with respect to the App.
3 When You acquire App/Service via the App Provider You are allowed unlimited reinstall of the application. However, should the App be removed from the App Provider's store, users shall no longer have a right or ability to reinstall affected products.
25. Jurisdictional Issues and Export Control Laws
The Service is controlled and operated by Axis from its offices within India. Axis makes no representation that Content and other materials available through the Service is appropriate or available for use in any other locations. Those who choose to access the Service from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable.
You agree to abide by applicable export control laws and not to transfer, by electronic transmission or otherwise, any Content or other materials subject to restrictions under such laws to a national destination prohibited by such laws, without first obtaining, and then complying with, any requisite government authorization. You further agree not to upload to the Service any data or software that cannot be exported without prior written government authorization, including, but not limited to, certain types of encryption software.
The Content may not be re-exported, downloaded or otherwise exported into (or to a national or resident of) any country to which the U.S. has embargoed goods, or to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department's Table of Denial Orders. You represent and warrant that You are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any country or on any such list.
26. Governing Law
These Terms are governed by the laws of the Mumbai, India without regard to any conflict of laws rules or principles. You hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction, including waiving any objection to personal jurisdiction, of the courts of Mumbai, India without regards to any principles of conflicts of laws and the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods. Those who choose to access the Service from locations outside of Mumbai, India do so on their own initiative contrary to the terms of these Terms of Service, and are responsible for compliance with local laws if and to the extent local laws are applicable.
27. Waiver
Axis' failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. No waiver by either party of any breach or default hereunder will be deemed to be a waiver of any preceding or subsequent breach or default.
28. Severability
If any provision of these Terms of Service are determined to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law including, but not limited to the warranty disclaimer and liability limitations set forth above, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of these Terms shall continue in effect.
Moreover, if any provision contained in this Agreement shall for any reason be held to be excessively broad as to duration, geographical scope, activity or subject, it shall be construed by limiting and reducing it, so as to be enforceable to the extent compatible with the applicable law as it shall then appear.
29. Headings
Any heading, caption or section title contained herein is inserted only as a matter of convenience, and in no way defines or explains any section or provision hereof.
30. Notice
Notices to You may be made via posting to the Service, by email, or by regular mail, in Axis's discretion. Axis may also provide notices of changes to these Terms of Service or other matters by displaying such notices or by providing links to such notices on the Service. Without limitation, You agree that a printed version of these Terms of Service and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to these Terms of Service to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.
31. Notice for California Users
Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, California Website users are entitled to the following specific consumer rights notice: The Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs may be contacted in writing at 400 R Street, Suite 1080, Sacramento, California 95814, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210.
If You are a California resident under the age of 18, and a registered user of any site where this policy is posted, California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 permits You to request and obtain removal of content or information You have publicly posted. To make such a request, please send an email with a detailed description of the specific content or information to legal@babyhazelgames.com. Please be aware that such a request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information You have posted and that there may be circumstances in which the law does not require or allow removal even if requested.
32. In-App Purchases
Identity of Seller
Sales are made by Axis or the seller identified at the time of sale, if different. If You have questions about Your order, please contact the seller at the address provided and they will assist You. Some storefronts on the Axis Service are operated by third parties and, in that case, different or additional sale terms may apply, which You should read when they are presented to You.
Digital Content and Virtual Items
Axis may make applications, games, software or other digital content available on the Axis Service for You to license for a one-time fee. When purchasing a license to access such material from an Axis Service, charges will be disclosed to You on the Axis Service before You complete the license purchase.
Your purchase of a virtual item or in-game currency is a payment for a limited, non-assignable license to access and use such content or functionality in the Axis Services. Virtual items (including characters and character names) or in-game currency purchased or available to You in the Axis Services can only be used in connection with the Axis Services where You obtained them or where they were developed by You as a result of game play. These items are not redeemable or subject to refund and cannot be traded outside of the Axis Services for money or other items for value. Axis may modify or discontinue virtual items or in-game currency at any time.
33. Entire Agreement
These Terms of Service, including the documents expressly incorporated by reference, constitute the entire agreement between You and Axis regarding the Service with respect to its subject matter. These Terms supersede and replace all prior or contemporaneous communications or agreements, whether electronic, oral or written, between You and Axis regarding the Service, and you represent that You have not relied on any such communications in accepting these Terms of Service.
34. Questions & Contact Information
Axis's performance of these Terms of Service are subject to existing laws and legal process, and nothing contained in these Terms of Service is in derogation of Axis's right to comply with governmental, court, and law enforcement requests or requirements relating to Your use of the Service or information provided to or gathered by Axis with respect to such use.
A printed version of these Terms of Service and of any notices given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to these Terms of Service to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.
The parties agree that all correspondence relating to these Terms of Service, shall be written in the English language.
Please contact us
http://www.babyhazelgames.com/contactus/
if You have any questions about these Terms.
Baby Hazel Games Website - Privacy Policy (Kids Privacy Policy)
This Privacy Policy was last updated / effective from May 23, 2019.
This Privacy Policy is incorporated by reference into Axis Entertainment Limited. “
Terms of Service
”. The “Babyhazelgames.com” site is owned and operated by Axis Entertainment Limited. Axis Entertainment Limited. is an entity incorporated under the laws of India.
Axis Entertainment Limited, have its registered office at Greenscape Technocity Building, B/504, Plot No. X-4/ 1&4/ 2, TTC industrial area, Mahape, Navi Mumbai - 400710. (hereinafter referred to as
“Axis”, “Axis site” “Baby Hazel Website”, “Baby Hazel Games” “we”, “us”, and “our”
) its affiliates and subsidiaries.
1. About Our Website
The Privacy Policy explains how “Axis site” may “
Collect
,
Use
, and
Disclose
” information we obtain through the “Axis Service.”
Our practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of information about our users who are under the age of 13, and their parents’ rights to access, review and control the disclosure of such information, is described in our “Children’s Online Privacy Policy” which can be found
here
. This policy comports with the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”).
Through this “Privacy Policy” or “Policy”, Axis is providing the clarity on its privacy practices and principles for the data that is collect from any visitors through Babyhazelgames.com website.
Axis site gives assurance to protect the privacy of all users from the age below or above 13 years, who visits our website and uses applications.
We aim to protect the privacy of our visitors and take care of any personal information we obtain from such users. Our
Privacy Policy
narrates about what data we collected from our visitors, use of those data, and the details about the involvement of third parties. An overall idea is that Axis site collect limited information than is reasonably necessary to help in the activities on our websites.
2. Acceptance of Terms (or privacy policy)
These terms of service, as amended from time to time and published at [
http://www.babyhazelgames.com/terms/
], and is incorporating the Axis privacy policy available at [
http://www.babyhazelgames.com/privacy-policy/
] are a legal agreement between Axis and You ("
You
", "
Your
").
You must read and agree to these terms of service, including the Privacy Policy [
http://www.babyhazelgames.com/privacy-policy
], before using the Service controlled by Axis. By accessing or using the Service, You acknowledge that You have read these terms, understand them, and agree to be bound by the terms and conditions described herein, including Axis Privacy Policy [
http://www.babyhazelgames.com/privacy-policy/
].
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, DO NOT USE THE SERVICE.
If you are a parent or legal guardian, by allowing your kids to use the Baby Hazel Websites, you are agreeing to the terms of this Privacy Policy on the part of your kid.
To know more about the privacy practices specific to the Baby Hazel Games used by kids, please click
here. If you have any questions concerning this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
3. WHICH DATA DO WE COLLECT?
1.1 Data which we receive automatically:
Axis site do not require any registration process and all features on the Axis site are available to visitors. Users are not requested for any kind of personal data such as email addresses and phone numbers.
Axis site collect non-identifiable and anonymous information which may include technical information such as:
Type of operating system (e.g. Android, iOS, etc.),
Type of browser (e.g. Explorer, Firefox, Chrome, Safari, etc.),
Screen resolution (e.g. 800×480, 800x600, 800x400 etc.),
User session ID, time zone, session start / stop time,
Source of traffic (e.g. which ad units, sites or applications, and campaigns a User came from),
Language (e.g. English),
Device type (e.g. Samsung, HTC, iPhone, etc.),
Data regarding user behavior within our Axis site (e.g. advertisements impressions),
User’s response to advertisements (including advertisements viewed or clicked),
User’s gameplay (e.g. level reached, frequency and time spent in the website or any particular game,
User retention, performance errors and problems, website stability, crashes, functioning, etc.), and
Other predefined events and behavior relating thereto (e.g. if User viewed a specific advertisement and other game play events, time of the event, internet connectivity (Wi-Fi, 3G), device time zone, etc.), and
Geo-location – only at a country level.
It is hereby clarified that no street name or city/town name is collected.
1.2 IP Address and Cookies:
Axis site fetches only “User’s IP address, cookies or device ID”.
In case the visitor provides personal data on any third party website or application, the processing of such personal data will be governed by any privacy statement applicable to that site/application. In any case, Axis site shall not act as the Data Controller or the Processor of such personal data.
Visitor’s domain names and IP addresses are automatically identified by our servers. The anonymous “traffic data” is collected by Axis site which may be helpful for analytical purposes or for improving the services we offer but does not personally identify you.
Data collected are the usage information that includes information about how our visitors use and navigate the Axis site. It can also include the numeric figure and frequency of visitors to each web page and the duration of their stays, browser type, and referrer data that identifies the web page visited prior and subsequent to visiting our Site.
Business partners and advertisers receive traffic information from Axis site on an aggregate and anonymous basis. More information about sharing data/information will follow in section 6.
Also, the Advertisers on the Axis site may receive information gathered by cookies for targeted advertising purposes. Further information regarding the use of cookies is given below.
4. Data Retention and its Purposes
Axis site may reserve visitor’s data for the following purposes:
To develop new features and improve the Axis site;
To support upcoming parental service inquiries;
To improve the safety and security of the Axis site; or
Comply with any legal obligations.
To use it for statistical, analytical and research purposes and for customization, development and improvement of our site for Everyone (for example, analyzing and fixing of problems, developing new offerings, providing better content
To measure traffic and usage on the website.
We will reserve your information for as long as is reasonably necessary for relation to the purposes for which this data was collected. In case you have any queries regarding the retention of your personal data, you can contact us at
http://www.babyhazelgames.com/contactus/
5. Cookies
1.1 What are cookies?
The Axis site makes use of “cookies” like many websites and applications which are saved on the visitor’s computer/laptop.
Also, third party networks serving advertisements on the Axis site (the “Advertisers”) might use cookies.
A
cookie
(also called
web cookie
,
Internet cookie
,
browser cookie
) is a small piece of data sent from a website and stored on the user's computer hard drive (local storage) by the user's web browser while the user is browsing.
1.2 Types of cookies
There are two kinds of cookies “
session
” and “
persistent
”. Session cookies get deleted from your computer when the user closes the web browser. A persistent cookie expires at a specific date or after a specific length of time. Persistent cookies reserve information for future use tomorrow, next week, next month.
Advertisers and Axis site may use cookies to lift and personalize visitor’s experience on the Axis site.
For information on how cookies are used on the Axis site, please check the
“Children’s Online Privacy Policy”
section.
1.3 How to manage cookies?
To know how to adjust the settings of your internet browser, we suggest the user visit the website of the browser.
Users can decline the saving of cookies or remove installed cookies from the browser settings on his or her computer. Users can do so through the “Internet Options” by “Clear Browsing Data” or as directed by your browser’s support feature.
Make a note that deleting, removing, rejecting, disabling or turning off any Data Fetching Technologies through the above options will not remove Flash cookies. For more information about Flash cookies and how to remove them from your computer, please visit
Adobe’s website
.
6. Third-party links
The Axis site deliberately links out to the other external link (third party websites).
Certain links provided in the Axis site through advertisements let Users to leave our website and enter non-Axis site or services. These linked sites and services are not under the control of Axis site. It is always advisable to read such documents carefully before using those sites and services, in order to know what kind of information they are collecting. Below mentioned are the names of these third party websites buttons (link) to their privacy policy.
YouTube -
Privacy Policy
Facebook -
Privacy Policy
Amazon -
Privacy Policy
App Store -
Privacy Policy
Play Store -
Privacy Policy
7. Sharing Data
Visitor’s persistent identifiers can be shared with third parties such as business partners by baby Hazel under the following situations:
Safety:
Collected data of users including IP address will be shared by Axis site if its required legally, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation or to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing the Axis site and applicable laws.
Anytime i
Advertisement
X
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
How can I change my choice?
What if I don't consent?
How does legitimate interest work?
Do I have to consent to everything?
You can choose how your personal data is used. Vendors want your permission to do the following:
TCF vendors
Store and/or access information on a device
Cookies, device or similar online identifiers (e.g. login-based identifiers, randomly assigned identifiers, network based identifiers) together with other information (e.g. browser type and information, language, screen size, supported technologies etc.) can be stored or read on your device to recognise it each time it connects to an app or to a website, for one or several of the purposes presented here.
View details
Consent (119 vendors)
Use limited data to select advertising
Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times an ad is presented to you).
View details
Consent (71 vendors)
Legitimate interest (31 vendors)
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Information about your activity on this service (such as forms you submit, content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (for example, information from your previous activity on this service and other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (that might include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present advertising that appears more relevant based on your possible interests by this and other entities.
View details
Consent (97 vendors)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on your advertising profiles, which can reflect your activity on this service or other websites or apps (like the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects.
View details
Consent (92 vendors)
Create profiles to personalise content
Information about your activity on this service (for instance, forms you submit, non-advertising content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (such as your previous activity on this service or other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (which might for example include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present content that appears more relevant based on your possible interests, such as by adapting the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find content that matches your interests.
View details
Consent (28 vendors)
Use profiles to select personalised content
Content presented to you on this service can be based on your content personalisation profiles, which can reflect your activity on this or other services (for instance, the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects. This can for example be used to adapt the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find (non-advertising) content that matches your interests.
View details
Consent (24 vendors)
Measure advertising performance
Information regarding which advertising is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine how well an advert has worked for you or other users and whether the goals of the advertising were reached. For instance, whether you saw an ad, whether you clicked on it, whether it led you to buy a product or visit a website, etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of advertising campaigns.
View details
Consent (77 vendors)
Legitimate interest (45 vendors)
Measure content performance
Information regarding which content is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine whether the (non-advertising) content e.g. reached its intended audience and matched your interests. For instance, whether you read an article, watch a video, listen to a podcast or look at a product description, how long you spent on this service and the web pages you visit etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of (non-advertising) content that is shown to you.
View details
Consent (33 vendors)
Legitimate interest (12 vendors)
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Reports can be generated based on the combination of data sets (like user profiles, statistics, market research, analytics data) regarding your interactions and those of other users with advertising or (non-advertising) content to identify common characteristics (for instance, to determine which target audiences are more receptive to an ad campaign or to certain contents).
View details
Consent (59 vendors)
Legitimate interest (23 vendors)
Develop and improve services
Information about your activity on this service, such as your interaction with ads or content, can be very helpful to improve products and services and to build new products and services based on user interactions, the type of audience, etc. This specific purpose does not include the development or improvement of user profiles and identifiers.
View details
Consent (68 vendors)
Legitimate interest (35 vendors)
Use limited data to select content
Content presented to you on this service can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type, or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times a video or an article is presented to you).
View details
Consent (13 vendors)
Legitimate interest (3 vendors)
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Your data can be used to monitor for and prevent unusual and possibly fraudulent activity (for example, regarding advertising, ad clicks by bots), and ensure systems and processes work properly and securely. It can also be used to correct any problems you, the publisher or the advertiser may encounter in the delivery of content and ads and in your interaction with them.
View details
Deliver and present advertising and content
Certain information (like an IP address or device capabilities) is used to ensure the technical compatibility of the content or advertising, and to facilitate the transmission of the content or ad to your device.
View details
Save and communicate privacy choices
The choices you make regarding the purposes and entities listed in this notice are saved and made available to those entities in the form of digital signals (such as a string of characters). This is necessary in order to enable both this service and those entities to respect such choices.
View details
Match and combine data from other data sources
Information about your activity on this service may be matched and combined with other information relating to you and originating from various sources (for instance your activity on a separate online service, your use of a loyalty card in-store, or your answers to a survey), in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
View details
Link different devices
In support of the purposes explained in this notice, your device might be considered as likely linked to other devices that belong to you or your household (for instance because you are logged in to the same service on both your phone and your computer, or because you may use the same Internet connection on both devices).
View details
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Your device might be distinguished from other devices based on information it automatically sends when accessing the Internet (for instance, the IP address of your Internet connection or the type of browser you are using) in support of the purposes exposed in this notice.
View details
Use precise geolocation data
With your acceptance, your precise location (within a radius of less than 500 metres) may be used in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
View details
Consent
How this consent management platform (CMP) works:
CMP privacy choices
Storage, duration, and usage details
The choices you make with this CMP regarding the purposes and entities will affect how personalized advertising is presented to you. We need to store these choices to respect them on future visits, and they are stored differently based on the type of site or app you're using:
For
sites
, your choices are saved in a cookie named “FCCDCF” for a maximum duration of 390 days.
For
apps
, your choices are saved in device storage prefixed by “IABTCF_”. Your choices will be invalidated after 390 days and overwritten once you make new privacy choices on this app.
For
accelerated mobile page (AMP) sites
, your choices are saved in local storage prefixed by “amp-store”. Your choices will be invalidated after 390 days and overwritten once you make new privacy choices on this site.
Vendor preferences
Vendors can use your data to provide services. Declining a vendor can stop them from using the data you shared.
TCF vendors
Exponential Interactive, Inc d/b/a VDX.tv
Cookie duration: 90 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Roq.ad GmbH
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
AdMaxim Limited
Cookie duration: 30 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Index Exchange Inc.
Cookie duration: 395 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Quantcast
Cookie duration: 1825 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
BeeswaxIO Corporation
Cookie duration: 395 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Sovrn, Inc.
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Adikteev
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
RTB House S.A.
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
The UK Trade Desk Ltd
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Nexxen Inc.
Cookie duration: 180 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Epsilon
Cookie duration: 1832 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Yahoo EMEA Limited
Cookie duration: 397 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
ADventori SAS
Cookie duration: 90 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Triple Lift, Inc.
Cookie duration: 90 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Xandr, Inc.
Cookie duration: 90 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
NEORY GmbH
Cookie duration: 90 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Nexxen Group LLC
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
NEURAL.ONE
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
ADITION (Virtual Minds GmbH)
Cookie duration: 90 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Active Agent (Virtual Minds GmbH)
Cookie duration: 90 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Taboola Europe Limited
Cookie duration: 366 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Equativ
Cookie duration: 396 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Adform A/S
Cookie duration: 3650 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Magnite, Inc.
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
RATEGAIN ADARA INC
Cookie duration: 730 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Sift Media, Inc
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Non-precise location data, Precise location data
more
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Rakuten Marketing LLC
Cookie duration: 730 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Lumen Research Limited
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data
more
View details
|
Privacy policy
Legitimate interest
Amazon Ad Server
Cookie duration: 396 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
OpenX
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Yieldlab (Virtual Minds GmbH)
Cookie duration: 90 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Roku Advertising Services
Cookie duration: 396 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Nano Interactive Group Ltd.
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: Device characteristics, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data
more
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Simplifi Holdings LLC
Cookie duration: 366 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device identifiers, Precise location data
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
PubMatic, Inc
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Comscore B.V.
Cookie duration: 720 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Flashtalking
Cookie duration: 730 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
PulsePoint, Inc.
Cookie duration: 1830 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Smaato, Inc.
Cookie duration: 21 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Semasio GmbH
Cookie duration: 366 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Crimtan Holdings Limited
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Genius Sports UK Limited
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Criteo SA
Cookie duration: 390 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Adloox SA
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Blis Global Limited
Cookie duration: 400 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Lotame Solutions, Inc
Cookie duration: 274 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
LiveRamp
Cookie duration: 3653 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
GroupM UK Limited
Cookie duration: 395 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
LoopMe Limited
Cookie duration: 90 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Dynata LLC
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Ask Locala
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Azira
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
DoubleVerify Inc.​
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
View details
|
Privacy policy
Legitimate interest
BIDSWITCH GmbH
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
IPONWEB GmbH
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
NextRoll, Inc.
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Teads France SAS
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Ströer SSP GmbH (SSP)
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
OS Data Solutions GmbH
Cookie duration: 90 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Permodo GmbH
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Platform161 B.V.
Cookie duration: 396 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Basis Global Technologies, Inc.
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
SMADEX, S.L.U.
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Bombora Inc.
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
EASYmedia GmbH
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Remerge GmbH
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
advanced store GmbH
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: Device identifiers
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Magnite CTV, Inc.
Cookie duration: 366 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Delta Projects AB
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
usemax advertisement (Emego GmbH)
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Users’ profiles
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
emetriq GmbH
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Publicis Media GmbH
Cookie duration: 1825 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
M.D. Primis Technologies Ltd.
Cookie duration: 25 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
OneTag Limited
Cookie duration: 396 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Cloud Technologies S.A.
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Smartology Limited
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Improve Digital
Cookie duration: 90 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Adobe Advertising Cloud
Cookie duration: 730 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Bannerflow AB
Cookie duration: 366 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
TabMo SAS
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Integral Ad Science (incorporating ADmantX)
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
View details
|
Privacy policy
Legitimate interest
Wizaly
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Weborama
Cookie duration: 393 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Jivox Corporation
Cookie duration: 30 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Sojern, Inc.
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Vistar Media EMEA BV
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: Non-precise location data
more
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
On Device Research Limited
Cookie duration: 30 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Rockabox Media Ltd
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data
more
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Legitimate interest
Exactag GmbH
Cookie duration: 180 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Celtra Inc.
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Precise location data
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
mainADV Srl
Cookie duration: 30 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Gemius SA
Cookie duration: 1825 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
The Kantar Group Limited
Cookie duration: 914 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Nielsen Media Research Ltd.
Cookie duration: 120 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Solocal SA
Cookie duration: 398 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Pixalate, Inc.
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data
more
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Numberly
Cookie duration: 180 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
AudienceProject A/S
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Demandbase, Inc.
Cookie duration: 730 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Effiliation / Effinity
Cookie duration: 30 (days).
Data collected and processed: Device characteristics
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Arrivalist Co.
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Non-precise location data
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Seenthis AB
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics
more
View details
|
Privacy policy
Commanders Act
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device identifiers
more
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
travel audience GmbH
Cookie duration: 397 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
HUMAN
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Non-precise location data
more
View details
|
Privacy policy
Legitimate interest
Blendee srl
Cookie duration: 366 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Innovid LLC
Cookie duration: 90 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Papirfly AS
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: Device characteristics
more
View details
|
Privacy policy
Legitimate interest
Neustar, Inc., a TransUnion company
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Verve Group Europe GmbH
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Otto GmbH & Co. KGaA
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Adobe Audience Manager, Adobe Experience Platform
Cookie duration: 180 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Localsensor B.V.
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Online Solution
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Relay42 Netherlands B.V.
Cookie duration: 730 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
GP One GmbH
Cookie duration: Uses session cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Liftoff Monetize and Vungle Exchange
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
The MediaGrid Inc.
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Reppublika Research & Analytics Austria GmbH
Cookie duration: 180 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Users’ profiles
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Cint AB
Cookie duration: 730 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Google Advertising Products
Cookie duration: 396 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
GfK GmbH
Cookie duration: 730 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
RevJet
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device identifiers, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Protected Media LTD
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data
more
View details
|
Privacy policy
Legitimate interest
Clinch Labs LTD
Cookie duration: 730 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Hearts and Science München GmbH
Cookie duration: 60 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Amazon Advertising
Cookie duration: 396 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Moloco, Inc.
Cookie duration: 730 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Non-precise location data
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Adtriba GmbH
Cookie duration: 730 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Ensighten
Cookie duration: 1825 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Legitimate interest
MetrixLab Nederland B.V.
Cookie duration: 730 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Hurra Communications GmbH
Cookie duration: 366 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Ad partners
Akamai
Privacy policy
Consent
Meta
Privacy policy
Consent
Aunica
Privacy policy
Consent
Booking.com
Privacy policy
Consent
C3 Metrics
Privacy policy
Consent
IBM
Privacy policy
Consent
eBay
Privacy policy
Consent
Evidon
Privacy policy
Consent
Adacado
Privacy policy
Consent
intelliAd
Privacy policy
Consent
Dstillery
Privacy policy
Consent
MediaMath
Privacy policy
Consent
ZMS
Privacy policy
Consent
Omnicom Media Group
Privacy policy
Consent
Resonate
Privacy policy
Consent
Smart
Privacy policy
Consent
Tradedoubler AB
Privacy policy
Consent
TrustArc
Privacy policy
Consent
TruEffect
Privacy policy
Consent
Travel Data Collective
Privacy policy
Consent
advolution.control
Privacy policy
Consent
LifeStreet
Privacy policy
Consent
Batch Media
Privacy policy
Consent
Vodafone GmbH
Privacy policy
Consent
Magnite
Privacy policy
Consent
Scenestealer
Privacy policy
Consent
Netquest
Privacy policy
Consent
Manage.com
Privacy policy
Consent
Cloudflare
Privacy policy
Consent
Salesforce DMP
Privacy policy
Consent
Netflix
Privacy policy
Consent
ebuilders
Privacy policy
Consent
AppLovin Corp.
Privacy policy
Consent
Fractional Media
Privacy policy
Consent
Rackspace
Privacy policy
Consent
MSI-ACI
Privacy policy
Consent
Admetrics
Privacy policy
Consent
Navegg
Privacy policy
Consent
Admedo
Privacy policy
Consent
Kochava
Privacy policy
Consent
Mobitrans
Privacy policy
Consent
ADEX
Privacy policy
Consent
Impact
Privacy policy
Consent
Spotad
Privacy policy
Consent
Aarki
Privacy policy
Consent
SFR
Privacy policy
Consent
Cablato
Privacy policy
Consent
Waystack
Privacy policy
Consent
TreSensa
Privacy policy
Consent
Adludio
Privacy policy
Consent
gskinner
Privacy policy
Consent
CUBED
Privacy policy
Consent
Optomaton
Privacy policy
Consent
Dentsu Aegis Network
Privacy policy
Consent
Digiseg
Privacy policy
Consent
Haensel AMS
Privacy policy
Consent
BDSK Handels GmbH & Co. KG
Privacy policy
Consent
Objective Partners
Privacy policy
Consent
Marketing Science Consulting Group, Inc.
Privacy policy
Consent
DENTSU
Privacy policy
Consent
Kobler
Privacy policy
Consent
Widespace
Privacy policy
Consent
Vimeo
Privacy policy
Consent
Oracle Data Cloud
Privacy policy
Consent
Close
Sub-policy 1
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 2
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation:
Privacy Center home
Search
Privacy topics
More privacy resources
Privacy Policy
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
What information do we collect?
How do we use your information?
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
How do we share information with third parties?
How do the Meta Companies work together?
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
How long do we keep your information?
How do we transfer information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
How will you know the Policy has changed?
How to contact Meta with questions
Legal basis information
Other policies and articles
Settings
Privacy Policy
How we use info for AI at Meta
Based on feedback from regulators, we’re still delaying our plans to use your information from Meta Products to develop and improve
AI at Meta
. We’ll let you know before we start using this information for this purpose, and how you can exercise your right to object.
Other updates
We're updating our Privacy Policy. The updates go into effect on April 7, 2025.
Read the new policy.
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
Effective November 14, 2024
|
View printable version
|
See previous versions
Highlights
We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use
Meta Products
in the way that’s right for you.
In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of this Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you.
It's important to us that you know how to control your privacy, so we also show you where you can manage your information in the settings of the Meta Products you use. You can
update these settings
to shape your experience.
Read the full Policy below.
What Products does this Policy cover?
Learn more in Privacy Center about managing your privacy
What information do we collect?
Highlights
The information we collect and process about you depends on how you use our
Products
. For example, we collect different information if you sell furniture on Marketplace than if you post a reel on Instagram. When you use our Products, we collect some information about you
even if you don't have an account
.
Here's the information we collect:
Your activity and information you provide
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
Information from partners, vendors and other third parties
What if you don’t let us collect certain information?
Some information is required for our Products to work. Other information is optional, but without it, the quality of your experience might be affected.
Learn more
What if the information we collect doesn’t identify individuals?
In some cases information is de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized by third parties so that it no longer identifies individuals before it’s made available to us. We use this information as described below without trying to re-identify individuals.
Take control
Manage the information we collect about you
Privacy Center
How do we use your information?
Highlights
We use
information we collect
to provide a personalized experience to you, including ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products), along with the other purposes we explain in detail below.
For some of these purposes, we use information
across our Products
from the accounts you choose to add to your Accounts Center, and
across your devices
. The information we use for these purposes is automatically processed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use
manual review
to access and review your information.
To use less information that’s connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information as described in this section.
Here are the ways we use your information:
To provide, personalize and improve our Products
We use information we have to provide and improve our
Products
. This includes personalizing features, content and
recommendations
, such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
, Stories and ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products). We use
information with special protections
you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads.
Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve our Products:
How we show ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
How we use information to improve our Products
How we use location-related information
To promote safety, security and integrity
We use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products.
Learn more
To provide measurement, analytics and business services
Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses or share content. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working.
Learn more
To communicate with you
We communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact information you've entered on your profile.
Learn more
To research and innovate for social good
We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct and support research.
Learn more
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
Highlights
On Meta Products
Learn more about the different cases when your information can be shared on our
Products
:
People and accounts you share and communicate with
Content others share or reshare about you
Public content
With integrated partners
You can choose to connect with
integrated partners
who use our Products. If you do, these integrated partners receive information about you and your activity.
These integrated partners can always access information that’s public on our Products. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handle your information:
When you use an integrated partner’s product or service
When you interact with someone else’s content on an integrated partner’s product or service
How integrated partners handle your information
Take control
Learn more about audiences
Privacy Center
Manage apps and websites
How do we share information with third parties?
Highlights
We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also require
partners
and other
third parties
to follow rules about how they can and cannot use and disclose the information we provide.
Here’s more detail about who we share information with:
Partners
Advertisers and Audience Network publishers (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
Partners who use our analytics services
Partners who offer goods or services on our Products and commerce services platforms
Integrated partners
Vendors
Measurement vendors
Marketing vendors
Service providers
Service providers
Third parties
External researchers
AI integrations
Other third parties
We also share information with other
third parties
in response to legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Read the Policy
.
And if we sell or transfer all or part of our business to someone else, in some cases we’ll give the new owner your information as part of that transaction, but only as the law allows.
How do the Meta Companies work together?
Highlights
We are part of the
Meta Companies
that provide Meta Company Products.
Meta Company Products
include all the
Meta Products
covered by this Policy, plus other products like WhatsApp and more.
We share information we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with the other Meta Companies.
Learn more
about how we transfer information to other countries.
We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, Meta acts as a
service provider
for other Meta Companies. We act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms.
Why we share across the Meta Companies
Meta Products share information with other Meta Companies:
To promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable laws
To provide optional features and integrations
To understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products
See some examples
of why we share.
More resources
Review the privacy policies of the other Meta Companies
Facebook Help Center
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
Highlights
Under applicable data protection law, companies must have a legal basis to process personal data. When we talk about "processing personal data," we mean the ways we collect, use and share your information, as we described in the other sections of this Policy above.
What is our legal basis?
You have the following rights under GDPR and other relevant data protection laws:
Access and correct information
Withdraw consent
Port your information
Download your information
Erase information
Object
Make a complaint
How long do we keep your information?
Highlights
We keep information as long as we need it to provide our Products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. Here’s what we consider when we decide:
If we need it to operate or provide our Products. For example, we need to keep some of your information to maintain your account.
Learn more
.
The feature we use it for, and how that feature works. For example, messages sent using Messenger’s vanish mode are retained for less time than regular messages.
Learn more
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
See some examples
.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products
In some instances and for specific reasons, we’ll keep information for an extended period of time.
Read our Policy
about when we may preserve your information.
How do we transfer information?
Highlights
Why is information transferred to other countries?
Where is information transferred?
How do we safeguard your information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
Highlights
We access, preserve, use and share your information:
In response to legal requests, like search warrants, court orders, production orders or subpoenas. These requests come from
third parties
such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
Learn more
about when we respond to legal requests.
In accordance with applicable law
To promote the safety, security and integrity of
Meta Products
, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
.
We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time.
Learn more
.
How will you know the Policy has changed?
We'll notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. You’ll have the opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our Products.
How to contact Meta with questions
You can learn more about how privacy works on
Facebook
and on
Instagram
, and in the
Facebook Help Center
. If you have questions about this Policy, or have questions, complaints or requests regarding your information, you can contact us as described below.
The data controller responsible for your information is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, which you can
contact online
, or by mail at:
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited
ATTN: Privacy Operations
Merrion Road
Dublin 4
D04 X2K5, Ireland
Contact the Data Protection Officer
for Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with Meta Platforms Ireland's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, or your local supervisory authority.
Legal basis information
Consent
We process information as described below when you have given us your consent to do so, which we may ask through in-product experiences, to enable particular features, or to enable device-based settings. The categories of information we use and why and how they are processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Processing information with special protections that you provide so we can share it with those you choose, to provide, personalise and improve our Products and to undertake analytics.  We’ll collect, store, publish and apply automated, or sometimes manual, processing for these purposes.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Any information with special protections that you choose to provide, such as your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, or as part of surveys you choose to participate in, and where you have given your explicit consent
Personalizing ads on the Meta Products:
If we show you ads on Meta Products, including Meta Audience Network, depending on your
settings
, we will use your information across the account(s) in your Accounts Centre to show you ads, including using cookies, to personalize your ads and measure how those ads perform.
If we show you ads on Meta Products, our ads system automatically processes information that we've collected and stored associated with you. In accordance with your Ad settings, our ads system uses this information to understand your interests and your preferences and personalize your ads across the Meta Products.
Learn more
about your Ad settings.
Our ads system prioritizes what ad to show you based on what audience advertisers want to reach. Then we match the ad to people who might be interested.
Learn more
about how our ads system works.
Learn more
about how we choose the ads that you see.
You can change your choice at any time in your “Ad Preferences”.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content, including ads, that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings (e.g. GPS location)
Information about the network that you connect your device to
Location-related  information
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Using information from partners, vendors and other third parties to tailor the ads you see: If we show you ads on Meta Products, with your consent we’ll use information that partners, vendors and other third parties provide us about activity off the Meta Products and that we have associated with you to personalize ads that we show you on the Meta Products, and on websites, apps and devices that use our advertising services. We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products, see the
Cookies Policy
for more information.
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request when you use some of our Products. For example, when you direct us we share your email address or other information that you might choose to share with an advertiser so that they can contact you with additional information about a promoted product. The type of third party and categories of information shared depend on the circumstances of what you ask us to share.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like your contact, profile or other information, like posts or comments
Collecting information that you allow us to receive through the device-based settings you enable (such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos) which we use to provide the features or services described when you enable the setting.
App, browser and device information
:
Information from device settings
Verifying your identity or account, or helping to protect against suspicious activity including impersonation and identity misuse, using face analysis which may include facial recognition technology if you select it.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Your account information, profile photo, or
your photo or video selfie, if you choose to provide it
When we process information that you provide to us based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You also have the right to port that information you provide to us based on your consent. To exercise your rights, visit your device-based settings, and visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings and our Help Centers.
Performance of a contract
For all people who have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract (for example, by being the age of majority or above in their country of residence), we process information as necessary to conclude and perform our contracts with you (the
Meta Terms
and
Instagram Terms
, the
Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Terms of Service
, the
Supplemental Portal Terms of Service
, the
Meta AI Terms of Service
and the
Supplemental Meta View Terms of Service
, together, the “terms"). The purposes for which we process information for our contracts, the categories of information we use and how information is processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Personalising the Meta Products (other than ads): Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories); and
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, and in some instances not only automated processing but also manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features,
Undertake analytics, and
Facilitate your purchases and payments on Meta Pay or other Meta checkout experiences.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts, identity and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the
Oversight Board
,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review and, in some cases, remove content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To communicate with you: We use information you’ve given us (like contact information on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
We’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your e-mail address to respond when you contact us.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Transferring, storing or processing your information globally. We share information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers and externally with our partners, third parties and service providers. Because Meta is global, with users, partners and employees around the world, transfers are necessary to:
Operate and provide the services described in the terms that apply to the Meta Product(s) you are using. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe; and
So we can fix, analyze and improve our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
We'll use the information we have to provide these services; if you choose not to provide certain information (other than limited account information which is necessary to create a
Facebook account
or an
Instagram account
), your experience using the Meta Products may be affected. For example, you may see less relevant recommendations on the Products, or your use of the Products may be restricted.
When we process information that you provide to us as necessary for concluding or performing our contracts with you, you have the right to port it under the GDPR. To exercise your rights, visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings, or learn more in our Help Centers.
Compliance with a legal obligation
The categories of information we use, why we process your information based on compliance with a legal obligation and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
For processing information when the law requires it: Where we are under an obligation to disclose information such as, for example, if we receive a valid legal request for certain information (such as an Irish search warrant), we will access, preserve and / or share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others.
The way in which the information will be processed depends on the specific circumstances, see
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?
for more.
Information for Law Enforcement Authorities
provides information on the operational guidelines law enforcement needs to follow.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to process the information we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters: where we are in receipt of a court order or otherwise required to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006, or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required.
Consumer matters: to comply with our obligations under consumer law such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014.
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations such as the Companies Act 2014.
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018.
Financial matters: to comply with our obligations under applicable financial services law such as the European Union (Payment Services) Regulations 2018
View the
current list of laws
which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Meta which results in the processing of information. New laws may be enacted or other obligations may become binding on our processing of your information which may require us to process your information and we will update this list from time to time.
The categories of information depend on the specific circumstances of each mandatory request or obligation. Only the information necessary to comply with the relevant legal obligation will be processed. For example, for civil matters, this will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information). However, depending on the circumstances it could include the following:
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms ("legitimate interests"). The categories of information we use, the legitimate interests relied on and why and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Legitimate interests relied on
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
If you are a registered user of the Meta Products
For people under the age of majority (under 18, in most applicable countries) who have a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity.
Personalising the Meta Products: Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
News Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories),
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Learn more
about how we use information about you to personalise your experience on and across Meta Products and how we choose the ads that you see.
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
(other than using partner data to tailor ads to you)
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, automated processing, and in some instances manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide advertising products,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features, and
Undertake analytics.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To enable people under the age of majority to use and connect to the Meta Products in an easy and intuitive manner.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public profile information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review, and in some cases remove, content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on the Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
To secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, and to protect the safety of people under the age of majority, including to prevent exploitation or other harms to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable.
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating with you:
We use information you have given us (like contact information you’ve entered on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
we’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your email address to respond to you when you contact us.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
For all people, including those under the age of majority
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and how their content is performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help users, businesses, and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their content, websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realise using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our other partners; and
In the interests of developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
If we show you ads on Meta Products:
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, advertisers and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, advertisers and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's ads, content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and ads, and how their content and ads are performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help businesses, advertisers and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, advertisers, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realize using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our advertisers and other partners; and
In the interests of advertisers, developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content and advertising on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating, engaging and sharing across the Meta Company Products:
To provide a seamless, consistent and richer, innovative, experience across the Meta Company Products and to enable cross app interactions, sharing, viewing and engaging with content, including posts and videos.
In our interest to provide seamless, consistent and richer, innovative communication, engagement and sharing experiences across Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Business intelligence and analytics:
To understand, in aggregate, your usage of and across our Products, to accurately count people and businesses; and
Validate metrics directly related to these, in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to adhere to (shareholder/earning) reporting obligations.
In our interest to measure the use of our Products and count the people who interact with our Products in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to enable provision of accurate and reliable reporting.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Location-related information
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you:
Depending on your settings, we’ll share marketing communications with you.
We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide, including your contact information like e-mail address
App, browser and device information
:
Device identifiers
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from researchers we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
For example, we analyse information that we have about migration patterns during crises. This helps relief organizations get aid to the right places.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation of information as well as manual (human) review, and share information, as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programmes.
In our interest and those of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Anonymising your information
In some cases, we anonymise information we have about you, such as your activity on and off our Products, and use the resulting information, for example, to provide and improve our Meta Products, including ads.
In our interest to fund our provision of the Meta Products, provide relevant advertising to users, and improve ads delivery and Meta Products;
In the interests of advertisers to help them to reach relevant audiences who may be interested in their information, products or services;
In the interests of users that Meta practice data minimisation and privacy by design in respect of their information
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests.
See
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promote safety, integrity and security in limited circumstances outside of the performance of our contracts with you:
Our Meta Products are delivered to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We apply automated processing, as well as manual (human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request:
You may choose to share your contact information, profile information and other data with our partners: The types of partners with whom information is shared depends on the features of our service that you use and the manner in which you choose to use them. For example, you may choose to share your email address, birthday, friends list, hometown or other information with a partner if you choose to connect your Facebook account to their app.
To deliver  quality experiences to users who use our partners’ apps, in our best interest and in the interest of our users.
To facilitate and improve users' experiences in their apps, in the interests of our partners who want to facilitate and improve consumers' experiences in their apps.
Information you provide (for example, your email address, birthday, friends’ list and hometown).
If you are using a device we cannot associate with a registered user of the Meta Products
Promote safety, integrity and security:
Our Meta Products are delivered in a manner to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We collect and store information we have for this purpose and apply automated processing and manual (i.e. human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and research and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users generally and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you: We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail address.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide including your contact information like your e-mail address
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from research partners we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programs.
In our interest and in the interest of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to
legal requests
.
See '
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
' for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Provide and improve our Products:
We use information we collect to:
Provide products and curate features
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To improve the Meta Company Products in a consistent manner, to correct technical glitches, and to optimise functionality.
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third party, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, such processing; to exercise your right, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings.
We will consider several factors when assessing an objection, including: our users' reasonable expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort. Unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons, your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
If you are under the age of majority in your country and there is no enforceable contract in place, we will take particular account of the fact that you are below the age of majority when conducting our assessment of our legitimate interests and the balancing  of your interests and rights. We provide specific protections for people below the age of majority to ensure that they are aware of the risks, consequences, safeguards and rights associated with the processing of their information.
Tasks carried out in the public interest
The purposes for which we anticipate processing your information as a task in the public interest, the processing we undertake, and the information we use is set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Undertaking research for social good:  We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to undertake research and other tasks in the public interest, such as sharing relevant research data with third parties like international organisations and academics both in and outside the EEA. The public interest is required to be laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Articles 168 and 179 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To promote safety, integrity and security: In limited fact specific circumstances, we will access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others where necessary to perform a task in the public interest. For example, we might share information with others for the purposes of combatting unlawful or harmful behaviour where it is in the public interest to do so and where the public interest is laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Section 53 of the Data Protection Act 2018 and Regulation (EU) 2021/1232.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from Partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our processing. To exercise your rights, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings. In assessing an objection, we will consider several factors, including: our users' reasonable user expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort.
Your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information, unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
Protection of your vital interests or that of another person
The categories of information we use, why we process your information to protect your vital interests or those of another person and how it’s processed are set out below
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Protecting the vital interests of you and/or those of another person: We apply automated processing techniques, conduct manual (human) review and share information, including with law enforcement and others, in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. These vital interests include protection of your life, physical or mental health, wellbeing or integrity or that of others, and detecting, removing, and reporting illegal content. In protecting such vital interests we aim to combat harmful conduct and promote safety, integrity and security, including, for example, when we are investigating reports of harmful conduct or taking appropriate action, such as sharing information with relevant authorities, when someone needs help.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content,
subject to applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Sub-policy 3
https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?ie=UTF8&nodeId=468496&ref_=footer_privacy:
Main content
Search
alt
+
/
Cart
shift
+
alt
+
C
Home
shift
+
alt
+
H
Orders
shift
+
alt
+
O
Show/Hide shortcuts
shift
+
alt
+
Z
To move between items, use your keyboard's up or down arrows.
Find more solutions
Security and Privacy
›
Legal Policies
›
Amazon.com Privacy Notice
Last updated: February 14, 2025.
To see prior version,
click
here
.
We know that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate
            your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This Privacy Notice describes
            how Amazon.com and its affiliates (collectively "Amazon") collect and process your
            personal information through Amazon websites, devices, products, services, online
            and physical stores, and applications that reference this Privacy Notice (together
            "Amazon Services").
By using Amazon Services, you are consenting to the practices described in this Privacy
               Notice.
Please read our
Additional State-Specific Privacy Disclosures
and
Consumer Health Data Privacy Disclosure
for additional information about the processing of your personal data and your rights
                  under applicable U.S. state data privacy laws.
What Personal Information About Customers Does Amazon Collect?
For What Purposes Does Amazon Use Your Personal Information?
What About Cookies and Other Identifiers?
Does Amazon Share Your Personal Information?
How Secure Is Information About Me?
What About Advertising?
What Information Can I Access?
What Choices Do I Have?
Are Children Allowed to Use Amazon Services?
EU-US Data Privacy Framework, UK Extension, and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework
Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions
Related Practices and Information
Examples of Information Collected
What Personal Information About Customers Does Amazon Collect?
We collect your personal information in order to provide and continually improve our
            products and services.
Here are the types of personal information we collect:
Information You Give Us:
We receive and store any information you provide in relation to Amazon Services.
                  Click
here
to see examples of what we collect. You can choose not to provide certain information,
                  but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our Amazon Services.
Automatic Information:
We automatically collect and store certain types of information about your use of
                  Amazon Services, including information about your interaction with products, content,
                  and services available through Amazon Services. Like many websites, we use "cookies"
                  and other unique identifiers, and we obtain certain types of information when your
                  web browser or device accesses Amazon Services and other content served by or on behalf
                  of Amazon on other websites. Our physical stores may use cameras, computer vision,
                  sensors, and other technology to gather information about your activity in the store,
                  such as the products and services you interact with. Click
here
to see examples of what we collect.
Information from Other Sources:
We might receive information about you from other sources, such as updated delivery
                  and address information from our carriers, which we use to correct our records and
                  deliver your next purchase more easily. Click
here
to see additional examples of the information we receive.
For What Purposes Does Amazon Use Your Personal Information?
We use your personal information to operate, provide, develop, and improve the products
            and services that we offer our customers. These purposes include:
Purchase and delivery of products and services.
We use your personal information to take and handle orders, deliver products and
                  services, process payments, and communicate with you about orders, products and services,
                  and promotional offers.
Provide, troubleshoot, and improve Amazon Services.
We use your personal information to provide functionality, analyze performance, fix
                  errors, and improve the usability and effectiveness of the Amazon Services.
Recommendations and personalization.
We use your personal information to recommend features, products, and services that
                  might be of interest to you, identify your preferences, and personalize your experience
                  with Amazon Services.
Provide voice, image and camera services.
When you use our voice, image and camera services, we use your voice input, images,
                  videos, and other personal information to respond to your requests, provide the requested
                  service to you, and improve our services. For more information about Alexa voice services
                  , click
here
.
Comply with legal obligations.
In certain cases, we collect and use your personal information to comply with laws.
                  For instance, we collect from sellers information regarding place of establishment
                  and bank account information for identity verification and other purposes.
Communicate with you.
We use your personal information to communicate with you in relation to Amazon Services
                  via different channels (e.g., by phone, email, chat).
Advertising.
We use your personal information to display interest-based ads for features, products,
                  and services that might be of interest to you. We do not use information that personally
                  identifies you to display interest-based ads. To learn more, please read our
Interest-Based Ads
notice.
Fraud Prevention and Credit Risks.
We use personal information to prevent and detect fraud and abuse in order to protect
                  the security of our customers, Amazon, and others. We may also use scoring methods
                  to assess and manage credit risks.
What About Cookies and Other Identifiers?
To enable our systems to recognize your browser or device and to provide and improve
            Amazon Services, we use cookies and other identifiers. For more information about
            cookies and how we use them, please read our
Cookies Notice
.
Does Amazon Share Your Personal Information?
Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not
            in the business of selling our customers' personal information to others. We share
            customers' personal information only as described below and with subsidiaries Amazon.com,
            Inc. controls that either are subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at
            least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice.
Transactions involving Third Parties:
We make available to you services, products, applications, or skills provided by
                  third parties for use on or through Amazon Services. For example, you can order products
                  from third parties through our stores, download applications from third-party application
                  providers from our App Store, and enable third-party skills through our Alexa services.
                  We also offer services or sell product lines jointly with third-party businesses,
                  such as co-branded credit cards. You can tell when a third party is involved in your
                  transactions, and we share customers' personal information related to those transactions
                  with that third party.
Third-Party Service Providers:
We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples
                  include fulfilling orders for products or services, delivering packages, sending postal
                  mail and email, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data,
                  providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid
                  listings and links), processing payments, transmitting content, scoring, assessing
                  and managing credit risk, and providing customer service. These third-party service
                  providers have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but
                  may not use it for other purposes.
Business Transfers:
As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy other businesses or services.
                  In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business
                  assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice
                  (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event
                  that Amazon.com, Inc. or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information
                  will of course be one of the transferred assets.
Protection of Amazon and Others:
We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate
                  to comply with the law; enforce or apply our
Conditions of Use
and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Amazon, our users,
                  or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations
                  for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when personal information about
            you might be shared with third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose
            not to share the information.
How Secure Is Information About Me?
We design our systems with your security and privacy in mind.
We work to protect the security of your personal information during transmission by
                  using encryption protocols and software.
We follow the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) when handling
                  credit card data.
We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in connection with the
                  collection, storage, and disclosure of customer personal information. Our security
                  procedures mean that we may ask to verify your identity before we disclose personal
                  information to you.
Our devices offer security features to protect them against unauthorized access and
                  loss of data. You can control these features and configure them based on your needs.
                  Click
here
for more information on how to manage the security settings of your device.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and
                  to your computers, devices, and applications. We recommend using a unique password
                  for your Amazon account that is not used for other online accounts. Be sure to sign
                  off when finished using a shared computer. Click
here
for more information on how to sign off.
What About Advertising?
Third-Party Advertisers and Links to Other Websites:
Amazon Services may include third-party advertising and links to other websites and
                  apps. Third-party advertising partners may collect information about you when you
                  interact with their content, advertising, and services. For more information about
                  third-party advertising at Amazon, including interest-based ads, please read our
Interest-Based Ads
notice. To adjust your advertising preferences, please go to the
Your Ads Privacy Choices
page.
Use of Third-Party Advertising Services:
We provide ad companies with information that allows them to serve you with more
                  useful and relevant Amazon ads and to measure their effectiveness. We never share
                  your name or other information that directly identifies you when we do this. Instead,
                  we use an advertising identifier like a cookie, a device identifier, or a code derived
                  from applying irreversible cryptography to other information like an email address.
                  For example, if you have already downloaded one of our apps, we will share your advertising
                  identifier and data about that event so that you will not be served an ad to download
                  the app again. While we do not share your specific shopping actions like purchases,
                  product views, or searches with ad companies, we may share an advertising identifier
                  and an estimate of the value of the ads they show you on our behalf so they can serve
                  you with more effective Amazon ads. Some ad companies also use this information to
                  serve you relevant ads from other advertisers. You can learn more about how to opt-out
                  of personalized advertising (such as cross-context behavioral advertising) by going
                  to the
Your Ads Privacy Choices
page.
What Information Can I Access?
You can access your information, including your name, address, payment options, profile
            information, Prime membership, household settings, and purchase history in the "Your
            Account" section of the website. Click
here
for a list of examples that you can access.
What Choices Do I Have?
If you have any questions as to how we collect and use your personal information,
            please contact our
Customer Service
. Many of our Amazon Services also include settings that provide you with options
            as to how your information is being used.
As described above, you can choose not to provide certain information, but then you
                  might not be able to take advantage of many of the Amazon Services.
You can add or update certain information on pages such as those referenced in
What Information Can I Access?
. When you update information, we usually keep a copy of the prior version for our
                  records.
If you do not want to receive email or other communications from us, please adjust
                  your
Customer Communication Preferences
. If you don't want to receive in-app notifications from us, please adjust your notification
                  settings in the app or device.
You may adjust your personalized advertising preferences by visiting
Your Ads Privacy Choices
.
The Help feature on most browsers and devices will tell you how to prevent your browser
                  or device from accepting new cookies or other identifiers, how to have the browser
                  notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to block cookies altogether. Because
                  cookies and identifiers allow you to take advantage of some essential features of
                  Amazon Services, we recommend that you leave them turned on. For instance, if you
                  block or otherwise reject our cookies, you will not be able to add items to your Shopping
                  Cart, proceed to Checkout, or use any Services that require you to Sign in. For more
                  information about cookies and other identifiers, see our
Cookies Notice
.
If you want to browse our websites without linking the browsing history to your account,
                  you may do so by logging out of your account
here
and blocking cookies on your browser.
You can manage the recommendations you receive in our store
here
, remove recommendations you don’t want to see
here
by selecting View All and Manage then selecting the Remove Items toggle that appears
                  at the top of the page, and edit your browsing history
here
.
You will also be able to opt out of certain other types of data usage by updating
                  your settings on the applicable Amazon website (e.g., in "Manage Your Content and
                  Devices"), device, or application. For more information click
here
. Most non-Amazon devices also provide users with the ability to change device permissions
                  (e.g., disable/access location services, contacts). For most devices, these controls
                  are located in the device's settings menu. If you have questions about how to change
                  your device permissions on devices manufactured by third parties, we recommend you
                  contact your mobile service carrier or your device manufacturer.
If you are a seller, you can add or update certain information in
Seller Central
, update your account information by accessing your
Seller Account Information
, and adjust your email or other communications you receive from us by updating your
Notification Preferences
.
If you are an author, you can add or update the information you have provided in the
Author Portal
and
Author Central
by accessing your accounts in the Author Portal and Author Central, respectively.
If you shop in our physical stores, you can manage how certain data is used to analyze
                  the performance of our products and services, as well as learn more
here
.
In addition, to the extent required by applicable law, you may have the right to request
            access to or delete your personal information. If you wish to do any of these things,
            you may go to
Data Privacy Queries
. Depending on your data choices, certain services may be limited or unavailable.
Are Children Allowed to Use Amazon Services?
Amazon does not sell products for purchase by children. We sell children's products
            for purchase by adults. If you are under 18, you may use Amazon Services only with
            the involvement of a parent or guardian. We do not knowingly collect personal information
            from children under the age of 13 without the consent of the child's parent or guardian.
            For more information, please see our
Children's Privacy Disclosure
.
EU-US Data Privacy Framework, UK Extension, and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework
Amazon.com, Inc. participates in the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension
            to the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework. Click
here
to learn more.
Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions
If you choose to use Amazon Services, your use and any dispute over privacy is subject
            to this Notice and our
Conditions of Use
, including limitations on damages, resolution of disputes, and application of the
            law of the state of Washington. If you have any concern about privacy at Amazon, please
            contact us with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve it. Our business
            changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice will change also. You should check our
            websites frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy
            Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand
            behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies
            and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the
            past without the consent of affected customers.
Related Practices and Information
Conditions of Use
Seller Program Policies
Help pages
Most Recent Purchases
Community Guidelines
Examples of Information Collected
Information You Give Us When You Use Amazon Services
You provide information to us when you:
search or shop for products or services in our stores;
add or remove an item from your cart, or place an order through or use Amazon Services;
download, stream, view, or use content on a device or through a service or application
                  on a device;
provide information in
Your Account
(and you might have more than one if you have used more than one email address or
                  mobile number when shopping with us) or
Your Profile
;
talk to or otherwise interact with our Alexa Voice service;
upload your contacts;
configure your settings on, provide data access permissions for, or interact with
                  an Amazon device or service;
provide information in your
Seller Account
,
Kindle Direct Publishing
account
,
Developer
account
, or any other account we make available that allows you to develop or offer software,
                  goods, or services to Amazon customers;
offer your products or services on or through Amazon Services;
communicate with us by phone, email, or otherwise;
complete a questionnaire, a support ticket, or a contest entry form;
upload or stream images, videos or other files to Prime Photos, Amazon Drive, or other
                  Amazon Services;
use our services such as Prime Video;
compile Playlists, Watchlists,
Wish Lists
, or other gift registries;
participate in Discussion Boards or other community features;
provide and rate
Reviews
;
specify a Special Occasion Reminder; or
employ
Product Availability Alerts
, such as Available to Order Notifications.
As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as:
identifying information such as your name, address, and phone numbers;
payment information;
your age;
your location information;
your IP address;
people, addresses and phone numbers listed in your Addresses;
email addresses of your friends and other people;
content of reviews and emails to us;
personal description and photograph in
Your Profile
;
voice recordings when you speak to Alexa;
images and videos collected or stored in connection with Amazon Services;
information and documents regarding identity, including Social Security and driver's
                        license numbers;
corporate and financial information;
credit history information; and
device log files and configurations, including Wi-Fi credentials, if you choose to
                        automatically synchronize them with your other Amazon devices.
Automatic Information
Examples of the information we collect and analyze include:
the internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the internet;
login, email address, and password;
the location of your device or computer;
content interaction information, such as content downloads, streams, and playback
                  details, including duration and number of simultaneous streams and downloads, and
                  network details for streaming and download quality, including information about your
                  internet service provider;
device metrics such as when a device is in use, application usage, connectivity data,
                  and any errors or event failures;
Amazon Services metrics (e.g., the occurrences of technical errors, your interactions
                  with service features and content, your settings preferences and backup information,
                  location of your device running an application, information about uploaded images
                  and files such as the file name, dates, times and location of your images);
version and time zone settings;
purchase and content use history, which we sometimes aggregate with similar information
                  from other customers to create features like
Top Sellers
;
the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our websites,
                  including date and time; products and content you viewed or searched for; page response
                  times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, and page interaction information
                  (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs);
phone numbers used to call our customer service number; and
images or videos when you shop in our stores, or stores using Amazon Services.
We may also use device identifiers, cookies, and other technologies on devices, applications,
            and our web pages to collect browsing, usage, or other technical information.
Information from Other Sources
Examples of information we receive from other sources include:
updated delivery and address information from our carriers or other third parties,
                  which we use to correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication
                  more easily;
account information, purchase or redemption information, and page-view information
                  from some merchants with which we operate co-branded businesses or for which we provide
                  technical, fulfillment, advertising, or other services;
information about your interactions with products and services offered by our subsidiaries;
search results and links, including paid listings (such as Sponsored Links);
information about internet-connected devices and services linked with Alexa; and
credit history information from credit bureaus, which we use to help prevent and detect
                  fraud and to offer certain credit or financial services to some customers.
Information You Can Access
Examples of information you can access through Amazon Services include:
status of recent orders (including subscriptions);
your complete order history;
personally identifiable information (including name, email, password, and address
                  book);
payment settings (including payment card information, promotional certificate and
                  gift card balances, and 1-Click settings);
email notification settings (including Product Availability Alerts, Delivers, Special
                  Occasion Reminders and newsletters);
recommendations and the products you recently viewed that are the basis for recommendations
                  (including Recommended for You and Improve Your Recommendations);
shopping lists and gift registries (including Wish Lists and Baby and Wedding Registries);
your content, devices, services, and related settings, and communications and personalized
                  advertising preferences;
content that you recently viewed;
voice recordings associated with your account;
Your Profile (including your product Reviews, Recommendations, Reminders and personal
                  profile);
If you are a seller, you can access your account and other information, and adjust
                  your communications preferences, by updating your account in
Seller Central
.
If you are an author, you can access your account and other information, and update
                  your accounts, on the
Kindle Direct Publishing (KDP)
or
Author Central
website, as applicable.
If you are a developer participating in our Developer Services Program, you can access
                  your account and other information, and adjust your communications preferences, by
                  updating your accounts in the
Developer Services Portal
.
Was this information helpful?
Yes
No
Thank you for your feedback.
Please select what best describes the information:
This information is confusing or wrong
This isn't the information I was looking for
I don't like this policy
Submit
Thanks! While we're unable to respond directly to your feedback, 
	we'll use this information to improve our online Help.
‹
All Help Topics
Legal Policies
Consumer Health Data Privacy Disclosure
3rd Party Licensing Notice
AMAZON INFLUENCER TERMS & CONDITIONS FOR SPONSORED CONTENT
Conditions of Use
Communications with Amazon Employees
Report Suspicious Activity
Amazon.com Privacy Notice
Amazon Group Companies
Amazon Trademark Usage Guidelines
Non-Exhaustive List of Amazon Trademarks
Amazon.com Gift Card and Electronic Message Customization Service Terms
Quick solutions
Your Orders
                                            Track or cancel orders
Your Orders
Track or cancel orders
Returns & Refunds
                                            Exchange or return items
Returns & Refunds
Exchange or return items
Manage Prime
                                            Cancel or view benefits
Manage Prime
Cancel or view benefits
Payment Settings
                                            Add or edit payment methods
Payment Settings
Add or edit payment methods
Carrier Info
                                            Shipping carrier information
Carrier Info
Shipping carrier information
Account Settings
                                            Change email or password
Account Settings
Change email or password
Sub-policy 4
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/:
Choose another country or region to see content specific to your location and shop online.
Ireland
Ireland
Other country or region
Continue
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Privacy
Local Nav Open Menu
Local Nav Close Menu
Overview
Features
Control
Labels
Transparency Report
Privacy Policy
English
Choose your preferred language
At Apple, we believe strongly in fundamental privacy rights — and that those fundamental rights should not differ depending on where you live in the world.
That’s why we treat any data that relates to an identified or identifiable individual or that is linked or linkable to them by Apple as “personal data,” no matter where the individual lives.
This means that data that directly identifies you — such as your name — is personal data, and also data that does not directly identify you, but that can reasonably be used to identify you — such as the serial number of your device — is personal data. Aggregated data is considered non‑personal data for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy covers how
Apple or an Apple-affiliated company
(collectively, “Apple”) handles personal data whether you interact with us on our websites, through Apple apps (such as Apple Music or Wallet), or in person (including by phone or when visiting an Apple Store). Apple may also link to third parties on our services or make third-party apps available for download in our App Store. Apple’s Privacy Policy does not apply to how third parties define personal data or how they use it. We encourage you to read their privacy policies and know your privacy rights before interacting with them.
At Apple, we respect your ability to know, access, correct, transfer, restrict the processing of, and delete your personal data. We have provided these rights to our global customer base and if you choose to exercise these privacy rights, you have the right not to be treated in a discriminatory way nor to receive a lesser degree of service from Apple. Where you are requested to consent to the processing of your personal data by Apple, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
To exercise your privacy rights and choices, including where a third-party service provider is acting on Apple’s behalf, visit the Apple Data and Privacy page at
privacy.apple.com
for Apple or
shazam.com/privacy
for Shazam.
To help protect the security of your personal data, you must sign in to your account and your identity will be verified. If you want to obtain a copy of personal data that is not currently available from
privacy.apple.com
, you can make a request at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the applicable regulator.
There may be situations where we cannot grant your request — for example, if you ask us to delete your transaction data and Apple is legally obligated to keep a record of that transaction to comply with law. We may also decline to grant a request where doing so would undermine our legitimate use of data for anti-fraud and security purposes, such as when you request deletion of an account that is being investigated for security concerns. Other reasons your privacy request may be denied are if it jeopardizes the privacy of others, is frivolous or vexatious, or would be extremely impractical or unreasonable.
If you live in California and you cannot access Apple’s Data and Privacy page,
you or your authorized agent can make a request at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
or by calling 1-800-275-2273.
For more information on exercising your rights, visit
support.apple.com/102283
.
At Apple, we believe that you can have great products and great privacy. This means that we strive to
collect only the personal data that we need
. The personal data Apple collects depends on how you interact with Apple. Descriptions of how Apple handles personal data for certain individual services are available at
apple.com/legal/privacy/data
.
When you create an Apple Account, apply for commercial credit, purchase and/or activate a product or device, download a software update, register for a class at an Apple Store, connect to our services, contact us (including by social media), participate in an online survey, or otherwise interact with Apple, we may collect a variety of information, including:
Account Information.
Your Apple Account and related account details, including email address, devices registered, account status, and age
Device Information.
Data from which your device could be identified, such as device serial number, or about your device, such as browser type
Contact Information
. Data such as name, email address, physical address, phone number, or other contact information
Payment Information. Data about your billing address and method of payment, such as bank details, credit, debit, or other payment card information
Transaction Information.
Data about purchases of Apple products and services or transactions facilitated by Apple, including purchases on Apple platforms
Fraud Prevention Information.
Data used to help identify and prevent fraud, including a device trust score
Usage Data.
Data about your activity on and use of our offerings, such as app launches within our services, including browsing history; search history; product interaction; crash data, performance and other diagnostic data; and other usage data
Location Information
. Precise location only to support services such as Find My or where you agree for region-specific services, and coarse location
Health Information.
Data relating to the health status of an individual, including data related to one’s physical or mental health or condition. Personal health data also includes data that can be used to make inferences about or detect the health status of an individual. If you participate in a study using an Apple Health Research Study app, the policy governing the privacy of your personal data is described in the
Apple Health Study Apps Privacy Policy
.
Fitness Information.
Details relating to your fitness and exercise information where you choose to share them
Financial Information.
Details including salary, income, and assets information where collected, and information related to Apple-branded financial offerings
Government ID Data.
In certain jurisdictions, we may ask for a government-issued ID in limited circumstances, including when setting up a wireless account and activating your device, for the purpose of extending commercial credit, managing reservations, or as required by law
Other Information You Provide to Us.
Details such as the content of your communications with Apple, including interactions with customer support and contacts through social media channels
You are not required to provide the personal data that we have requested. However, if you choose not to do so, in many cases we will not be able to provide you with our products or services or respond to requests you may have.
Apple may receive personal data about you from other
individuals
, from businesses or third parties acting
at your direction
, from our
partners
who work with us to provide our products and services and assist us in security and fraud prevention, and from other
lawful sources.
Individuals.
Apple may collect data about you from other individuals — for example, if that individual has sent you a product or gift card, invited you to participate in an Apple service or forum, or shared content with you.
At Your Direction.
You may direct other individuals or third parties to share data with Apple. For example, you may direct your mobile carrier to share data about your carrier account with Apple for account activation, or for your loyalty program to share information about your participation so that you can earn rewards for Apple purchases.
Apple Partners.
We may also validate the information you provide — for example, when creating an Apple Account, with a third party for security, and for fraud-prevention purposes.
To power features such as search and as a source for our foundational AI models, Apple uses Applebot, a web crawler, to crawl information that is publicly available on the internet. We have measures in place to reduce the amount of personal data we collect and make no attempt to connect data crawled to any individual Apple user, or to build profiles about individuals. Your private personal data is not used to train our foundational AI models. To exercise your right as an individual to opt out of processing, visit the
Apple Intelligence Privacy Inquiries form
. For more information about Applebot, visit
support.apple.com/120320
.
For research and development purposes, we may use datasets such as those that contain images, voices, or other data that could be associated with an identifiable person. When acquiring such datasets, we do so in accordance with applicable law, including law in the jurisdiction in which the dataset is hosted. When using such datasets for research and development, we do not attempt to reidentify individuals who may appear therein.
Apple uses personal data to power our services, to process your transactions, to communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also use personal data for other purposes with your consent.
Apple uses your personal data only when we have a valid legal basis to do so.
Depending on the circumstance, Apple may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfill a contract with you, protect your vital interests or those of other persons, or to comply with law. We may also process your personal data where we believe it is in our or others’ legitimate interests, taking into consideration your interests, rights, and expectations. More information is available in the product-specific information embedded in our products and features as described above. If you have questions about the legal basis, you can contact the Data Protection Officer at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
.
Power Our Services.
Apple collects personal data necessary to power our services, which may include personal data collected to improve our offerings, for internal purposes such as auditing or data analysis, or for troubleshooting. For example, if you would like to access a song through an Apple Music subscription, we collect data on what songs you play in order to provide you with the content requested and for royalty purposes.
Process Your Transactions.
To process transactions, Apple must collect data such as your name, purchase, and payment information.
Communicate with You.
To respond to communications, reach out to you about your transactions or account, market our products and services, provide other relevant information, or request information or feedback. From time to time, we may use your personal data to send important notices, such as communications about purchases and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. Because this information is important to your interaction with Apple, you may not opt out of receiving these important notices.
Security and Fraud Prevention.
To protect individuals, employees, and Apple and for loss prevention and to prevent fraud, including to protect individuals, employees, and Apple for the benefit of all our users, and prescreening or scanning uploaded content for potentially illegal content, including child sexual exploitation material.
Personal Data Used for Personalization.
If you choose to personalize your services or communications where such options are available, Apple will use information that we collect so that we can offer you those personalized services or communications. You can learn more about how relevant services use information to personalize your experience by reviewing the privacy information presented when you first use a service that asks to use your personal data. We make this information easy to find by presenting it with our Data & Privacy icon; it’s also available at all times on your Apple device and online at
apple.com/legal/privacy/data
.
Comply with Law.
To comply with applicable law — for example, to satisfy tax or reporting obligations, or to comply with a lawful governmental request.
Apple does not use algorithms or profiling to make any decision that would significantly affect you without the opportunity for human review. Apple also does not use or disclose sensitive personal data for any purposes that would require a user to exercise a right to limit processing according to California law.
Apple retains personal data only for so long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, including as described in this Privacy Policy or in our service-specific privacy notices, or as required by law. We will retain your personal data for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy and our service-specific privacy notices. When assessing retention periods, we first carefully examine whether it is necessary to retain the personal data collected and, if retention is required, work to retain the personal data for the shortest possible period permissible under law.
Apple may share personal data with
Apple-affiliated companies
,
service providers
who act on our behalf, our
partners
,
developers, and publishers
, or others
at your direction
. Further, Apple does not share personal data with third parties for their own marketing purposes.
Service Providers.
Apple may engage third parties to act as our service providers and perform certain tasks on our behalf, such as processing or storing data, including personal data, in connection with your use of our services and delivering products to customers. Apple service providers are obligated to handle personal data consistent with this Privacy Policy and according to our instructions. They cannot use the personal data we share for their own purposes and must delete or return the personal data once they’ve fulfilled our request.
Partners.
At times, Apple may partner with third parties to provide services or other offerings. For example, Apple financial offerings like Apple Card and Apple Cash are offered by Apple and our partners. Apple requires its partners to protect your personal data.
Developers and Publishers from Whom You Get a Subscription.
If you purchase a third-party subscription from the App Store or within Apple News, we create a Subscriber ID that is unique to you and the developer or publisher. The Subscriber ID may be used to provide reports to the developer or publisher, which include information about the subscription you purchased and your country of residence. If you cancel all of your subscriptions from a particular developer or publisher, the Subscriber ID will reset after 180 days if you do not resubscribe. This information is provided to developers or publishers so that they can understand the performance of their subscriptions.
Others.
Apple may share personal data with others at your direction or with your consent, such as when we share information with your carrier to activate your account. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary or appropriate. We may also disclose information about you where there is a lawful basis for doing so, if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or to protect our operations or users, or in the event of a reorganization, merger, or sale.
Apple does not sell your personal data including as “sale” is defined in Nevada and California. Apple also does not “share” your personal data as that term is defined in California.
At Apple, we believe that great privacy rests on great security. We use
administrative, technical, and physical safeguards
to protect your personal data, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the processing, and the threats posed. We are constantly working to improve on these safeguards to help keep your personal data secure. For more information, visit our
Apple Platform Security
guide.
Apple understands the importance of safeguarding the personal data of children, which we consider to be an
individual under the age of 13 or the equivalent age as specified by law in your jurisdiction
. That is why Apple has implemented additional processes and protections to help keep children’s personal data safe.
To access certain Apple services, a child must have a child Apple Account. A child Apple Account may be created by the
parent
or, in the case of a Managed Apple Account, by the
child’s educational institution
.
Parents.
To create a child account, parents must review the
Family Privacy Disclosure for Children
, which describes how Apple handles children’s personal data. If they agree, the parent must provide Apple with a verifiable parental consent.
Educational Institutions.
Educational institutions that participate in the Apple School Manager Program may also create Apple IDs for students, called “Managed Apple IDs.” These schools are required to agree to the
Managed Apple IDs for Students Disclosure
which is included as Exhibit A to the Apple School Manager Agreement.
If we learn that a child’s personal data was collected without appropriate authorization, it will be deleted as soon as possible.
To exercise privacy rights for your child’s information, visit the Apple Data and Privacy page at
privacy.apple.com
and sign in to their account.
Apple’s websites, online services, interactive applications, and advertisements may use
“cookies” and other technologies
such as web beacons.
These technologies help us to better understand user behavior including for security and fraud prevention purposes, tell us which parts of our websites people have visited, and facilitate and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches.
Communications Cookies.
These cookies are used to enable network traffic to and from Apple’s systems, including by helping us detect any errors.
Strictly Necessary Cookies.
These cookies are set as required to provide a specific feature or service that you have accessed or requested. For example, they allow us to display our websites in the proper format and language, to authenticate and verify your transactions, and to preserve the contents of your Bag when shopping online at
apple.com
.
Other Cookies.
These cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with our websites and online services, including by helping us to assess the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches. Apple also uses these cookies to remember choices you make while browsing, so we can provide you with a customized experience.
If you prefer that Apple not use cookies, we provide you with the means to disable their use. If you want to disable cookies and you’re using the Safari web browser, choose “Block all cookies” in Safari’s privacy settings. If you are using a different browser, check with your provider to find out how to disable cookies. Certain features of the Apple website may not be available if all cookies are disabled.
In addition to cookies, Apple uses other technologies that help us achieve similar objectives.
In some email messages Apple sends to you, we provide a “click-through URL” that links you to content on the Apple website. When you click one of these URLs, they pass through a separate server before arriving at the destination page on our website. We track this click-through to help us determine interest in particular topics and measure whether we are communicating with you effectively. If you prefer not to be tracked in this way, you should not click graphic or text links in email messages.
Apple generally treats data we collect using these cookies and similar technologies as non-personal data.
However, to the extent that Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or similar identifiers are considered personal data by local law, we also treat these identifiers as personal data in those regions. In addition, Apple sometimes combines non-personal data collected from these technologies with other personal data Apple holds. When we combine data in this way, we treat the combined data as personal data for purposes of this Privacy Policy.
Ads that are delivered by Apple’s advertising platform may appear on the App Store, Apple News, Stocks, and Apple TV app depending on your location. Apple’s advertising platform does not track you, meaning that it does not link user or device data collected from our apps with user or device data collected from third parties for targeted advertising or advertising measurement purposes, and does not share user or device data with data brokers.
If you do not want to receive ads targeted to your interests from Apple's advertising platform in those apps, you can choose to disable Personalized Ads, which will opt your Apple Account out of receiving such ads regardless of what device you are using. On your iOS, iPadOS, or visionOS device, you can disable Personalized Ads by going to Settings > Privacy & Security > Apple Advertising and tapping to turn off Personalized Ads. On your Mac, you can disable Personalized Ads by going to System Settings > Privacy & Security > Privacy > Advertising, then deselecting Personalized Ads. You may still see ads in the App Store, Apple News, or Stocks based on context like your search query or the channel you are reading. If you disable Allow Apps to Request to Track, third-party apps cannot request to use the Advertising Identifier, a non-personal identifier served by the operating system on your device, to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies.
For more information about Apple-delivered advertising and privacy, visit
apple.com/legal/privacy/data/ww/apple-advertising
.
Apple products and offerings connect you to the world. To make that possible,
your personal data may be transferred to or accessed by entities around the world,
including Apple-affiliated companies, to perform processing activities such as those described in this Privacy Policy in connection with your use of our products and services. Apple complies with laws on the transfer of personal data between countries to help ensure your data is protected, wherever it may be.
The Apple entity that controls your personal data may differ depending on where you live.
For example, Apple Store information is controlled by individual retail entities in each country and Apple Media Services-related personal data may be controlled by various Apple entities as reflected in the terms of service. If you do not reside in the U.S., your personal data may be processed by Apple Inc. and other Apple-affiliated companies on behalf of the Apple entity controlling personal data for your jurisdiction. For example, Imagery and associated data collected by Apple around the world to improve Apple Maps and to support our Look Around feature is transferred to Apple Inc. in California.
Personal data relating to individuals in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland is controlled by Apple Distribution International Limited in Ireland. Apple’s international transfer of personal data collected in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland is governed by
Standard Contractual Clauses
. If you have questions or would like a copy of Apple’s Standard Contractual Clauses, you can contact us at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
.
Personal data collected by
Apple or an Apple-affiliated company
worldwide is generally stored by Apple Inc. in the United States. Regardless of where your personal data is stored, Apple maintains the same high level of protection and safeguarding measures.
Apple’s privacy practices, as described in this Privacy Policy, comply with the Global Cross-Border Privacy Rules (CBPRs) System and the Global Privacy Recognition for Processors (PRP) System. For more information about the Global CBPR and PRP Systems, visit
Global CBPR Forum
. To view our certifications, visit
CBPR System Compliance Directory
. For more information about the scope of our participation, or to submit a privacy inquiry through
BBB National Programs
, our Accountability Agent, visit:
Cross-Border Privacy Rules Program
Privacy Recognition for Processors Program
Personal data relating to individuals in the People’s Republic of China may be processed by Apple in countries outside of the People’s Republic of China, such as Apple Inc. in the United States or Apple Distribution International Limited in the Republic of Ireland. Where this occurs, it will be done in compliance with local laws, including the Personal Information Protection Law. For the purposes of processing set out in this Privacy Policy, Apple may also transfer such personal data to third-party service providers, who may in turn store or transfer the data outside of the People’s Republic of China. For more information, visit
China Mainland Privacy Disclosures
.
To make sure your personal data is secure, we communicate our privacy and security guidelines to Apple employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company.
If you have questions about Apple’s Privacy Policy or privacy practices including where a third-party service provider is acting on our behalf, or you would like to contact our Data Protection Officer, you can contact us at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
or call the
Apple Support number
for your country or region.
You can also ask us questions about how to submit a privacy complaint and we will endeavor to help.
Apple takes your privacy questions seriously. A dedicated team reviews your inquiry to determine how best to respond to your question or concern, including those inquiries received in response to an access or download request. In most cases, all substantive contacts receive a response within seven days. In other cases, we may require additional information or let you know that we need more time to respond.
Where your complaint indicates an improvement could be made in our handling of privacy issues, we will take steps to make such an update at the next reasonable opportunity. In the event that a privacy issue has resulted in a negative impact on you or another person, we will take steps to address that with you or that other person.
You may at any time — including if you are not satisfied with Apple’s response — refer your complaint to the applicable regulator. If you ask us, we will endeavor to provide you with information about relevant complaint avenues which may be applicable to your circumstances.
When there is a material change to this Privacy Policy, we’ll post a notice on this website at least a week in advance of doing so and contact you directly about the change if we have your data on file.
View our CBPR certification
View our PRP certification