[Privacy Policy]
ANGAMES Co., Ltd
(hereinafter “Company”) considers the personal information of its members
precious, and is doing its best to protect such information provided to the
Company after members start using ANGAMES services. The Company is fully
compliant with the Law on the Promotion of Information and Communication
Network Use and Protection of Information and other regulations on the
protection of personal information. Through its policies for handling personal
information, the Company describes how such data is used and what measures are
taken to protect it.
The Company should post
its privacy policy on the homepage (or official web café) operated by the Company, so that members can easily check it whenever
they want.
When the policies
for handling personal information are revised, the Company immediately announces
them with version numbers and dates of revision granted. This is to allow members
to easily understand what has been revised. Members are advised to frequently
visit our site to check for revisions.
Article 1 [General provisions]
1. Personal
information is data on an existing person that others can use to identify that person.
2. The Company greatly values the protection
of personal information, and complies with related laws/regulations such as the
Law on the Promotion of Information and Communication Network Use and
Protection of Information and other guidelines for protecting personal
information as announced by the Korea Communications Commission. [RU1]
3. Following any change in related
laws/regulations or internal operation policies, the Company can revise its policies
for handling personal information. Thereafter, it must immediately announce the
reasons for and details of the revisions.
Article 2 [Items of personal information collected and means of
collection]
1. When
customers use the mobile games of the Company, it collects the following
personal information to
provide seamless service, build data statistics, etc.
1) Items of personal
information collected
- Data of terminal (e.g.,
model name, type and version of OS), phone number, information on mobile
carrier, records of game use and access, payment records
2) Means of
collection
- When enrolling as
a member, playing the game for the first time after purchase, accessing the
network, consulting with the customer center, entering an event
Article 3 [Purpose of collecting and using personal information]
1. On the
personal information collected, the Company shall use it within the limits of
the following purpose announced, and in principle, shall not use it for
purposes exceeding the limits or disclose it without prior consent of the user.
(Nevertheless, if the user agrees to the disclosure of personal information in
advance, if the disclosure of personal information is based on
laws/regulations, or if an investigative authority demands the disclosure based
on the procedures and means stipulated by
laws/regulations, the Company shall disclose the personal information.)
1) To execute the contract for service provision
and settle the payment following service
- Providing contents and customized service,
authenticating official purchase, conducting identification, settling
payments
2) To manage members 
- Conducting identification for service use, verifying individuals, preventing
fraudulent/unauthorized use, checking intention for authentication, preserving
records to settle disputes, handling complaints, delivering announcements,
identifying legal representatives for future incidents
3) To use in marketing, advertising and
statistics
- Developing new services, providing services and conducting advertising based
on statistics, checking the validity of service, providing information for
advertising, offering opportunities to enter events, grasping the frequency of
access, compiling statistics on the use of service
4) Purpose of collecting and using the
personal information of legal guardians
- To check if the legal guardians of children
under 14 years old agreed to the collection of personal information, and if the
legal guardians of youths under age 20 agreed to the payment
2. The Company shall not deliver commercial
advertising information to a member if he/she explicitly shows the intention of
rejecting it.
Article 4 [Share and provision of personal information collected]
1. The Company shall use the personal
information of its members within the limits announced in purpose of collecting
and using personal information. In principle, such data shall not be
used for purposes exceeding the limits or disclose it without the prior consent
of the user. In case of the following, however, exceptions can be made.
1) In case the user has applied and agreed to
an event product/mail delivery using the personal information, and the Company
has to assign the delivery of such products, mail or parcel to a delivery
service company, or if the Company has to send electronic messages (i.e., email,
SMS, MMS or messenger service) to fulfill such applications and the user agreement
2) In case the Company provides the personal
information of users to advertisers, partner companies or research groups for
the purpose of developing statistics, conducting academic research or surveying
markets. In this case, personal information shall have a format that makes specific
users unidentifiable
3) In case the Company decides in good faith
that laws/regulations require the sharing or provision of personal information
(i.e., a governmental agency requests such sharing or provision following a
legitimate procedure based on related laws/regulations)
2. In case of the following, the Company may
disclose personal information to a third party after user content.
1) To settle the payment for charged contents,
the name, phone number, payment information or other data of the user can be
provided to a contents provider, open market, mobile carrier or payment company
whose services the user used.
2) The personal information of users who
participated in various events may be provided to the sponsor of such events.
Article 5 [Period of retaining and using personal information]
1. In principle, the Company shall immediately
destroy personal information after fulfilling the purpose of collecting and
using personal information. If personal information such as addresses was
provided for the entry of events, however, the Company shall retain such
information for six months after the end of the events to send related products
to and provide customer service for participating users.
2. In case related laws/regulations require
the retention of personal information, the Company shall retain personal
information for a period set by such laws/regulations as follows.
1) Retained items 
- The Company shall retain all items described in Clause 1-1, Article 2 of this
document.
2) Reasons for such retention based on related
laws/regulations 
Based on the related laws/regulations on customer protection (e.g., laws
on commerce and electronic commerce), the Company shall retain user information
for a period set by such laws/regulations if such retention is deemed
necessary. In this case, the retained information shall only be used for the
purpose of retention, and the retention period shall not exceed the period set
by the laws/regulations.
Article 6 [Technical & managerial measures to protect personal
information]
1. In handling personal information of its
members, the Company has established and is operating the following technical and
managerial measures to prevent the loss, theft, leak, falsification or damage
of personal information and secure safety.
1) Technical measures 
- The personal information of the users is protected by password. When sending
files and data, the Company uses encryption technology to protect them.
- The Company uses anti-infiltration system to
prevent unauthorized access from the outside. To secure safety of the system,
the Company is striving to adapt all available technologies and devices.
2) Minimizing the number of employees handling
personal information and providing training and education for them
- The Company limits the number of employees handling personal information to
direct managers, and provides them with separate passwords that are subject to
routine updates. By also providing frequent training and education to them, the
Company emphasizes the importance of complying with the policies for protecting
personal information.
- The Company makes sure that its employees
who handle personal information of members do not damage, infringe or leak such
information acquired officially.
Article 7 [Rights of users and legal representatives, and implementation]
1. A user can terminate his/her agreement for
collecting personal information by sending written documents/email or calling the
manager of personal information. In this case, the Company shall identify the
user and take necessary measures such as destroying the personal information
unless related laws/regulations prevent this. If personal information is
destroyed, the data created and accumulated by the user’s use of the Company’s
services can be destroyed along with it.
2. In case the Company has legitimate reasons
to deny the perusal of all or part of a user’s personal information or deny a
request for correcting it, the user shall be informed of this immediately and given
an explanation of such reasons.
3. The legal guardians of children under 14
years old have the same rights described in this Article for their own personal
information and that the personal information of the children.
Article 8 [Protection of children’s personal information]
1. In case the Company collects the personal
information of a child under 14 years old, the Company shall get the consent of
the child’s legal guardian.
2. The consent of legal guardians is used to
settle dissatisfaction/disputes between children and the Company related to the
contract, withdrawal of subscription, payment, supply of goods and other
matters.
3. The legal guardians of children may request
the perusal or correction of the children’s personal information or terminate their
consent on collecting, using and providing the children’s personal information.
Upon such a request, the Company shall take necessary measures without delay.
Article 9 [Rights of users and legal guardians and implementation]
1. Users can terminate their agreement on
collecting personal information by sending written documents/email or calling the
manager of personal information. In this case, the Company shall identify the
user and take necessary measures such as destroying the personal information
unless related laws/regulations prevent this. If personal information is
destroyed, the information created and accumulated by a user’s use of the
Company’s services can be destroyed along with it.
2. In case the Company has legitimate reasons
to deny the perusal of all or part of a user’s personal information or deny a
request for correcting it, the Company shall inform the user immediately and
explain the reasons.
3. The legal guardians of children under age 14
have the same rights described in this Article for their own personal
information and that of the children.
Article 10 [Collecting opinions on personal information and
handling complaints]
1. On the protection of personal information,
the Company has prepared all available procedures and measures to collect the
opinions of members and handle their complaints. Referring to the team, name
and contact data of the managers described below, members can report their
complaints through phone calls or email. Upon receiving such complaints, the
Company shall swiftly provide sufficient answers.
1) [Manager of personal information] 
Name: Andrew JH Park
Email: redsun@angames.co.kr
[Manager for children’s protection]
Name: HAM YONG JOO
Email: dr42@angames.co.kr
2. To report infringement of personal
information or receive related consultation, please contact to local related
organization.
Article 11 [Duty for announcing change in policies]
The policies for handling personal information
are subject to revision, addition or deletion based on the change of
governmental policies, company policies and technologies. Announcements,
however, shall be sent to users through notice on the service website or email
and game alarms (e.g., pushed messages or SMS) at least 10 days prior to such
revision, addition or deletion.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.fandom.com/privacy-policy:
Start a Wiki
Sign In
Don't have an account?
Register
Sign In
Explore
Fan Central
Try FanCentral
Games
Movies
TV
Video
Wikis
Explore Wikis
Community Central
Start a Wiki
Manage all your favorite fandoms in one place!
Try FanCentral
Don't have an account?
Register
Sign In
Community Central
Manage all your favorite fandoms in one place!
Try FanCentral
Don't have an account?
Register
Sign In
Date of Last Revision: November 1, 2023
Fandom, Inc. (“
Fandom
” “
we
,” “
us
,” and “
our
”) provides a home to explore, contribute to, and celebrate the world of pop culture. Our Privacy Policy (“
Privacy Policy
”) is designed to help you understand how we collect, use, and share your personal information, and to assist you in exercising the privacy rights available to you.
SCOPE
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
DISCLOSING YOUR INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES
YOUR CHOICES
DATA RETENTION
SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
CHILDRENS’ INFORMATION
ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY THAT ARE APPLICABLE TO EEA AND UK RESIDENTS
YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY THAT ARE APPLICABLE TO U.S. RESIDENTS
ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY THAT ARE APPLICABLE TO RESIDENTS OF BRAZIL AND CHINA
ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS
CONTACT US
SCOPE
Fandom, Inc. is a company registered in the State of Delaware, U.S.A. (corporate number C2935209), with a registered office at 550 California Street, Suite 830 San Francisco, CA 94104. We are the data controller of the personal information that we collect from you as described in this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy applies to personal information processed by us in our business, including on our websites, mobile applications, and our related online and offline offerings (collectively, the “
Services
”). The Services include websites at fandom.com and wikia.org, and the respective subdomains thereof, and the mobile apps provided under the Fandom brand. The Services also include the websites at muthead.com and fanatical.com (and any related mobile applications).
We respect your right to privacy. Our overall aim is to ensure that our collection and use of personal information is appropriate to the provision of the Services for our users, and is in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time in our sole discretion. If there are any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you as required by applicable law. You understand and agree that you will be deemed to have accepted the updated Privacy Policy if you continue to use the Services after the new Privacy Policy takes effect.
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
The categories of personal information we collect depend on how you interact with our Services and the requirements of applicable law.
Visitors
are people who access the Services. Visitors include
Registered Users
who access the Services through their accounts, and
Non-Registered Users
who access the Services without using an account. We recognize that most Visitors are Non-Registered Users.
You do not need to be a Registered User in order to access most information on the Services. Being a Registered User is only required for certain activities, such as creating, managing, or administrating a Fandom community, making a contribution to a Fandom community that does not allow for contributions by non-Registered Users, submitting comments about other content on the Services, or participating in a chat forum. In addition, you must be a Registered User in order to make certain purchases or view certain content on our mobile applications.
Information You Provide to Us
Account Creation
. When you create an account on the Services in order to become a Registered User, we collect information such as your username and password, valid email address, and date of birth. You may optionally provide us with additional information including your first and last names, your gender, and your interests and hobbies. Certain websites and apps in the Services may require you to provide additional information, such as your postal mailing address, telephone number, and payment information. We refer to the information provided at account creation as “
Registration Data
.”
Visitors
. We collect the information you provide when modifying the content of a page on the Services (such as making edits, uploading images, etc.). We also collect your username that you associate with your user contributions. We also collect information you provide when you upload, purchase, view, or download certain content or products from the Services. Further, if you use the Fandom mobile app,
you may indicate the communities in which you are particularly interested. We refer to information collected directly from Visitors as “
Visitor Data
.”
Payment Information
. You may purchase digital items or other goods using the services. We use a third-party payment provider to process payments on the Services. We may receive information associated with your payment information, such as your billing address and transaction information, but we do not directly store your payment information ourselves.
Your Communications with Us
. We collect personal information from you such as your email address, phone number, or mailing address when you request information about our Services, register for our newsletters, request customer or technical support, or otherwise communicate with us.
Surveys
. We may contact you to participate in surveys. If you decide to participate, you may be asked to provide certain information, which may include personal information.
Interactive Features
. We offer interactive features such as forums, blogs, chat and messaging services, browser extensions, and social media pages. We and others who use our Services may collect the information you submit or make available through these interactive features. Any content you provide via the public sections of these features will be considered “public,” unless otherwise required by applicable law, and is not subject to the privacy protections referenced herein. By using these interactive features, you assume the risk that the personal information provided by you may be viewed and used by third parties for their own purposes. Please exercise caution before revealing any information that may identify you in the real world to other users, and review any additional disclosures on each feature’s download page for more information.
Registration for Sweepstakes or Contests
. We may run sweepstakes and contests. Contact information you provide may be used to inform you about the sweepstakes or contest and for other promotional, marketing and business purposes, if permitted by law. In some jurisdictions, we are required to publicly share information, such as the full names of winners.
Conferences, Trade Shows, and Other Events
. We may attend conferences, trade shows, and other events where we collect personal information from individuals who interact with or express an interest in the Services.
Business Development and Strategic Partnerships
. We may collect personal information from individuals and third parties to assess and pursue potential business opportunities.
Job Applications
. We may post job openings and opportunities on the Services. If you reply to one of these postings by submitting your application, CV and/or cover letter to us, we will collect and process the information contained therein to assess your suitability, aptitude, skills, and qualifications for employment.
Information Collected Automatically
Automatic Data Collection
. We may collect certain information automatically when you use the Services. This information may include your Internet protocol (IP) address, user settings, MAC address, cookie identifiers, mobile carrier, mobile advertising and other unique identifiers, details about your browser, operating system or device, location information (including inferred location based off of your IP address), Internet service provider, pages that you visit before, during, and after using the Services, information about the links you click, information about how you interact with the Services, including the frequency and duration of your activities, the search requests you submit on the Services, and other information about how you use the Services. If you use our browser extensions, we may also collect information about your activities on other sites in order to provide the extension’s intended functionality. We may attempt to infer other information about you based on this information or associate it with your accounts on other devices.
Crash Reports.
If you provide crash reports, such as when using our mobile app, we may collect personal information related to such crash reports, including detailed diagnostic information about your device and the activities that led to the crash.
Cookies, Pixel Tags/Web Beacons, and Analytics Information
. We, as well as third parties that provide content, advertising, or other functionality on the Services, may use cookies, pixel tags, and other technologies (“Technologies”) to automatically collect information through the Services. Technologies are essentially small data files placed on your devices that allow us and our partners to record certain pieces of information whenever you visit or interact with our Services.
Cookies
. Cookies are small text files placed in device browsers to store your preferences and facilitate and otherwise enhance your experience. Most browsers allow you to block and delete cookies. However, if you do that, the Services may not work properly.
Pixel Tags/Web Beacons
. A pixel tag (also known as a web beacon) is a piece of code embedded in the Services that collects information about engagement on the Services. The use of a pixel tag allows us to record, for example, that a user has visited a particular web page or clicked on a particular advertisement. We may also include web beacons in e-mails to understand whether messages have been opened, acted on, or forwarded.
Our uses of these Technologies fall into the following general categories:
Operationally Necessary.
This includes Technologies that allow you access to our Services, applications, and tools that are required to identify irregular website behavior, prevent fraudulent activity and improve security or that allow you to make use of our functionality;
Performance-Related.
We may use Technologies to assess the performance of our Services, including as part of our analytic practices to help us understand how you use our Services (see Analytics below);
Functionality-Related.
We may use Technologies that allow us to offer you enhanced functionality when accessing or using our Services. This may include identifying you when you sign into our Services or keeping track of your specified preferences, interests, or past items viewed;
Advertising- or Targeting-Related.
We may use first party or third-party Technologies to deliver content, including ads relevant to your interests, on our Services or on third-party websites.
See “
Your Choices
“
below to understand your choices regarding these Technologies.
Analytics
. We may use the following service providers to collect and process analytics information on our Services:
Google Analytics
For more information about how Google uses your personal information (including for its own purposes, e.g., for profiling or linking it to other data), please visit
Google Analytics’ Privacy Policy
. To learn more about how to opt-out of Google Analytics’ use of your information, please click
here
.
Quantcount by Quantcast
collects information about the number of visitors to our Services and extrapolates market research from that data.  For more information about Quantcast, please visit
www.quantcast.com/docs/privacy
.
Scorecard Research Beacon
by Full Circle Studies (Comscore
)
collects
information
regarding digital consumption behavior data. For more information, see Scorecard Research’s
Privacy Policy
. To exercise your rights around this data, visit
this page
.
Parse.ly
collects information about user activity on our sites. For more information about Parse.ly, please visit their
Privacy Policy
.
LiveIntent
collects user behavior information and combines it with other information it collects from elsewhere on the internet. To learn more, LiveIntent’s
Privacy Policy
. To opt out, please visit
this page
.
Crazy Egg
generates user heatmap data. To learn more, visit their
Privacy Policy
. To opt out, visit
this page
.
Optimizely
collects user activity data to refine our website. To learn more, visit their
Privacy Policy
. To exercise your rights around your data, you can fill out
this webform
.
We may use
LiveRamp Authenticated Traffic Solution
(ATS) to help us recognize the activities of users on our site. For more information about LiveRamp, please visit their
privacy policy
. To opt-out of the sharing of your personal information with LiveRamp, please click
here
.
Please see the “
Additional provisions of this privacy policy that are applicable to EEA and UK residents
” and the “
Additional provisions of this privacy policy that are applicable to China and Brazil residents
” sections of this Privacy Policy below.
Social Media Platforms.
Our Services may contain social media buttons, such as Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Instagram, and LinkedIn, which might include widgets such as the “share this” button or other interactive mini programs. These features may collect personal information such as your IP address and which page you are visiting on the Services, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Your interactions with these platforms are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Information Collected from Other Sources
Third-Party Services and Sources.
We may obtain information about you from other sources, including through third-party services and organizations to supplement information provided by you. For example, if you access our Services through a third-party application, such as an app store, a third-party login service, or a social networking site, we may collect information about you from that third-party application that you have made public via your privacy settings. Information we collect through these services may include your name, your user identification number, your username, location, gender, birth date, email, profile picture, and your contacts stored in that service. We also may partner with third parties to enrich the data we collect from you with information they have collected independently.
We use information collected from third parties to supplement the information we collect about you in order to provide more relevant, safer experiences for you with the Services, and otherwise to improve our Services, analytics, and advertising.
Referrals and Sharing Features.
Our Services may offer various tools and functionalities that allow you to provide personal information about your friends through our referral service. Our referral services may also allow you to forward or share certain content with a friend or colleague, such as an email inviting your friend to use our Services. Please only share with us contact information of people with whom you have a relationship (e.g., relative, friend, neighbor, or co-worker).
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use your personal information, including your Registration Data, Visitor Data, information collected automatically, and information from other sources, for a variety of business purposes, including to:
Provide the Services or Requested Information, such as:
Fulfilling our contract with you;
Managing your information and accounts;
Responding to questions, comments, and other requests;
Providing access to certain areas, functionalities, and features of our Services;
Communicating with you about your account, activities on our Services and Privacy Policy changes;
Processing your financial information and other payment methods for products or Services purchased;
Processing applications if you apply for a job we post on our Services; and
Allowing you to register for sweepstakes, contests, and other events.
Analyze and improve our Services pursuant to our legitimate interests, such as:
Marketing, market research, and business development, including segmenting our users into specific categories;
Supporting internal administrative purposes such as providing network and information security and fraud prevention and ensuring internal quality control and safety;
Measuring interest and engagement in our Services;
Developing new products and services;
Authenticating and verifying individual identities;
Recording who is accessing and making changes to different parts of our Services and carrying out audits;
Preventing and prosecuting potentially prohibited or illegal activities;
Enforcing our agreements; and
Complying with our legal obligations.
Marketing Our Products and Services
. We use your personal information to tailor and provide you with content and advertisements, including to determine your interests and select content and advertisements to provide to you based on your interests.
Some of the ways we market to you include email campaigns, custom audiences advertising, and “interest-based” or “personalized advertising,” including through cross-device tracking and retargeting. Note that as an ad-supported website, we may receive revenue from third parties in connection with our serving of targeted ads on our Services.
You have control over the use of your data for advertising purposes.
If you have any questions about our marketing practices or if you would like to opt out of the use of your personal information for marketing purposes, you may change your cookie settings as set forth in “
Your Choices
” below, or contact us at any time as set forth in “
Contact Us
” below.
Cross-Device Tracking.
Your browsing activity may be tracked across different websites and different devices or apps. For example, we may attempt to match your browsing activity on your mobile device with your browsing activity on your laptop. To do this our technology partners may share data, such as your browsing patterns, general location and/or device identifiers, and will match the information of the browser and devices that appear to be used by the same person.
Consent
. We may use personal information for other purposes that are clearly disclosed to you at the time you provide personal information or with your consent.
De-identified and Aggregated Information Use
. We may use personal information and other data about you to create de-identified and/or aggregated information, such as de-identified demographic information, de-identified location information, information about the device from which you access our Services, or other analyses we create. We may use and disclose de-identified or aggregated information in a number of ways, including research, analytics, and any other legally permissible purposes.
DISCLOSING YOUR INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES
Service Providers
. We may share any personal information we collect about you with our third-party service providers. The categories of service providers to whom we entrust personal information include service providers for: (i) the provision of the Services; (ii) the provision of information, products, and other services you have requested; (iii) marketing and advertising; (iv) payment and transaction processing; (v) customer service activities; and (vi) the provision IT and related services.
Business Partners
. We may provide personal information to business partners with whom we jointly offer products or services. In such cases, our business partner’s name will appear along with ours.
Networked Websites and Affiliates
. We may share personal information with and among the various sites we own, such as Fanatical and Muthead, and our “News and Ratings” sites (metacritic.com, gamespot.com, tvguide.com, giantbomb.com, gamefaqs.gamespot.com and comicvine.gamespot.com), as well as with our affiliated entities, including but not limited to Focus Multimedia Ltd. (doing business as Fanatical).
Third-Party Services
. The Services may link to third-party websites or services. The privacy practices of those third parties are not governed by this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of these third-party websites and services to understand their practices.
If you connect to a third-party service (such as Facebook, Twitter, or another third-party application) through the Services or otherwise link your account with a third-party service, you are requesting and authorizing us to share or grant access to information on your behalf (such as your username, the fact that your connection originated from the Services, and other relevant usage and diagnostic information) with such third party. For example, we may make information available to app developers, game developers, and game publishers to facilitate purchases and awards of digital goods, such as games and in-game items.
Advertising Partners
. Through our Services, we may allow third-party advertising partners to set Technologies and other tracking tools to collect information regarding your activities and your device (e.g., your IP address, cookie identifiers, page(s) visited, location, time of day). These advertising partners may use this information (and similar information collected from other websites) for purposes of delivering targeted advertisements to you when you visit third party services within their networks. We may receive revenue in connection with this activity. This practice is commonly referred to as “interest-based advertising” or “personalized advertising.” For example, we may use Technologies from Supply Side Platforms (also known as SSPs) such as Google’s ADX, which uses cookies to collect information about your browsing history to target advertising. We may also use Technologies from Audigent, Permutive, Google, Reddit or Liveramp to collect information for segmenting purposes based on its analysis of your interactions with the Services. We may also allow these third parties to place Technologies on our sites so they may better understand your behavior, and we may receive additional revenue in connection with that sharing.
For more information about your choices with respect to our use of these Technologies, please see the “
Additional provisions of this privacy policy that are applicable to EEA and UK residents
” and the “
Additional provisions of this privacy policy that are applicable to China and Brazil residents
” sections of this Privacy Policy below. Likewise, U.S. residents can opt out of this sharing by following the steps outlined in “
Additional provisions of this privacy policy that are applicable to U.S. residents
” below, or by visiting
this link
.
APIs and Software Development Kits.
We may use third-party APIs and software development kits (“SDKs”) as part of the functionality of our Services. APIs and SDKs may allow third parties including advertising partners to collect your personal information in order to provide content that is more relevant to you. For more information about our use of APIs and SDKs, please
contact us
as set forth below.
Disclosures to Protect Us or Others.
We may access, preserve, and disclose any information we store in association with you to external parties if we, in good faith, believe doing so is required or appropriate to: (i) comply with law enforcement or national security requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; (ii) protect your, our, or others’ rights, property, or safety; (iii) enforce our policies or contracts; (iv) collect amounts owed to us; or (v) assist with an investigation and prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity.
Disclosure in the Event of Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfer.
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, purchase or sale of assets, or transition of service to another provider, then your information may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction, as permitted by law and/or contract.
YOUR CHOICES
General
You may have the right to object to or opt-out of certain uses of your personal information as described in more detail below.
Email Communications
If you receive an unwanted email from us, you can use the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of the email to opt out of receiving future emails. Note that you will continue to receive transaction-related emails regarding products or services you have requested. We may also send you certain non-promotional communications regarding us and our Services, and you will not be able to opt out of those communications (e.g., communications regarding the Services or updates to our Terms or this Privacy Policy).
Mobile Devices
We may send you push notifications through our mobile application. You may at any time opt-out from receiving these types of communications by changing the settings on your mobile device. You may opt-out of this collection by changing the settings on your mobile device.
“Do Not Track” / “Global Privacy Control”
Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. Additionally, some browsers or plug-ins use a “Global Privacy Control” (“GPC”), which you can learn more about at
https://globalprivacycontrol.org/
. Please note that we do not respond to or honor DNT signals transmitted by web browsers. However, if our site detects a GPC signal from your device, we will interpret it as a Do Not Sell or Share request under U.S. law and we will also interpret it as a request to limit the sale or sharing of personal information for targeted advertising for residents of the European Economic Area, the UK, China, and Brazil.
Cookies and Interest-Based Advertising
You may stop or restrict the placement of our or third-party Technologies on your device or remove them by amending your cookie preferences on our websites or adjusting your preferences as your browser or device permits. Please note that cookie-based opt-outs are not effective on mobile applications. However, you may opt-out of personalized advertisements on some mobile applications by following the instructions for
Android
and
iOS
.
The online advertising industry also provides websites from which you may opt out of receiving targeted ads from data partners and other advertising partners that participate in self-regulatory programs. You can access these websites and learn more about targeted advertising and consumer choice and privacy, at
www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
,
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
,
https://youradchoices.ca/choices/
, and
www.aboutads.info/choices/
.
Please note you must separately opt out in each browser and on each device.
If you are resident in the EEA, the UK, China or Brazil, please see the “
Additional provisions of this privacy policy that are applicable to EEA and UK residents
” and the “
Additional provisions of this privacy policy that are applicable to China and Brazil residents
” sections of this Privacy Policy below for further details of how to restrict the placement of Technologies that are not Operationally Necessary.
DATA RETENTION
Subject to the user rights described below, we store the personal information we receive as described in this Privacy Policy for as long as you use our Services or as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected, provide our Services, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with applicable laws. This information is held by us in the United States, except where otherwise required by law.
We may also transfer the personal information that we collect about you to third party processors or to members of our group of companies in connection with the above purposes. We will take appropriate measures to ensure that the recipient protects your personal information adequately.
SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
We take steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Unfortunately, no system is 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we do not accept liability for unauthorized disclosure.
By using the Services or providing personal information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of the Services. If we learn of a security system’s breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on the Services, by mail, or by sending an email to you.
CHILDRENS’ INFORMATION
Children under 16 (applicable to users located in California and the EEA excluding the UK) or 13 (applicable to users located in the rest of the world) may not register for the Services, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children.  For our wikis that may appeal to younger audiences, we take steps to limit the ability of underage users to disclose personal information, including but not limited to requiring a registered account by an individual of legal age for making wiki contributions. Note that although exposing a person’s private information is a violation of our
Community Guidelines
, users are able to freely share posts and media with other users on our Services, and these posts may contain personal information. We encourage all users to exercise caution before using our Services to reveal any information that could identify them in the real world.
If you learn that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, you may
contact us
as set forth below. If we learn that we have collected a child’s personal information in violation of applicable law, we will promptly take steps to delete such information.
ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY THAT ARE APPLICABLE TO EEA AND UK RESIDENTS
What is our justification for handling your personal data?
Under EEA and UK data protection laws, we have to ensure that we process your personal information fairly and lawfully. This means that we must have a “legal basis” for each of our processing activities where they relate to the personal data of an individual within the EEA or the UK. These bases include:
Consent
– we may decide to obtain your specific, freely given consent to one or more processing activities;
Legal obligation
– we may need to process your data where it is necessary to comply with applicable laws that we are subject to;
Performance of a contract
– we may process your data if we are entering into a contract with you, or taking preparatory steps to do so;
Legitimate interests
– we may process your personal data where we believe that we have a legitimate interest in doing so, and we have analyzed this and determined that our interests are not overridden by the impact on your rights and freedoms under data protection law.
We rely on these legal bases in different ways, and in relation to different types of processing of your personal data.
Consent
With respect to fandom.com, wikia.org, muthead.com, fanatical.com, and their respective subdomains, we process your personal information collected through the use of the following Technologies (as described above) on the basis of your consent, which we ask for when you first visit one of those sites:
Advertising or Targeting-Related Technologies;
Performance-Related Technologies; and
Functionality-Related Technologies.
The list of partners for which we request consent is located at our
Vendor List
.
You are entitled to withdraw your consent to our use of these Technologies. In order to change your consent settings for the applicable above-referenced domain that you are currently on, please click the following link:
Withdraw your consent to our use of Technologies
Legitimate Interests
Our use of your other personal information described herein is necessary for our legitimate interests, which are as follows:
To run, grow and develop our business;
To operate the Services;
For direct marketing, market research and business development; and
For internal administrative purposes.
If we rely on our, or another person’s, legitimate interests for using your personal information, then as required by law we will undertake a balancing test to ensure that our (or the other person’s) legitimate interests are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms which require protection. You can ask us for information on this balancing test by using the contact details provided below.
We process your personal information collected through the use of Operationally Necessary Technologies (as described above) on the basis of our legitimate interests. We also rely on legitimate interests to use your personal information in order to provide you with access to the Services, and to make sure that they work properly, and to keep a record of who is accessing and making changes to the different parts of our Services.
YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
Residents in the EEA and the UK have the rights to:
Access
personal information about you consistent with legal requirements. Please utilize the form found here when making this request:
Download Your Data
.
Request Correction
of your personal information where it is inaccurate or incomplete.
Request Deletion
of your personal information, subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law. Please utilize the form found here when making this request:
Right of Deletion
.
Opt out
of any marketing communications that we (or any third party to whom we have disclosed your personal information with your consent) may send you.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please use the indicated forms or links, where applicable, or otherwise email us at
support@fandom.com
.
We will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws. To protect your privacy, we may take steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request.
Please note for security and fraud investigation and prevention purposes, we will retain the full IP address for users located in the EEA or the UK for up to 12 months.
In addition, we keep a copy of requests submitted to us to comply with our own legal obligation to maintain data processing records. Please also note that certain information, such as your IP address (if you edit while not logged in) and any public contributions to Fandom community sites are archived and displayed indefinitely by design; the transparency of each contribution and revision history is critical for efficacy and trustworthiness. In addition, our de-identification processes cannot ensure complete or comprehensive de-identification of all of the content or information posted on our Services related to your prior username. If your request is granted, the name change will only occur in automatically generated logs (such as page histories) in association with content that you posted. The name change will not delete mentions of your prior username by third parties.
In providing the Services, your personal information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, and by using the Services you acknowledge the storage and processing of your personal information in countries outside your country of residence, including the United States, which may have different data protection rules than your country.
Where we transfer your personal information to another entity located outside the EEA or the UK, we will take steps to ensure that such transfers comply with applicable privacy laws, including EU Regulation 2016/679 (the “
GDPR
“), the GDPR as retained in law in the UK (the “
UK GDPR
“) and the UK Data Protection at 2018 (“
DPA
“), such as:
by ensuring that the country to which your personal information will be transferred has been deemed “adequate” by the UK Government or the European Commission (as applicable) or by putting in place appropriate safeguards recognised by the GDPR, UK GDPR or DPA as applicable;
relying on the
EU Standard Contractual Clauses
in our contracts with third parties; and
taking all reasonable precautions to ensure that your personal information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
In the EEA or the UK you may make a complaint to a supervisory authority for data protection matters (for example, the Polish President of the PDPO in Poland or the Information Commissioner’s Office in the UK) or seek a remedy through local courts if you believe your rights have been breached. See “Additional Provisions” below for more information on how to contact your supervisory authority.
ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY THAT ARE APPLICABLE TO U.S. RESIDENTS
The laws of several U.S. States give their residents the right to opt-out of certain selling and/or sharing of personal information related to them. Fandom has elected to make this opt-out right available to all U.S. residents.
U.S. residents have the right to:
Know
about your personal information we have collected, disclosed, or sold in the last 12 months, upon verification of your identity.  In addition, you may have the right in some cases to receive or have your electronic personal information transferred to another party. Please utilize the form found here when making this request:
Download Your Data
.
Request Deletion
of your personal information. This right may be limited to the extent that we are permitted or required by applicable law to retain certain information. Please utilize the form found here when making this request:
Right of Deletion
. (Note that if you request deletion of your Personal Information, you may no longer be able to use or access all features of the Services as a Registered User. If you decide to use or access the Services again, we may consider this a new account, and may collect Personal Information associated with that account in accordance with this Privacy Policy.)
Opt out of the “sale” and certain sharing practices of your personal information
to third parties. Under the laws of several U.S. States, some information we share may be considered a “sale” In some states, like California, this information sharing may qualify as a “share” or a “sale” (even if there is no exchange of money), while in other states, like Virginia, this information sharing may qualify as “targeted advertising” (collectively, “personalized advertising”).
We may “sell” personal information. The categories of personal information we have “sold” and the categories of third parties we have “sold” personal information to in the preceding twelve months are listed in the table below. To opt-out of personalized advertising, please
click here
, or
contact us
as set forth below.
Request Correction
of incorrect personal information that we may have on file about you.
Obtain additional details regarding our information practices
by contacting us as set forth below. (Note that this information is generally available in this Privacy Policy).
Not be discriminated against
by us for exercising your privacy rights.
If you are a resident of Nevada
, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of certain personal information to third parties who intend to license or sell that personal information. You can exercise this right by contacting us at
support@fandom.com
with the subject line “Nevada Do Not Sell Request” and providing us with your name and the email address associated with your account. Please note that we do not currently sell your personal information as sales are defined in Nevada Revised Statutes Chapter 603A. If you have any questions, please
contact us
as set forth below.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please use the indicated forms or links, where applicable, or otherwise email us at
support@fandom.com
. We will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws. To protect your privacy, we may take steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request.
In the table below, we identify each category of personal information we collected from U.S. consumers, and the categories of third parties to whom each category of information was disclosed for a business purpose or sold, within the last 12 months. The categories of sources from which we collect personal information are set forth above in the section “
Personal information we collect
“. We collected or sold the personal information for the business and commercial purposes set forth above in the section “
How we use your information
“.
Category of Personal Information Collected by Fandom
Category of Third Parties Personal Information is Disclosed to for a Business Purpose
Category of Third Parties to Whom Personal Information is Sold And/or Shared
Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, or other similar identifiers.
Service providers
Other users or third parties you share or interact with
Advertising partners
Data analytics providers
Social networks
Service providers
Data analytics providers
Social networks
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80€)
A name, address, telephone number, employment, employment history, financial information Note: Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
Service providers
Advertising partners
Data analytics providers
Service providers
Data analytics providers
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law
Age, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions).
Service providers
Advertising partners
Data analytics providers
Service providers
Advertising partners
Data analytics providers
Commercial information
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Service providers
Business partners
Affiliates
Advertising partners
Data analytics providers
Service providers
Advertising partners
Data analytics providers
Internet or other electronic network activity
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement.
Service providers
Advertising partners
Data analytics providers
Service providers
Advertising partners
Data analytics providers
Sensory data
Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information.
Other users or third parties you share or interact with
Service providers
Advertising partners
Data analytics providers
Advertising partners
Data analytics providers
Social networks
Inferences drawn from other personal information to create a profile about a consumer
Profile reflecting a consumer’s preferences, characteristics, behavior, and attitudes.
Service providers
Business partners
Other users or third parties you share or interact with
Advertising partners
Data analytics providers
Social networks
Advertising partners
Data analytics providers
Social networks
Minors:
We do not have actual knowledge of selling the personal information of minors under 16 years of age. Please
contact us
using the information provided below if you are aware of any personal information provided to us by a California resident under the age of 16.
Verification and Appeal Process
: We are required by law to take reasonable steps to verify your identity prior to responding to your request. Please note that your exercise of your rights is subject to certain exemptions to safeguard the public interest (e.g., the prevention or detection of crime) and our interests (e.g., the maintenance of legal privilege). If we are unable to process your request via you authenticating yourself on the Services, we may verify your request by asking for information sufficient to confirm your identity, based on the information we have on file. Requests to exercise these rights may be granted in whole, in part, or not at all, depending on the scope and nature of the request and as permitted by applicable law. Where required by applicable law, we will notify you if we reject your request, and notify you of the reasons we are unable to honor your request.
If you are a resident of Colorado, Virginia, or Connecticut, you have the right to appeal a request we deny when we have verified your identity and still decline to honor your request. The process for that appeal will be sent to you separately if your request is denied.
Authorized Agent
: Depending on where you live, you may have the right to use an authorized agent on your behalf to exercise a privacy right discussed above. If you are an authorized agent acting on behalf of a user to communicate with us or to exercise a privacy right discussed above, you must be able to demonstrate that you have the requisite authorization to act on behalf of the user, and have sufficient access to that user’s laptop, desktop, or mobile device to exercise that user’s right digitally. If you are an authorized agent trying to exercise rights on behalf of one of our users, then you can make a request on the user’s behalf by
contacting us
as set forth below: Such requests must include the following information: (1) a written authorization from the consumer that includes the consumer’s full name, address, telephone number and valid email address used by the consumer to interact with us, that is signed by the consumer and clearly bestows upon the agent the proper authority; and (2) a certificate of good standing with your state of organization.
Alternatively, an acting agent can provide a valid power of attorney signed by the consumer on the agent’s behalf and a valid email address used by the consumer to interact with us.
The email address of the consumer will be used to separately verify the agent’s authority with the consumer.
Refer-a-Friend, Promotions, and Similar Incentive Programs
: We may offer referral programs, promotions such as sweepstakes, or other incentivized information collection programs. We may offer incentives to you such as discounts or promotional items or credit in connection with these programs, wherein you provide Personal Information regarding your friends or colleagues (such as their email address) and receive rewards when they sign up to use our Services. (The referred party may also receive rewards for signing up via your referral.) Alternatively, we may ask you to provide your Personal Information in exchange for a reward or participation in a promotion. These programs are entirely voluntary and allow us to grow our business and provide additional benefits to you. The value of your information to us depends on how you ultimately use our Services, whereas the value of the referred party’s information to us depends on whether the referred party ultimately uses our Services. Said value will be reflected in the incentive offered in connection with each program. You may withdraw from the incentives at any time. In order to withdraw from the financial incentive, please
contact us
as described below.
Shine the Light Disclosure
: California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice that identifies the categories of Personal Information that we share with our affiliates and/or third parties for marketing purposes, and provides contact information for such affiliates and/or third parties. If you are a California resident and would like this information, please submit a written request to us using the contact information below.
De-Identified Information
. If we create or receive de-identified information, we will not attempt to reidentify such information, except to comply with applicable law.
ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY THAT ARE APPLICABLE TO RESIDENTS OF BRAZIL AND CHINA
In order to comply with the data protection laws of Brazil and China respectively, we have implemented the same requirements for collecting personal data through Advertising or Targeting Related Technologies, Performance-Related Technologies, and Functionality-Related Technologies on the Services, for the residents of those countries as the requirements set forth above for the collection of personal data through the use of such Technologies from the residents of the EEA and the UK.
ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS
Supervisory Authority
. If your personal information is subject to the applicable data protection laws of Australia, Brazil, the European Economic Area, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority or attorney general if you believe our processing of your personal information violates applicable law. Contact information for some applicable authorities include:
Office of the Australian Information Commissioner
Autoridade Nacionalde Proteçãode Dados (ANPD)
EEA Data Protection Authorities (DPAs)
Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC)
UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO)
Spanish Data Protection Agency (AEPD)
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about our privacy practices or this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Desmond Cussen, Data Protection Officer
c/o Fandom, Inc.
550 California Street, Suite 830
San Francisco, CA 94104
Email
:
DPO@fandom.com
Phone
: (415) 980-5647
If you have any complaints about our Services, please contact us at:
Address
: 550 California Street, Suite 830 San Francisco, CA 94104
Email
:
support@fandom.com
Phone
: (415) 762-0780
Last updated: July 1, 2023
Previous Privacy Policy
July 1, 2023
February 11, 2023
August 11, 2022