We, from
COGNI APP SERVICOS DE TECNOLOGIA LTDA.
(“Cogni”), we recognize that your privacy is very important, therefore, we take all possible measures to protect it, taking responsibility for treating your personal data in a complete and confidential manner.
This Privacy Policy ("Policy"), available at
https://www.cogniapp.com/en-US/privacy
, aims to establish and share with all users ("Users"), in a transparent manner, how information and data are collected, used, stored, processed and protected in the context of use the Cogni mobile app ("Application"), Clinical Dashboard ("Platform") and the website
https://www.cogniapp.com
("Website").
COLLECTED DATA
The data collection channels used by Cogni are as follows:
Software developed by COGNI:
Including, but not limited to, mobile applications, web (platform) and website applications.
Communication and Support Channels:
Including, but not limited to, direct service by the support team, marketing campaigns, sales and product development), via emails, telephone, audio, video, chats, comments via app stores , social media or other media.
Technology developed by third parties:
technology developed by third parties but used by Cogni for analysis, understanding and improvement of products and services, including, but not limited to, tools such as Google Analytics, Facebook analytics, Firebase and various technology libraries used in programming of the company's applications. Cogni may use other technologies to collect navigation data from our Users, which include, but are not limited to, cookies, web beacons and resources available in different programming languages, always respecting the terms of this Privacy Policy and the options of our User regarding the treatment of the data.
The data collected by Cogni is classified as follows:
Behavioral and Navigation Data:
Including, but not limited to, browsing and searching for offers and services on websites, geolocation, pages and applications maintained by Cogni.
Registration Data:
Which vary depending on the registration performed, but may include:
Full name;
Date of birth;
Email address;
Telephone;
CPF;
Bank data;
Social networks;
Genre (for treatment in texts)
Biological sex (for psychometric tests)
Information provided by the user to contact people they trust in the event of a psychological emergency;
Professional records, provided by professionals registered on the platform.
Content Data:
Which varies depending on the User's usage, but may include:
Emotional and thought records performed by the user;
Answers to tests or surveys formulated through the platform;
Responses to psychometric scales;
Any data voluntarily entered by the user into the system.
System Logs:
Including:
User IP address;
Access and actions performed by the User on the Platform;
Pages and screens accessed by the User on the Platform;
Dates and times of each User's action on the Platform, in addition to the access he makes to the pages and screens of the tools and functionalities he uses;
Information about the device used by the User, such as: operating system version, device location, browser, among other applications and installed software;
Session and User ID, when available.
COGNI is not responsible for the veracity, absence or lack of update regarding the information provided by the user.
PURPOSE
The use of collected data will be based on the following purposes:
Offering services, providing support, sending reminders and communications relevant to the experience of using the product;
Carrying out charges and reversals;
Offering personalized discounts and launches;
Security, authentication and authorization of users;
Discovery of personal characteristics and preferences, to customize the experience of using the products;
Development of recommendation, predictive and pattern identification systems to optimize the experience of using the products;
Discovery of preferences, predictions about the behavior of users to improve the product and/or our offers;
Segmentation of users to better suit the product and/or customizations;
Provision of diagnostic aids.
Self-monitoring;
Personal analytics;
Training and guidance to users on the use of the Platform and related topics to the service, such as mental health;
Promote scientific advances in the field of psychology;
Generate public data for scientific dissemination or data of public interest, always anonymously, except in cases where there is express and prior authorization by the user;
Discovery of knowledge, information and insights that can help improve the company's product, service to users or business model;
Providing information relevant to the performance of functions and monitoring to people or entities to which the user has given permission, such as monitoring the user's activities by psychologists, psychiatrists, coaches, HR, etc;
Intermediation services, such as the connection between the user and psychologists, when the user requests or authorizes;
Providing information to companies' Human Resources departments (or related departments), generally anonymously, and always taking care that sensitive data is not disclosed without the user's permission;
Users' financial information will be used to process payments, charges and transfers for explicitly contracted services.
The use of data may eventually cover other purposes in addition to those set out above, as long as it is expressly authorized by the Users.
The sharing of data with third party partners will be strictly for the following purposes:
Maintenance and improvement of our services;
Offer a more adequate and optimized experience to Users;
Parameterization and creation of useful metrics for the development of Cogni's business model;
Enriching the database and preventing the occurrence of fraud and associated risks;
Creating marketing and sales campaigns, possibly using third-party technologies, such as, but not limited to, Facebook Business and Google Adwords.
DATA ENRICHMENT
The User is aware that Cogni can enrich its database, including adding information from other legitimate sources, such as data from other companies that relate to Cogni,
expressing hereby express consent by agreeing to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
The data and information arising from the enrichment process referred to in the item, when anonymously, belong to Cogni.
SHARING OR DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL DATAS
Cogni may disclose your personal data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
Service providers:
We can work together with other companies in various activities to facilitate our services. These third parties, however, have restricted access to data and only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Law enforcement and personal data protection authorities:
We share your personal data when, in good faith, we believe it is necessary to do so to comply with a legal obligation under applicable law, or respond to a valid legal procedure, such as a search warrant, court order, or subpoena. We also share your personal data when, in good faith, we believe it is necessary for the purposes of our own legitimate interest or the legitimate interest of third parties in relation to national security, law enforcement, litigation, criminal investigation, protection of the security of any person, provided that we consider that such interest is not nullified by their interests or fundamental rights and freedoms that require the protection of their personal data.
Payment processors:
We share your personal data with our payment processors as needed to enable them to process your payments and to combat fraud
Institutions and companies for research purposes:
We reserve the right to share or market information to other entities for research or academic studies. However, any sharing will occur anonymously and/or aggregated, and provided that their initiatives do not prevail over fundamental interests or rights.
Business Intelligence (BI) Services:
We reserve the right to market information to other entities as part of our Business Intelligence (BI) services, which aim to help other organizations make more assertive, data-driven decisions. It is worth noting that any sharing will take place anonymously and/or aggregated, and provided that their initiatives do not prevail over fundamental interests or rights.
Health Program Partners/Clients:
We may develop, within the scope of our services, programs in conjunction with partners or clients that contract our corporate function, seeking benefits for the health of users. Membership in these programs is usually optional. In these cases, it is possible that your data will be transferred. Furthermore, it is possible that certain information about physicians linked to the programs may be shared, such as their CRM, number of patients served, and their engagement through the initiative, for example.
Buyers from our business:
We reserve the right to disclose and/or transfer information to another entity if we are acquired by or merged with another company, if we sell or transfer a business unit or assets to another company as part of a bankruptcy proceedings or as part of any other similar business transfer.
THUS, THROUGH THIS POLICY YOU ARE AWARE THAT COGNI MAY SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA FOR THE PURPOSES LISTED ABOVE.
RECEIVING MARKETING EMAILS
You can always choose not to receive marketing emails from Cogni.
In every marketing email we send there is always an unsubscribe link available on the last lines. By clicking on this link you will be automatically removed from the mailing list, as well as receiving an email confirming the cancellation.
It is important to mention that when filling out any form again it will feature the reinsertion of your e-mail to the list. Therefore, the cancellation request must be made again if it is in your interest.
DELETION OF PERSONAL DATA
When you register on our Website, Platform or Application, your account information will be kept as long as you keep it active or suspended.
We keep the personal data of the holders only for the period strictly necessary to pursue the purpose for which they were collected, the situations mentioned below being an example of purposes.
Data relating to the electronic contracting of services and issuance of invoices linked to the registration data of an individual or legal entity cannot be deleted, given the need to maintain records for tax purposes.
We reserve the right to keep the registration history of Users' data, as well as system logs, for purposes of auditing and preservation of rights, for a longer period in the cases established by law or regulatory rule.
Non-personal and/or anonymized data may be maintained by Cogni to maintain historical logs, historical analysis and miscellaneous algorithms, including but not limited to artificial intelligence algorithms.
Cogni reserves the right to delete any data that eventually proves irrelevant to the User or is no longer relevant to the provision of the services that it may now offer.
Written data resulting from the provision of psychological services will not be deleted for a minimum period of 5 (five) years, including the patient's medical record in this custody, as a result of CFP resolutions No. 001/2009 and CFP No. 006/2019.
The exclusion of data does not extend to those voluntarily transferred by the User to therapists or to people he/she trusts, as they belong to the third party to whom they were voluntarily transferred, and this third party is responsible for the proper and responsible use of the data that was transferred to him. trusted.
Third parties who obtain any data through the voluntary transfer referred to above are aware that, as of the transfer of such records, they are responsible for their proper and responsible use.
INFORMATION SECURITY
Cogni will make all reasonable market efforts to ensure the security of your data.
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Thus, in addition to the protections that Cogni applies, it is also important that you behave safely, identifying and avoiding situations that could threaten the security of your data and of our products and services. If you identify or become aware of anything that compromises the security of your data, it is essential that you contact us.
COOKIES
When you visit and/or interact with us, our web server automatically records details about your interactions (eg your IP address, the location from which you visit us, the type of browser software used, the pages of the website. Cogni who you actually visit, including the date and duration of your visit).
The use of cookies is based on Cogni's legitimate interest. Thus, if you wish to refuse the installation of these cookies on your device and/or opt for the removal of cookies, you can do so by configuring your browser.
STORAGE
The collected data will be stored in a secure and controlled environment.
The data obtained from our Users may be stored on our own servers, or a third party hired for this purpose, allocated in Brazil and/or in another country, and may also be stored by means of cloud computing technology and/or others that may come to emerge, always aiming at the improvement and improvement of Cogni's activities.
At Cogni's discretion, backups of all or some data may be kept, including in cache systems, to facilitate access, increase the performance of services and for security against possible involuntary destruction of the data.
PRIVACY PROTECTION OF UNDERAGED
Only individuals over 12 (twelve) years of age are authorized to use our services.
If you are a parent or legal guardian and you are aware that your children have provided us with personal information, please contact us. If we become aware that we collect personal data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove this information from our servers.
WHAT ARE YOUR OPTIONS AND RIGHTS?
We want to assure you of the applicability and compliance with all the rights of the personal data subject under applicable data protection laws. Therefore, it is important to us that you know that such rights include, but are not limited to:
Receive clear and complete information about the processing of your personal data, including on the chances of sharing personal data;
Request access to your personal data and/or confirmation of the existence of data processing;
Request that we rectify any inaccurate, incomplete and outdated personal data;
Oppose the processing activities, request the anonymization and deletion of personal data, in specific circumstances;
Revoke consent at any time when Cogni processes your personal data on the basis of consent;
Request review of automated decisions that may affect your interests.
UPDATES
We reserve the right to change this Policy as often as necessary to provide our users with greater security and convenience. It is recommended that you periodically review this Policy for any changes.
To facilitate this, we will always indicate at the end of the document the date of the last update, and if substantial changes are made, we will notify you of such changes before they take effect.
Therefore, be sure to read any warnings of this nature carefully.
By continuing to access or use our services after these revisions take effect, you agree to be bound by the revised terms.
HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US?
We will always be available to serve you. If you would like more information, or if you have any questions about this Policy, please contact us:
E-mail:
contact@cogniapp.com
Last update: October 15, 2021.