Overview
Nuclear Enterprises Pty Ltd (Nuclear Media) is committed to protecting the privacy of its clients & their customers. Nuclear Media will not distribute, sell, or rent names, email addresses, or any other personally identifiable information to any third party. Nuclear Media may share non- personal, non-individual information collectively with its marketing partners strictly for its own research purposes. For example, Nuclear Media will not provide specifics around who purchased a specific product, but rather how many customers purchased that product.
This privacy policy covers Nuclear Media’s Publishing Platform and its client tablet applications.
Definitions
“Application” means an application used by a Customer running on a Device, used to access a magazine.
“Content” means digital services & data which is delivered by the Nuclear Media.
“Customer” & “Consumer” means an end user of the Nuclear Media Platform using a Device. For example a member of the public who downloads & purchases a magazine application provided by Nuclear Media.
“Device” means a handheld or desktop software or hardware device (such as a phone or tablet computer) that accessed the Nuclear Media Platform.
“External Service” means a service provided by a party other than Nuclear Media, as part of or in conjunction with the Nuclear Media Platform.
“Service” means the service provided by Nuclear Media’s Platform.
© 2025 Nuclear Media
User Information
In order to perform its function, the Nuclear Media Platform collects user information. This user information can in no way be used to identify a user beyond identifying the Device they are using to access the Nuclear Media Platform.
Components of the Nuclear Media Platform collects some or all of the following information:
Username or unique user identifier – This is a username or other unique identifier of a user. This identifier by itself does not allow a user to be identified; it only provides the system with a means of differentiating between users for providing access to purchases, etc.
Unique device Identifier – These are unique identifiers for software & hardware devices accessing the Nuclear Media Platform. These may include iOS device UDIDs or IMEI numbers. These identifiers cannot be used to identify a Customer, only the Device they use.
Device token – For devices that support remote notifications (e.g. iPhone, iPad), a unique (per application & device) token is stored to facilitate sending remote notifications to that device.
IP addresses – The IP address of Devices used to access the Nuclear Media Platform.
Purchases – The details of any purchases made by a Device, including the product name, date, quantity, content version, etc.
Purchase receipts – Receipts for product purchases from payment gateways such as the Apple App Store. Such receipts are opaque to Nuclear Media and do not contain user information.
Dates – Various dates are recorded, including system access times, purchase dates, etc.
Analytics – Various user events are tracked by the System.
Auto-Renewable Subscriptions
For Customers purchasing auto-renewable subscriptions (both free & paid), when a user opts in to share their information, the Nuclear Media Platform (eg. via Apple) may also collect:
Name – The name of the user associated with the Apple ID making the purchase.
Email – The email address of the user associated with the Apple ID making the purchase.
Postal Code – The postcode or zip code the user associated with the Apple ID making the purchase.
© 2025 Nuclear Media
Cookies
Nuclear Media and/or third parties (via linked content) may use cookies to store transient session authentication tokens or to compile statistical data in order to analyse how visitors use the Nuclear Media Platform. The process may involve setting cookies on Devices in order to gather the necessary information to perform the statistical analysis. The information collected is designed to measure the performance of various marketing initiatives and overall system performance. This information can include the User Information listed above, as well as a user’s activity on the Nuclear Media Service.
Logging
Access to the System is logged in plain text log files and SQL databases. These are used to monitor server performance, analyse trends, administer the System, track user movement. Log files may include some or all of the User Information listed above.
Third Parties
Remote notifications may be sent via external systems such as Apple’s Push Notification Service (APNS). Information sent to remote notifications services may include a device token and application specific parameters such as a message. No personal or user identifying information is sent to these systems. The System may contain content from third-party content providers; however the content provider(s) will not receive Nuclear Media user or customer information from Nuclear Media.
Support
To provide support to Customers of the Nuclear Media Platform, Nuclear Media may (at the direction of Client) collect Customer information including name, email addresses, device information (such as device type, revision, operating system), etc. Nuclear Media may communicate with Customers via telephone, email or other online support systems. This information is stored in Nuclear Media’s private, internal document management system.
© 2025 Nuclear Media
Analytics
Applications track user behaviour in order to improve the user experience & provide reporting to Clients. The analytics collected do not include any identifying information (apart from a device identifier) or personal data.
For example the analytics might record that a user clicked on the Purchases screen, and then purchased a particular issue, Nuclear Media would use this to generate aggregate statistics reports that informed the Client how many people purchased a particular product. Some platforms prohibit the collection of user analytics data, where this applies, Applications do not collect this information.
Links
Content provided by the Nuclear Media Platform contains links to external web sites controlled by third parties. Such other sites are not under the control of Nuclear Media. Therefore, Nuclear Media makes no representations as to the accuracy or integrity of the content included on such other sites. When you access a non-Nuclear Media web site, you do so at your own risk and Nuclear Media is not responsible for the accuracy or reliability of any information, data, opinions, advice, or statements made on these sites. Nuclear Media provides these links merely as a convenience and service to Clients, and the inclusion of such links does not imply that Nuclear Media endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content or uses of such web sites. Nuclear Media encourages all of its visitors to read the individual privacy statements of such web sites. The Nuclear Media Platform Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by the Nuclear Media Platform. Additionally, while the System may be accessed from countries around the world and contains references to Nuclear Media and Client content, products, services, and programs, such references do not obligate Nuclear Media to provide such content, products, services, or programs in every country.
Opt-Out Policy
Customers may email
info@nuclear.com.au
if they no longer wish to receive information from Nuclear Media.
© 2025 Nuclear Media
Changes to this Privacy Statement
Nuclear Media reserves the right to modify this Privacy Statement, and may modify the Statement from time to time.
Additional Information
If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement or the practices of the Nuclear Media Platform, email
info@nuclear.com.au