PARiM Privacy Policy
The revised privacy policy will be effective starting on May 25, 2018
Introduction
Thank you for using PARiM!
Your privacy is important to PARiM Limited (“PARiM”, “we”, or “us”), and we want you to feel confident using our services. This privacy policy (“Policy”) is to help you understand and describe how we collect, use, and disclose information that we obtain about users of our websites, services, software and mobile applications ("Platform") owned and controlled by PARiM. We also own and operate a number of websites and offer related services, like support. We refer to all of these products, together with our other services and websites as "Services" in this policy.
This privacy policy aims to give you information on how PARiM collects and processes your personal data through your use of the Services, including any data you may provide through the Platform when you purchase a service or product, sign up to our newsletter or take part in a free trial, promotion, or survey.
This policy is intended to help you understand:
What information do we collect about you?
How we use the information we collect?
How we share the information we collect?
How we store and secure the information we collect?
How to access and control your information?
How we transfer information we collect internationally?
Other important privacy information.
Important information
WHERE WE PROVIDE THE SERVICES UNDER CONTRACT WITH AN ORGANISATION ("ORGANISATION") (FOR EXAMPLE YOUR EMPLOYER), THAT ORGANIZATION CONTROLS THE INFORMATION PROCESSED BY THE SERVICES AND PARIM HAS NO DIRECT RELATIONSHIP WITH THE INDIVIDUALS WHOSE PERSONAL DATA IT PROCESSES.
IF YOU ARE A MEMBER OF THE ORGANISATION, IT IS IMPORTANT THAT YOU READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY TOGETHER WITH ANY OTHER PRIVACY NOTICES OF THE ORGANISATION. WE ARE A DATA PROCESSOR WHO PROCESSES YOUR DATA ON THEIR BEHALF, AND THEY RETAIN CONTROL OVER HOW WE USE YOUR DATA.
IF YOU ARE A MEMBER OF THE ORGANISATION AND WOULD NO LONGER LIKE TO BE CONTACTED, PLEASE CONTACT THE ORGANISATION THAT YOU INTERACT WITH DIRECTLY.
What information we collect about you
We collect information about you when you provide it to us, when you use our Services, and when other sources provide it to us, as further described below.
Information you provide to us
We collect information about you when you input it into the Services or otherwise provide it directly to us.
Account and Profile Information:
We collect information about you when you register for an account, create or modify your profile, set preferences, sign-up for or make purchases through the Services. For example, you provide your contact information and, in some cases, billing information when you register for the Services. We keep track of your preferences when you select settings within the Services.
The content you provide through the Platform:
The Services include the PARiM web and mobile products you use, where we collect and store content that you post, send, receive and share. This content includes any information about you that you may choose to include. Content also includes the files and links you upload to the Services. Examples of content we collect and store include files you upload to the document section or user profile.
The content you provide through our websites:
The Services also include our websites owned or operated by us. We collect other content that you submit to these websites, which include social media or social networking websites operated by us. For example, you provide content to us when you provide feedback or when you participate in any interactive features, surveys, contests, promotions, sweepstakes, activities or events.
Information you provide through our support channels:
The Services also include customer support, where you may choose to submit information regarding a problem you are experiencing with a Services. Whether you designate yourself as a technical contact, open a support ticket, speak to one of our representatives directly or otherwise engage with our support team, you will be asked to provide contact information, a summary of the problem you are experiencing, and any other documentation, screenshots or information that would be helpful in resolving the issue.
Payment Information:
We collect certain payment and billing information when you register for certain paid Services. For example, we ask you to designate a billing representative, including name and contact information, upon registration. You might also provide payment information, such as payment card details, which we collect via secure payment processing services.
Information we collect automatically when you use the Services
We collect information about you when you use our Services, including browsing our websites and taking certain actions within the Services.
Your use of the Services:
We keep track of certain information about you when you visit and interact with any of our Services. This information includes the features you use; pages you visit and other links you click on; the type, size and filenames of attachments you upload to the Services; interactions you make in the Services; and how you interact with others on the Services. We also collect information about the teams and people you work with and how you interact with them, like who you collaborate with and communicate with most frequently.
Device and Connection Information:
We collect information about your computer, phone, tablet, or other devices you use to access the Services. This device information includes your connection type and settings when you install, access, update, or use our Services. We also collect information through your device about your operating system, browser type, IP address, URLs of referring/exit pages, device identifiers, and crash data. We use your IP address and/or country preference in order to approximate your location to provide you with a better Services experience. How much of this information we collect depends on the type and settings of the device you use to access the Services.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies:
PARiM and our third-party partners, such as our advertising and analytics partners, use cookies and other tracking technologies (e.g., web beacons, device identifiers and pixels) to provide functionality and to recognize you across different Services and devices. For more information, please see our
Cookies Policy
, which includes information on how to control or opt out of these cookies and tracking technologies.
Information we receive from other sources
We receive information about you from other Services users, from third party services, and from our business and channel partners.
Other users of the Services:
Other users of our Services may provide information about you when they submit content through the Services. For example, you may be mentioned by someone else on a shift, or a team member may upload content about you to your profile. We also receive your email address from other Service users when they provide it in order to invite you to the Services. Similarly, an administrator may provide your contact information when they designate you as another administrator for the Platform.
How we use information we collect
How we use the information we collect depends in part on which Services you use, how you use them, and any preferences you have communicated to us. Below are the specific purposes for which we use the information we collect about you.
To provide the Services and personalize your experience:
We use information about you to provide the Services to you, including to process transactions with you, authenticate you when you log in, provide customer support, and operate and maintain the Services. For example, we use the name and email you provide in your account to identify you to other Service users. Our Services also include tailored features that personalize your experience, enhance your productivity, and improve your ability to collaborate effectively with others by automatically analyzing the activities of your team to provide search results, activity feeds, notifications, connections and recommendations that are most relevant for you and your team. We may use your email domain to infer your affiliation with a particular organization or industry to personalize the content and experience you receive on our websites. Where you use PARiM, we may combine information about you and your activities to provide an integrated experience, such as to allow you to find information from one service while searching from another or to present relevant product information as you travel across our websites.
For research and development:
We are always looking for ways to make our Services smarter, faster, secure, integrated and useful to you. We use collective learnings about how people use our Services and feedback provided directly to us to troubleshoot and to identify trends, usage, activity patterns and areas for integration and improvement of the Services. We also test and analyze certain new features with some users before rolling the feature out to all users.
To communicate with you about the Services:
We use your contact information to send transactional communications via email and within the Services, including confirming your purchases, reminding you of subscription expirations, responding to your comments, questions and requests, providing customer support, and sending you technical notices, updates, security alerts, and administrative messages. Depending on your settings, we send you email notifications when you or others interact on the Services, for example, when you are assigned to the shift or your shift has changed. These communications are part of the Services and in most cases you cannot opt out of them. If an opt out is available, you will find that option within the communication itself or in your account settings.
To market, promote, and drive engagement with the Services:
We use your contact information and information about how you use the Services to send promotional communications that may be of specific interest to you. We also communicate with you about new product offers, promotions and contests. You can control whether you receive these communications as described below under "Opt-out of communications."
Customer support:
We use your information to resolve technical issues you encounter, to respond to your requests for assistance, to analyze crash information, and to repair and improve the Services. Where you give us permission to do so, we share your information with employees of PARiM for the purpose of responding to support-related requests.
For safety and security:
We use information about you and your Service use to verify accounts and activity, to monitor suspicious or fraudulent activity and to identify violations of Service policies.
To protect our legitimate business interests and legal rights:
Where required by law or where we believe it is necessary to protect our legal rights, interests and the interests of others, we use information about you in connection with legal claims, compliance, regulatory, and audit functions, and disclosures in connection with the acquisition, merger or sale of a business.
With your consent:
We use information about you where you have given us consent to do so for a specific purpose not listed above. For example, we may publish testimonials or featured customer stories to promote the Services, with your permission.
Legal bases for processing (for EEA users):
If you are an individual in the European Economic Area (EEA), we collect and process information about you only where we have legal bases for doing so under applicable EU laws. The legal bases depend on the Services you use and how you use them.
This means we collect and use your information only where:
We need it to provide you the Services, including to operate the Services, provide customer support and personalized features and to protect the safety and security of the Services;
It satisfies a legitimate interest (which is not overridden by your data protection interests), such as for research and development, to market and promote the Services and to protect our legal rights and interests;
You give us consent to do so for a specific purpose; or
We need to process your data to comply with a legal obligation.
If you have consented to our use of information about you for a specific purpose, you have the right to change your mind at any time, but this will not affect any processing that has already taken place. Where we are using your information because we or a third party (e.g. your employer) have a legitimate interest to do so, you have the right to object to that use though, in some cases, this may mean no longer using the Services.
How we share information we collect
We make collaboration tools, and we want them to work well for you. This means sharing information through the Services and with certain third parties. We share information we collect about you in the ways discussed below, including in connection with possible business transfers, but we are not in the business of selling information about you to advertisers or other third parties.
Sharing with other Service users
When you use the Services, we share certain information about you with other Service users.
For collaboration:
You can create content, which may contain information about you, and grant permission to others to see, share, edit, copy and download that content based on settings you or your administrator (if applicable) select. Some of the collaboration features of the Services display some or all of your profile information to other Service users when you share or interact with specific content. For example, when you leave a note on a shift, we display your profile picture and name next to your note so that other users with access to the shift information understand who made the note. Similarly, when you join a team, your name, profile picture and contact information and will be displayed in a list for other team members so they can find and interact with you.
Managed accounts and administrators:
If you register or access the Services using an email address with a domain that is owned by your employer or organization, or associate that email address with your existing account and such organization wishes to establish a PARiM account, certain information about you including your name, profile picture, contact info, content, and account use may become accessible to that organization’s administrator and other PARiM users, as permitted by your administrator. If you are the administrator of a Location, Department or business account within the Services, we may share your contact information with current or past Service users, for the purpose of facilitating Service-related requests.
Community Forums:
We offer privatly accessible groups like PARiM Insight Facebook group. You should be aware that any information you provide in these groups - including profile information associated with the account you use to post the information - may be read, collected, and used by any member of the groups. Your posts and certain profile information may remain even after you terminate your account. We urge you to consider the sensitivity of any information you input into these Services. To request removal of your information from private and public accessible groups operated by us, please contact us as provided below. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to and why.
Sharing with third parties
We share information with third parties that help us operate, provide, improve, integrate, customize, support and market our Services.
Service Providers:
We work with third-party service providers to provide website and application development, hosting, maintenance, backup, storage, virtual infrastructure, payment processing, analysis and other services for us, which may require them to access or use information about you. If a service provider needs to access information about you to perform services on our behalf, they do so under instruction from us, including abiding by policies and procedures designed to protect your information.
PARiM Partners:
We work with third parties who provide consulting, sales, support and technical services to deliver and implement customer solutions around the Services. We may share your information with these third parties in connection with their services, such as to assist with billing and collections, to provide localized support, and to provide customizations. We may also share information with these third parties where you have agreed to that sharing, like when you agree to us sharing your information with a PARiM support agents for support-related questions.
Links to Third-Party Sites:
The Services may include links that direct you to other websites or services whose privacy practices may differ from ours. Your use of and any information you submit to any of those third-party sites is governed by their privacy policies, not this one.
Third-Party Widgets:
Some of our Services contain widgets and social media features, such as the Twitter "tweet" button. These widgets and features collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on the Services, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Widgets and social media features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Services. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
With your consent:
We share information about you with third parties when you give us consent to do so. For example, we often display personal testimonials of satisfied customers on our public websites. With your consent, we may post your name alongside the testimonial.
Compliance with Enforcement Requests and Applicable Laws; Enforcement of Our Rights:
In exceptional circumstances, we may share information about you with a third party if we believe that sharing is reasonably necessary to (a) comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, including to meet national security requirements, (b) enforce our agreements, policies and terms of service, (c) protect the security or integrity of our products and services, (d) protect PARiM, our customers or the public from harm or illegal activities, or (e) respond to an emergency which we believe in good faith requires us to disclose information to assist in preventing the death or serious bodily injury of any person. For more information on how we respond to government requests, see our Guidelines for Law Enforcement and our Transparency Report
Sharing with affiliated companies
We share information we collect with affiliated companies and, in some cases, with prospective affiliates. Affiliated companies are companies owned or operated by PARiM. The protections of this privacy policy apply to the information we share in these circumstances.
PARiM Branches: We share information we have about you with brances of PARiM in order to operate and improve products and services.
Business transfers: We may share or transfer information we collect under this privacy policy in connection with any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of the PARiM to another company. You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on the Services if a transaction takes place, as well as any choices you may have regarding your information.
How we store and secure information we collect
Information storage and security
Since its inception, PARiM's core network has been powered by a number of services provided by
Amazon Web Services (AWS)
, hosted in multiple availability zones within the EU regions. We also enforce
HTTPS
for all connections to our web servers and operate strict firewall policies on our core infrastructure, limiting access to various areas of our network.
All data stored is encrypted at rest using the industry standard AES-256 algorithm. This protects against information leaking through physical access to the storage devices.
Read the full description of PARiM's security practices here -
https://parim.co/secure-workforce-management-software
How long we keep information
How long we keep information we collect about you depends on the type of information, as described in further detail below. After such time, we will either delete or anonymize your information or, if this is not possible (for example, because the information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your information and isolate it from any further use until deletion is possible.
Account information:
We retain your account information until you delete your account. We also retain some of your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes, to enforce our agreements, to support business operations and to continue to develop and improve our Services. Where we retain information for Service improvement and development, we take steps to eliminate information that directly identifies you, and we only use the information to uncover collective insights about the use of our Services, not to specifically analyze personal characteristics about you.
Information you share on the Services:
If your account is deactivated or disabled, some of your information and the content you have provided will remain in order to allow your team members or other users to make full use of the Services. For example, we continue to display notes and content you provided to shifts, locations or other user profiles.
Managed accounts:
If the Services are made available to you through an organization (e.g., your employer), we retain your information as long as required by the administrator of your account. For more information, see "Managed accounts and administrators" above.
Marketing information:
If you have elected to receive marketing emails from us, we retain information about your marketing preferences unless you specifically ask us to delete such information. We retain information derived from cookies and other tracking technologies for a reasonable period of time from the date such information was created.
How to access and control your information
You have certain choices available to you when it comes to your information. Below is a summary of those choices, how to exercise them and any limitations. We will respond to requests about this within a reasonable timeframe.
Your Rights and Choices
You have the right to request a copy of your information, to object to our use of your information (including for marketing purposes), to request the deletion or restriction of your information, or to request your information in a structured, electronic format. Below, we describe the tools and processes for making these requests. You can exercise some of the choices by logging into the Services and using settings available within the Services or your account. Where the Services are administered for you by an administrator (see "Notice to End Users" below), you may need to contact your administrator to assist with your requests first. For all other requests, you may contact us as provided in the Contact Us section below to request assistance.
Your request and choices may be limited in certain cases:
for example, if fulfilling your request would reveal information about another person, or if you ask to delete information which we or your administrator are permitted by law or have compelling legitimate interests to keep. If you have unresolved concerns, you may have the right to complain to a data protection authority in the country where you live, where you work or where you feel your rights were infringed.
Access and update your information:
Our Services and related documentation give you the ability to access and update certain information about you from within the Service. You can update your profile information within your profile settings and modify content that contains information about you using the editing tools associated with that content.
Deactivate access to Staff Portal:
An administrator of the Platform can deactivate your access to the Platform. You can not deactivate your own access, please contact your administrator. If you are an administrator and are unable to deactivate an account through your administrator settings, please contact PARiM support. Please be aware that deactivating access to the Platform does not delete your information from the Platform; your information remains visible to other Service users based on your past participation within the Services. For more information on how to delete your information, see below.
Delete your information:
Our Services and related documentation
give you the ability to delete certain information about you from within the Service. For example, you can remove content that contains information about you using the key word search and editing tools associated with that content and you can remove certain profile information within your profile settings. Please note, however, that we may need to retain certain information for record keeping purposes, to complete transactions or to comply with our legal obligations.
Request that we stop using your information:
In some cases, you may ask us to stop accessing, storing, using and otherwise processing your information where you believe we don't have the appropriate rights to do so. For example, if you believe a Services account was created for you without your permission or you are no longer an active user, you can request that we delete your account as provided in this policy. Where you gave us consent to use your information for a limited purpose, you can contact us to withdraw that consent, but this will not affect any processing that has already taken place at the time. You can also opt-out of our use of your information for marketing purposes by contacting us, as provided below. When you make such requests, we may need time to investigate and facilitate your request. If there is a delay or dispute as to whether we have the right to continue using your information, we will restrict any further use of your information until the request is honored or the dispute is resolved, provided your administrator does not object (where applicable).
Opt out of communications:
You may opt out of receiving promotional communications from us by using the unsubscribe link within each email, updating your email preferences within your Service account settings menu, or by contacting us as provided below to have your contact information removed from our promotional email list or registration database. Even after you opt out from receiving promotional messages from us, you will continue to receive transactional messages from us regarding our Services. You can opt out of some notification messages in your account settings. Please note, you will continue to receive generic ads.
T
urn off Cookie Controls:
Relevant browser-based cookie controls are described in our
Cookies Policy
.
Send "Do Not Track" Signals:
Some browsers have incorporated "Do Not Track" (DNT) features that can send a signal to the websites you visit indicating you do not wish to be tracked. Because there is not yet a common understanding of how to interpret the DNT signal, our Services do not currently respond to browser DNT signals. You can use the range of other tools we provide to control data collection and use, including the ability to opt out of receiving marketing from us as described above.
How we transfer information we collect internationally
International transfers of information we collect
We collect information globally and primarily store that information in the United Kingdom. We transfer, process and store your information outside of your country of residence, to wherever we, PARiM or our third-party service providers operate for the purpose of providing you the Services. Whenever we transfer your information, we take steps to protect it.
International transfers within PARiM:
To facilitate our global operations, we transfer information to the United KIngdom and allow access to that information from countries in which PARiM and its affiliates have operations for the purposes described in this policy. These countries may not have equivalent privacy and data protection laws to the laws of many of the countries where our customers and users are based. When we share information about you within and among PARiM affiliates, we make use of standard contractual data protection clauses, which have been approved by the European Commission, and we rely on the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework to safeguard the transfer of information we collect from the European Economic Area and Switzerland. Please see our Privacy Shield notice below for more information or contact us as provided below.
International transfers to third parties:
Some of the third parties described in this privacy policy, which provide services to us under contract, are based in other countries that may not have equivalent privacy and data protection laws to the country in which you reside. When we share information of customers in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, we make use of the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks, European Commission-approved standard contractual data protection clauses, binding corporate rules for transfers to data processors, or other appropriate legal mechanisms to safeguard the transfer. Please see our Privacy Shield Notice below.
Privacy Shield Notice
PARiM Limited participate in and comply with the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks and the Privacy Shield Principles regarding the collection, use, and retention of information about you that is transferred from the European Union or Switzerland (as applicable) to the U.S. We ensure that the Privacy Shield Principles apply to all information about you that is subject to this privacy policy and is received from the European Union, the European Economic Area, and Switzerland.
Under the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks, we are responsible for the processing of information about you we receive from the EU and Switzerland and onward transfers to a third party acting as an agent on our behalf. We comply with the Privacy Shield Principles for such onward transfers and remain liable in accordance with the Privacy Shield Principles if third-party agents that we engage to process such information about you on our behalf do so in a manner inconsistent with the Privacy Shield Principles, unless we prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Other important privacy information
Notice to End Users
Our products are intended for both personal use and use by organizations. Where the Services are made available to you through an organization (e.g. your employer), that organization is the administrator of the Services and is responsible for the end-users and/or Service sites over which it has control. If this is the case, please direct your data privacy questions to your administrator, as your use of the Services is subject to that organization's policies. We are not responsible for the privacy or security practices of an administrator's organization, which may be different than this policy.
Even if the Services are not currently administered to you by an organization, if you are a member of a team administered by an organization, or if you use an email address provided by an organization (such as your work email address) to access the Services, then the administrator of that team or the owner of the domain associated with your organizational email address (e.g. your employer) may assert administrative control over your account and use of the Services at a later date. You will be notified if this happens.
The Platform administrators are able to restrict your access to and privileges. In some cases, enterprise administrators can also:
require you to reset your account password;
restrict, suspend or terminate your access to the Services or your account;
control your ability to edit, restrict, modify or delete account information;
change your account information, including profile information or the email address associated with your account;
access information in and about your account; and
access or retain information stored as part of your account.
If you do not want an administrator to be able to assert control over your account or use of the Services, you should deactivate your account with the relevant location, department or remove any email addresses containing a domain owned or controlled by the administrator entirely from your account. Once an administrator asserts control over your account or use of the Services, you may no longer be able to withdraw membership or change the email address associated with your account without administrator approval.
Please contact your organization or refer to your administrator’s organizational policies for more information.
Our policy towards children
The Services are not directed to individuals under 16. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. If we become aware that a child under 16 has provided us with personal information, we will take steps to delete such information. If you become aware that a child has provided us with personal information, please contact our support services.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We may change this privacy policy from time to time. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice by adding a notice on the Services homepages, login screens, or by sending you an email notification. We will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review. We encourage you to review our privacy policy whenever you use the Services to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
If you disagree with any changes to this privacy policy, you will need to stop using the Services and deactivate your account(s), as outlined above.
Contact Us
Your information is controlled by PARiM Limited. If you have questions or concerns about how your information is handled, please direct your inquiry to PARiM Limited, as set forth below or, if you are a resident of the European Economic Area, please contact our EU Representative.
PARiM Limited
65 London Wall, London EC2M 5TU, United Kingdom
E-Mail: privacy@parim.co