Zameen
Terms & Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Understand what information we are collecting, where it is used, and who has access to it.
We take your privacy very seriously and are committed to protecting the privacy of all visitors and subscribers to our website
www.zameen.com
(the
"Website"
) or any mobile application we make available via an app store (the
"Application"
, together   with   the   Website,   the
"Platform"
),   and   the   corresponding   services available through the Platform (the
"Services"
).
Below we set out our privacy policy, which will govern the way in which we process any personal information that you provide to us.
Please read this privacy policy carefully as it contains important information on who we are and how we collect, store, use and share your information. By accessing the Platform or using our Services or otherwise indicating your consent, you agree to, and where required, consent to the collection, use and transfer of your information as set out in this policy. If you do not accept the terms of this policy, you must not use the Platform and/or the Services. This privacy policy supplements other notices and privacy policies and is not intended to override them.
This   privacy   policy:   (i)   applies   only   to   the   Platform   and   not   to   websites   or applications of any other companies or organisations; and (ii) specifically addresses our   obligations   pursuant   to   the   applicable   laws   of   Pakistan   (the
"Applicable Laws"
).
Who We Share Your Personal Information With
Your personal information (which includes your name, address and any other details you provide to us which concern you as an individual) may be processed both by us.
We may also share your information with: (i) third parties we use to help deliver our products and services to you (for example, payment service providers); (ii) other third…
See More
Purpose Of Processing
Your information will allow us to provide you with access to the particular parts of the Platform relevant to you and allow us to supply the Services you require.
We will use your information for the purpose of informing you of special offers and providing other marketing information to you which we think you may find of interest, undertaking services or customer research/development.
See More
Disclosure Of Information
In the unlikely event that a liquidator, administrator or receiver is appointed over us or all or any part of our assets that insolvency practitioner may transfer your information to a third-party purchaser of the business provided that purchaser undertakes to use your information for the same purposes as set out in this policy. We undertake not to provide your personal information to third parties save in accordance with this policy.
See More
The Data We Collect About You
When you visit the Website or the Application or create a login in and password to access the Services, you may be asked to provide information about yourself. This may include: (i) your name and contact details, including email address and telephone number; (ii) information to enable us to check and verify your identity; (iii) location data; (iv) your billing information, transaction and payment…
See More
Cookies
We may send a small file to your computer or device when you visit our Website (a cookie). This will enable us to identify your computer, track your behaviour on our Website and to identify your particular areas of interest so as to personalise and enhance your experience on this Website. We may use cookies to collect and store personal data and we link
See More
Data Deletion Request
You may request that we delete your personal data by emailing us at
contactus@zameen.com
. We will endeavour to comply with such deletion requests but in certain circumstances we will be unable to delete your personal data as we may be required to retain it for legal, regulatory and/or compliance reasons
See More
Security Measures
We have implemented security policies, rules and technical measures to protect the personal data that we have under our control from unauthorised access, improper use and disclosure, unauthorised destruction or accidental loss.
See More
Payment Data
We employ a third-party provider for processing credit card payments. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions but may not use it for other purposes. We do not have access to or retain any of your payment information.
Updates To Policy
We reserve the right to vary this policy from time to time. Our updated policy will be displayed on the Website, and by continuing to use and access the Platform, following such changes, you agree to be bound by any variation made by us. It is your responsibility to check this policy from time to time to verify such variations.