These Terms and Conditions regulate the download, access and use of the LAB. ECHEVARNE or LABORATORIO ECHEVARNE mobile application (hereinafter, APPLICATION or APP), that LABORATORIO ECHEVARNE, S.A. make available to Users to offer our clinical analysis services.
1. GENERAL
In compliance with the general information obligation of article 10 of Spanish Law 34/2002, of July 11, Services of the Information Society and Electronic Commerce informs you that LABORATORIO ECHEVARNE, S.A., inscribed in the Barcelona Mercantile Registry, to Volume 5,526 Folio 164, Page No. 63582 1st Inscription, with NIF A08829848 and address at Calle Provença, 312 – 08037 Barcelona (Barcelona) is responsible for the APPLICATION. If you want to contact us, you can do so through the email info@laboratorioechevarne.com
Access to the APPLICATION assumes that the User acknowledges that they have accepted and consented without reservation to each and every one of the provisions included in all the terms of this document.
LABORATORIO ECHEVARNE, S.A. reserves the right to modify these Conditions of Use to always adapt them to the current legislation applicable, as well as to make changes, updates whose changes will be published in the APPLICATION and will be effective from the moment of their publication. If you do not agree with the updates to the Terms of Use, you may resign by ceasing to use the Service.
Access and download of the application are free, except for the cost of the connection through the telecommunications network provided by the access provider contracted by the users.
By using the APPLICATION, the User declares to be over 14 years of age. Likewise, LABORATORIO ECHEVARNE, S.A. reserves the right to request additional documentation from the User to prove this age. LABORATORIO ECHEVARNE, S.A. does not collect information from minors under 14 years of age. Under suspicion that a User of the services is under said age (14 years), and that he has falsified the data required for access, LABORATORIO ECHEVARNE, S.A. may deny the aforementioned User access to the Services offered. In any case, the parents and / or legal guardians of minors must ensure compliance with this provision, being responsible for the acts thereof.
2. COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
2.1.- Compilation of technical information:
The APPLICATION automatically collects the following information from the User computing device:
Identity:
Search for accounts on the device.
Approximate location (network-based) precise location (network and GPS-based).
Others:
Manage document storage.
Interaction activity to carry out statistical studies of trends and product prescription. Activity regarding received leads, interactions, request status, etc. to have usage statistics aimed at improving the performance of the APP.
Receive data from the Internet.
Full network access.
Prevent the device from going to sleep.
3. SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS AND AVAILABILITY
In general, prior subscription or registration as a User is required to access and use the APPLICATION.
In order to use the Mobile APPLICATION, the User must have a compatible computer, telephone or mobile device, with an internet connection and that meets the minimum specifications shown below.
The software requirements are as follows: Android 4.2 and higher operating devices; Apple devices with iOS 8.0 or later (information pending until application completion)
The version of the APPLICATION software may be periodically updated to add compatibility with new functions and services.
LABORATORIO ECHEVARNE, S.A. They will make all reasonable efforts to always make the application available. However, the User accepts that the delivery of the application is made through the internet and mobile networks and that, consequently, the quality and availability of the application may be affected by factors beyond the responsible control of the APPLICATION.
4. PRIVACY POLICY
LABORATORIO ECHEVARNE, S.A. They are especially sensitive to the protection of the data of the users who access the APPLICATION, guaranteeing their intimacy and privacy from all interested parties in accordance with the legal requirements stipulated in current legislation.
When the User creates an account, LABORATORIO ECHEVARNE, S.A. collects personal information, such as username, email address, date of birth, gender, as well as any other personal information or those preferences that you enter in the Service.
LABORATORIO ECHEVARNE, S.A. can also automatically collect and generate information from other areas of use, such as metadata from services, login data, device information, IP addresses, third-party data and information obtained from cookies.
In compliance with Regulation (EU) 2016/679, of April 27, 2016 and Organic Law 3/2018 of December 5, LABORATORIO ECHEVARNE, S.A. as Controller for the processing, informs that will process the data provided by the User through the APPLICATION form in order to:
Manage registration as registered users of the application to provide and maintain their services.
Solve the questions and doubts raised by users through the mobile application.
Periodically send (via email, post and / or SMS) electronic communications with offers, promotions and news related to our application, unless otherwise indicated or the User opposes or revokes their consent.
Contact the User to participate in quality surveys in order to improve the service.
Communicate with the User by email or in the framework of matters related to the Service.
Carry out anonymous statistical reports regarding access habits and activity carried out by Users on the APP.
Manage the payment and shipping transaction of the purchased items.
The data will be processed for the time necessary to maintain the purpose of the processing unless the interested party has revoked their consent. Subsequently, they will be blocked to comply with the legally established deadlines, adopting technical and organizational measures to prevent their processing, including their visualization, and being only available to judges, courts, prosecutors or public administrations, in order to face legal responsibilities. Once the required legal period has elapsed, this data will be permanently destroyed.
User data will not be communicated or transferred to third parties unless there is any legal obligation or those providers linked to the Responsible who act as those in charge of the processing with whom the corresponding contract has been signed in accordance with the terms of current legislation.
Our servers are located in the European Union, and in general, we contract service providers also located within the European Economic Area or in countries that have been declared with an adequate level of protection.
If we need to use external service providers that require the transmission of personal data outside the European Union or in countries that have not been declared with an adequate level of protection, we will ensure the security and legitimacy of the processing of your data through decisions of adequacy, standard clauses, binding corporate rules, exceptions or any other instrument approved by the supervisory authority that offers adequate guarantees for the international transfer of data.
The basis of legitimacy for the processing of your data, and the sending of commercial information will be the consent granted by the User when selecting the acceptance box of the information clause and of our privacy policy before sending the request.
For its part, the management of the contracting of products or services through the corresponding application, billing, and shipments, is legitimized by the execution of the contract itself.
When we collect exact location data, after obtaining your consent, we process this data based on your prior consent.
It is important that so that we can keep the personal data updated, the User informs us whenever there has been any modification in them, otherwise, we are not responsible for the veracity of the same.  User guarantees that the personal data provided is truthful, guaranteeing that All the information provided corresponds to the real situation, which is updated and accurate, being obliged to communicate any modification.
If the User provides data of third parties for any purpose to LABORATORIO ECHEVARNE, S.A. guarantees that you have obtained these data in a lawful manner, that you have previously informed those affected, obtaining their consent to communicate them and that the information provided is accurate and truthful.
The User who provides the data through the forms of this APP, accepts its processing and declares to be over 14 years old, access and use being prohibited by minors of that age. If at any time, the Controller detects that a person under 14 years of age has provided personal data, we will proceed to cancel them. Likewise, parents or guardians may in any case contact LABORATORIO ECHEVARNE, S.A. to block the access account of minors under their care who have registered by falsifying his identity.
The User will have the right to access their data and to obtain confirmation about their processing, as well as a copy of the personal data that is being processed. You have the right to update them and request the rectification of the data that are inaccurate or request the deletion when the data is not necessary for the purposes for which they were collected. You can request the limitation in the processing of your data and oppose their processing by revoking your consent, as well as exercising the right to data portability. Similarly, you have the right not to be the subject of decisions based solely on the automated processing of your personal data. You can exercise your rights by contacting us Calle Provença, 312 bajos – 08037 Barcelona (Barcelona). E-mail: info@laboratorioechevarne.com
Contact details of the data protection officer: dpo@laboratorioechevarne.com
If you consider that your rights have not been properly addressed, you have the right to file a claim with the supervisory authority at www.aepd.es
For more information on how we use your data, visit our data
protection policy
.
5. INTELLECTUAL AND INDUSTRIAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
The intellectual and industrial property rights over the APPLICATION are owned by LABORATORIO ECHEVARNE, S.A., corresponding to the exclusive exercise of the rights of exploitation of the same in any form and, especially, the rights of reproduction, distribution, public communication, and transformation.
The third-party holders of intellectual and industrial property rights over photographs, logos, and any other symbols or content included in the APPLICATION have granted the corresponding authorizations for their reproduction, distribution and making available to the public.
The User acknowledges that the reproduction, modification, distribution, commercialization, decompilation, disassembly, use of reverse engineering techniques or any other means to obtain the source code, transformation or publication of any unauthorized reference test results of any of the elements and utilities integrated into the development constitutes an infringement of the intellectual property rights of LABORATORIO ECHEVARNE, S.A., thus obliging itself not to carry out any of the aforementioned actions.
Information on links
Our service may sometimes contain links to and from the websites of our network of partners, advertisers and affiliates (including, but not limited to, websites on which the service is advertised). If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites and any services that you can access through them have their own privacy policy and we will not accept any responsibility for them or for any personal data that is obtained by these websites or services, such as, for example, contact information and location. Please review these policies before submitting any personal data to these websites or using their services.
6. EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY
LABORATORIO ECHEVARNE, S.A. reserves the right to edit, update, modify, suspend, eliminate, or terminate the services offered by the APPLICATION, including all or part of its content, without the need for prior notice, as well as to modify the form or type of access to it.
The possible causes of modification may take place, for reasons such as their adaptation to possible legislative developments and changes in the APPLICATION itself, as well as those that may be derived from the existing standard codes on the matter or for strategic or corporate reasons.
LABORATORIO ECHEVARNE, S.A. It will not be responsible for the use of the APPLICATION by a person under 14 years of age, being the download and use of the APPLICATION the sole responsibility of the User.
The responsibility for using the APPLICATION corresponds only to the User. Except as established in these Terms and Conditions, LABORATORIO ECHEVARNE, S.A. is not responsible for any loss or damage that occurs in connection with the download or use of the APPLICATION, such as those produced because of failures, breakdowns or blockages in the operation of the APPLICATION (for example, and without limitation: error in the communication lines, defects in the hardware or software of the APP or failures in the Internet network). Likewise, LABORATORIO ECHEVARNE, S.A. Nor will it be responsible for the damages produced because of improper or inappropriate use of the APPLICATION by users.
7. LEGISLATION AND JURISDICTION
The applicable law in case of dispute or conflict of interpretation of the terms that make up the legal texts, as well as any question related to the services of this website will be Spanish law.
Última actualización: 28/07/2021