Introduction
We are as passionate about your privacy as we are about Coffee – and that is saying a lot! We are committed to being as transparent as possible in relation to our processing of your personal data. Periodically, we may update this privacy notice (“
Privacy Notice
”) when we, e.g., change our processing routines or if we provide you with new services in our mobile application, on our website, or in relation to your Espresso House account. When we do this, we will take all reasonable measures to inform you of such updates (unless the changes made are non-material or insignificant). If you have any questions regarding our use of your personal data, do not hesitate to contact us by using the contact details provided at the end of this Privacy Notice.
EH Group AB, Reg. No. 556903-5578 (“
Espresso House
”, “
we
”, “
our
” or “
us
”) collects and processes personal data about you when you interact with us, for example when you visit one of our Coffee Shops, or when you visit our website or use our mobile application. This Privacy Notice is applicable to the websites and services provided by Espresso House as well as Espresso House’s affiliates, consisting of (1) Espresso House Sweden AB (Sweden), (2) Espresso House Norge AS (Norway), (3) Espresso House Norge Drift AS (Norway), (4) Espresso House Finland OY (Finland), (5) Espresso House Denmark A/S (Denmark), (6) Balzac Coffee Company GmbH & Co. Kg (Germany), (7) Balzac Coffee Verwaltungs GmbH (Germany), (8) Johan & Nyström Kafferostare & Tehandlare AB (Sweden) and its affiliate (9) Johan & Nyström OY (Finland). This Privacy Notice sets out what personal data Espresso House, in its role as data controller, collects about you and for which purposes the personal data is processed.
Throughout this Privacy Notice, the term “
processing
” is used to cover all activities involving your personal data, including e.g., collecting, handling, storing, sharing, accessing, using, transferring and disposing of your personal data.
“
Applicable Data Protection Laws
” means all legislation and regulations, including regulations issued by relevant supervisory authorities, protecting the fundamental rights and freedoms of individuals and, in particular, their right to privacy with respect to the processing of personal data that from time to time apply to this Privacy Notice, including the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (the “
GDPR
”) as well as laws and regulations supplementing the GDPR.
“
Personal data
” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
If you have any questions or concerns, please contact us at
privacy@espressohouse.com
.
01. Who is the data controller for the personal data?
02. From where do we collect your personal data?
03. Why do we process your personal data?
04. Recipients that we share personal data with
05. Your rights
06. Contact us
07. Changes to this privacy notice
08. Description of categories of personal data