FM:Systems is now part of Johnson Controls group of companies. For further information on how Johnson Controls handles personal data, please see our Global Privacy Notice at
www.johnsoncontrols.com/privacy
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.johnsoncontrols.com/privacy:
Johnson Controls
Trust Center
Privacy
Philosophy and Expertise
Global Privacy Notice
Privacy by Design
Data Privacy Sheets
Data Subject Rights
More
Cross Border Data Transfer
Environmental Social Governance
Seals and Certifications
Contact Us
Confidence
Confidence can be defined in many ways. Reliable. Functional. Efficient. Confidential. Trust.
These are more than just words at Johnson Controls. These define our core values in how we guard and execute in everything we do every day.
We build confidence into our products and services through Privacy by Design. Our customers can be assured by our processes and experience and be confident in the knowledge that Johnson Controls builds privacy and data protection into our product, service and relationship.
Privacy Portal
Philosophy and Expertise
Experience supporting our values and standards.
Global Privacy Notice
The full notice, terms, DPA and contact information to reach us.
Privacy by Design
What it means to you and how it works for you.
Data Privacy Sheets
Our products and global framework set us apart.
Data Subject Rights
Building customer relationships and respecting their needs.
Cross Border Data Transfers
View the transfer mechanisms used to compliantly transfer personal data.
Privacy Partners
Combining Privacy with environmental, sustainability and governance (ESG) and cybersecurity in new and meaningful ways.
Seals and Certifications
Recognition and confirmation of our product standards.
Pillars of Privacy
Transparency
Confidence comes from knowing. We share the “how” and “why” so customers can clearly see the benefits, uses and protections built into our products and services.
Protection
Protection is the foundation of what we do, and it’s integrated into all Johnson Controls products and services. Our deep understanding of protective systems and processes provides companies and individuals with a secure environment in today’s digital world.
Global Framework
At Johnson Controls, our unique cross-platform, global approach merges needs and capabilities to best protect the integrity of systems and data. Our multi-national framework allows for providing flexible products and services which are capable of being used compliantly with applicable laws in all jurisdictions. From artificial intelligence (AI) enabled products and services to enhance protection against an ever-growing world of connected devices and networks, we have our eyes on current opportunities for strength and future possibilities.
Privacy Leadership
“Johnson Controls has a long history of innovation, and integrity and privacy and data protection are core to our values. Johnson Controls privacy program is robust and globally recognized. We protect our customers’, employees’, partners’ and suppliers’ privacy and personal data. We don’t simply comply with data privacy obligations, but drive credibility and confidence with all of our stakeholders so they know that we always do the right thing with their data."
George Oliver, CEO
PHILOSOPHY AND EXPERTISE
The experience supporting our values and standards.
Johnson
Controls' Global Privacy Office is committed to strengthening our protection measures through our operational framework by demonstrating transparency, commitment and building trust from our employees, customers and regulators.
At Johnson Controls, we pride ourselves on developing products and processes which follow the most stringent global privacy and data protection laws. We do this in a way that places “integrity first.” This means we operate with integrity at all times, designing our products to use data in an ethical way and not only to be legally compliant. In this, we are unwilling to compromise.
Globally, we work tirelessly to keep pace with regulatory revisions and new guidance in order to best serve the needs of our customers, employees and partners – wherever they may be. As the world evolves, we evolve with it.
Johnson Controls understands the commitment involved in supporting the high standards we incorporate into our products and services. A prime example is our OpenBlue platform. OpenBlue is a complete suite of connected solutions that combines our 135 years of expertise with cutting-edge technology, supporting privacy and data security on site or through the cloud by incorporating our Privacy by Design framework.
We take the responsibility of privacy and data protection seriously – committing to delivering confidence to customers while providing the best security available.
Privacy by Design
What it means to you and how it works for you.
At Johnson Controls, we are confident in the design of our processes, activities, products, services and solutions. From beginning to end, Johnson Controls Global Privacy Office is involved in the development process to ensure we are delivering the best quality possible. Our customers have come to trust our Privacy by Design philosophy.
To us, Privacy by Design means:
Embedding privacy into the development of our commercial and residential products and services
Communicating our stance on privacy through consistent notices and policies that drive transparency
Respecting and managing employee privacy rights
Incorporating data retention requirements and protocols when processing personal data
Our portfolio of products is robust, and all products include comprehensive support, pioneering technology and user-friendly integration. From access management to video surveillance to alerts and warnings, everything in a customer’s security ecosystem is as reliable as the equipment they use.
As a trusted partner, Johnson Controls’ organization-wide approach to privacy and data security develops resilient systems focused on your unique security needs. For example, Johnson Controls deploys powerful cloud-based solutions for specific business demands. These product solutions are cost-effective, managed remotely with minimal training and provide comprehensive end-to-end technical and business support.
With the support of the Johnson Controls Global Privacy Office and staff, our privacy program is customizable to provide solutions to unique needs. Our OpenBlue platform allows customers to manage data on premise or through the cloud across multiple jurisdictions. It also keeps the most stringent global privacy and data protection laws in mind, including, but not limited to:
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) of the European Union (EU)
Brazil’s Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (LGPD)
Singapore’s Personal Data Protection Act (PDPA)
California’s Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
Furthermore, we are committed to creating solutions which respect fair information practices globally.
Seals and Certifications
Recognition and confirmation of our product standards.
Johnson Controls has substantive experience with global privacy issues and has received several awards, achieved global privacy certifications and formed strategic alliances and partnerships which demonstrate our commitment to transparency and excellence.
Seals and Certifications
The seals and certificates Johnson Controls has received, detailed below, demonstrate our privacy and data governance practices for personal data and comply with international standards and beyond. We believe these certifications exemplify that we are a trusted resource.
APEC Cross Border Privacy Rules (CBPR) Seal
With the APEC CBPR certification, the privacy practices of our organization will be in line with other CBPR-certified organizations, thereby facilitating transfer of data between participating countries, including the United States, Canada, Mexico, Australia, Japan and many others.
APEC Privacy Recognition for Processors (PRP) Seal
The PRP framework helps personal data processors demonstrate their ability to assist controllers in implementing the customer’s relevant privacy obligations. It further demonstrates our capacity for processing personal data securely.
TRUSTe Enterprise Privacy Certification
The TRUSTe Enterprise Privacy Certification demonstrates that Johnson Controls’ privacy and data governance practices comply with the
Enterprise Certification Standards
. By achieving and displaying the TRUSTe Privacy seal on our website, we demonstrate to our existing and potential customers and all business partners that they can trust us with the processing of their personal data. To view our certification status, click on the TRUSTe seal.