Main content
Main content
Privacy Policy
1. About this Policy
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) is to ensure that you understand the type of information acquired, the use of this information and the purpose of this use, the methods used by Ricoh Company, Ltd. (“RICOH”) for handling your personal data in “Ricoh Smart Device Connector” (“Service”), a service provided by Ricoh Company, Ltd. (“RICOH”).
“Personal Data” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (‘data subject’); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.
2. Management of Personal Data
RICOH implements appropriate safety management measures to laws and regulations, guidelines and internal regulations of RICOH to prevent leaking, loss, destruction, etc. of Personal Data, and works to protect Personal Data retained by RICOH. RICOH also trains its employees on appropriate handling of Personal Data, etc. and works to fully ensure the protection of this information.
3. Personal Data Used in the Service
RICOH does not collect, store or transmit any of your information that you link with the Service (as described below), and any other Personal Data as the information is only stored locally on your devices.
You must have a Google Drive, Microsoft OneDrive, Dropbox, Box, e-Sharing Box, Gmail, Microsoft Exchange or Yahoo! Mail (“Supported Service”) account(s) to use our Service. By linking any of these accounts to our Service, you can access your Supported Service account(s) with the Service using OAuth tokens and/or authentication services.
For example, by enabling access to your Supported Service account(s), you will be able to;
print documents or photographs stored in Supported Service
display documents or photographs stored in Supported Service to a bigger screen using a RICOH projector
display documents or photographs stored in Supported Service using RICOH Interactive Whiteboards
upload documents or photographs to Supported Service through a RICOH multi-function printer scanner
Also, Service's use and transfer to any other app of information received from Google APIs will adhere to
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.
4. Provision of Personal Data to a Third Party
As RICOH collect no Personal Data, RICOH will not provide your Personal Data to any third parties.
5. Contact for Inquiries Relating to Personal Data / Complaints
If you have any complaints and other inquiries relating to the handling of Personal Data, please contact us at ZRMD-SDC-SUPPORT@rgroup.nts.ricoh.co.jp, or by writing to us at the following address:
Ricoh Company, Ltd.
1-3-6 Nakamagome, Ohta-ku,Tokyo
143-8555 Japan
6. Amendments
RICOH may update this Policy in response to changes to or improvements of the purposes of use, improvement of safety, or according to revisions of related laws, regulations and rules. Therefore, RICOH recommends to periodically check this
Policy on RICOH’s website.
Implemented: June 2019
Last updated: November 21, 2019
Ricoh Company, Ltd.
Share
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Rejecting cookies may impact your experience on the website, such as playing YouTube videos.
Cookie Policy
Cookie Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience.
Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings.
However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on the site, such as playing YouTube videos and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Accept All Cookies
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of our website will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. If this information processed in relation to Strictly Necessary Cookies falls under personal data, the legal basis of that processing is the legitimate interest to actuate this website.
Cookie Details‎
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our website, and will not be able to monitor its performance. If this information processed in relation to Performance Cookies falls under personal data, the legal basis of that processing is your consent.
Cookie Details‎
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these services may not function properly. If this information processed in relation to Functional Cookies falls under personal data, the legal basis of that processing is your consent.
Cookie Details‎
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. If this information processed in relation to Functional Cookies falls under personal data, the legal basis of that processing is your consent.
Cookie Details‎
Back Button
Vendors List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label