About
Meditate
Apps
MP3s
Podcast
Blog
Professionals
What's New?
Contact
Menu
MEDITATION OASIS® APPS PRIVACY POLICY
We respect the privacy rights of our users, and we have created this Privacy Policy in the interests of answering questions that you might have concerning privacy as you use our applications.
This privacy policy governs your use of any Software application on a mobile device that was created by Meditation Oasis. The Application may include any or all of the following: audio recordings, music and nature sounds, text and images. Features may include the ability to choose audio duration, background music or sound, adjust relative volumes, set reminders, journaling capabilities, reminder function and playlist capabilities.
What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?
Meditation Oasis® Applications do not collect any information.
Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?
No.
What about my privacy when I visit your Website for Application support?
For information on our website privacy policy, please read our
Privacy Policy
.
Contact us – If you have any questions regarding privacy while using an Application or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at:
app-support@meditationoasis.com.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.meditationoasis.com/about/privacy-policy:
About
Meditate
Apps
MP3s
Podcast
Blog
Professionals
What's New?
Contact
Menu
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
The only time we would have access to information about you is if you submit our Contact Form or if you give your real name, email or website address when you comment on a blog post. You can comment on a blog post anonymously, however.
What do we use the information for?
We do not compile any information or use it for any other purpose than to respond to your contact with us.
Information included when leaving blog comments is not used by us for any purpose. We will not send you unsolicited emails or share your email with a third party.
If you subscribe to our RSS feed, the information that you submit is available to us on the Feedburner site. We do not use this information, however. It is only used by Feedburner to send you email notifications of new blog posts.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information.
Do we use cookies?
We do not use cookies.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising or other uses.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. This policy was last modified 04/27/2012.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us. Our contact information is available on our
Contact page.
­
­