Privacy Notice
Dear user, thank you for choosing our application (hereinafter "
App
"), which you can consult and use to interact with our
connected appliances (hereinafter also "
connected appliances"
). Depending on its technical
    characteristics, once connected to the Internet, your appliance is able to
    transmit information to Candy Hoover Group S.r.l., to provide you with
    specific services and to send you notifications and communications. To
    verify the specific functions of your appliance, please consult the
    appliance's technical data sheet.
Here below you will find all information concerning the processing
    procedures for your personal data, not only to comply with legal
    obligations regarding the protection of personal data under Regulation (EU)
    2016/679 (hereinafter "
Regulation")
, and all applicable
    national legislation (including all procedures by the control authority),
    but also because we believe that the protection of personal data is a
    fundamental value of our business and we want to provide you with any
    information that may help you to protect your privacy and to monitor the
    use that is made of your data.
Below you will find information on the personal data we collect, the
    purposes for which we process your personal data, the methods and tools
    with which we process them, the subjects with whom we may share your data,
    how long we keep them and what your rights are under the Regulation. We
    therefore invite you to read the following information; you will find more
    details in the relevant sections.
1.
ABOUT US
The App and the services connected are offered by Candy Hoover Group
    S.r.l., which will process your data in accordance with current legislation
    on the protection of personal data. Below you will find our contacts.
1.1 THE DATA CONTROLLER
The Data Controller, i.e. the organisation which makes the decisions
regarding the methods and purposes of the processing, is
Candy Hoover Group S.r.l.
with registered office in Via
    Comolli, 16 - 20861 Brugherio (MB) and administrative office in Via Privata
    Eden Fumagalli 20861 Brugherio (MB), Italy, IR code/company register of
Monza and Brianza 04666310158 - VAT number 00786860965 (hereinafter "
CHG
").
You can contact CHG by writing to the above postal address or by e-mail to
    data.protection@candy-group.com.
1.2 THE DATA PROTECTION OFFICER ("DPO")
The Data Protection Officer (or also the "
DPO
") is
    responsible for monitoring compliance with the Regulation in relation to
    the processing of personal data by CHG.
You can contact the DPO at the following e-mail address
data.protection@candy-group.com
or by post by writing to:
Candy Hoover Group S.r.l.
Via Privata Eden Fumagalli
20861 Brugherio (MB), Italy
For the attention of Data Protection Officer
.
2.
DATA AND INFORMATION COLLECTED THROUGH THE APP
When you register with the App, take advantage of the services offered, ask
    for assistance and support or connect your appliance (for appliances with
    connectivity), CHG processes some Personal Data concerning you, your
    appliance and the use you make of it.
Information you provide directly:
When you register, we collect the following personal data that you directly
    provide: personal and contact information (name, surname, e-mail address,
    country, password) and, in addition if provided, additional contact
    information (city, address, mobile phone) and image.
In addition, if you couple your connected appliances, we will ask you to
    also provide information about the connected appliance (type, brand,
    specific model, ID number and serial number).
Information acquired indirectly by CHG through registration with
            the App:
When you register, the App also acquires data about your smartphone and/or
    tablet used to install the App, and data related to the use of the App
    itself (such as, for example, errors, crashes), as well as the IP address
    of origin. Computer processing systems and all software procedures used to
    operate the App - during normal use - acquire some data whose transmission
    is implied in the use of communication protocols. This information is not
    collected to be traced back to a natural person but by its very nature can
    be traced back to the data subjects. This category of data includes, for
    example, IP addresses, model of device you use to access, installed OS, URI
    (Uniform Resource Identifier). In order to allow the correct functioning of
    the App, information available on the device such as device ID, position
    and information on your connection to the Wi-Fi network can also be
    processed.
Information acquired through third parties:
You can decide to register via social networks:
when you do this for example through social networks (for example,
    Facebook) we automatically collect some data, such as personal data (name,
    surname) and other data that you import from the relevant social network
    (country, phone number, city, e-mail address, profile photo if any). This
    data is imported for the sole purpose of facilitating registration to the
    App. To find out more about how your data is being processed by the social
    network used, please refer to the privacy policy of the social network.
Information acquired through the connection and use of the
            connected appliance:
In the case of appliances equipped with connection technology (e.g. Wi-Fi),
    when you connect the device to the App and you are connected to the Wi-Fi
    network, or to other communication technology (such as NFC and/or
    Bluetooth), CHG receives some data regarding the operation and status of
    the connected appliance (e.g. on/off, presence of an error). This data is
    periodically sent to the CHG server.
CHG also collects and uses data about your use of the connected appliance
    (e.g. frequency of washing, use of the appliance, programme used, etc.),
    and the services of the App. To do this we use Yahoo's Flurry Analytics
    system and Google's Crashlytics.
We could also have access to the camera and/or the
library
of the
    smarthphone and/or tablet containing images and videos if you use the App
    for operations that involve its use, for example: scanning the code of the
    appliance connected during the first connection of the appliance, the
    display of the appliance during assistance if the display of some elements
    is useful to identify the problem and its resolution and the selection of
    the image for the creation of the profile, if you wish to add one. In any
    case, please note that such access will only take place under your direct
    supervision and will be limited to what is strictly necessary for that
    specific operation.
3.
WHY ARE YOUR DATA PROCESSED
The use of your personal data is necessary to allow you to use the App
    safely, to manage your appliance by displaying any details or notices, to
    provide assistance on the product and possible services related to it. We
    also want to be sure of the identity of the App user, protecting you from
    misuse by any unauthorized third parties.
It is important for us to know more about how our appliances are used to
    improve their performance, so as to offer you and other users services that
    are increasingly safer and in line with your expectations. To do this, we
    may also analyse the data in aggregate form and, with your consent, use
    this information to contact you and suggest products or services of the
    Candy Group, or our business partners (such as warranty extensions on the
    products).
4.
PURPOSES OF THE PROCESSING AND LEGAL BASIS
In this section we indicate the purposes for which we process your personal
    data and the conditions on which such processing is based.
A) To allow you to use the App, register your connected appliance and take
    advantage of the services and functions offered by its use, for assistance
    and maintenance purposes, to manage your profile, and thus provide the
    services you requested. For these purposes your consent is not required, as
    the legal basis is identified in the execution of the contract and any
    pre-contractual measures.
B) To send you notices by regular mail about products or services of the
    Candy group, or our business partners (such as warranty extensions) related
    to our products that we think are of interest to you based on your purchase
    preferences and on the use of the product. We process your data, based on
    our legitimate interest, because we want to stay in touch with you to offer
    you products and services that may interest you. You may object to such
    processing at any time by contacting us at the addresses above and below.
C) To send you commercial and promotional communications for CHG products
    and possibly other companies in the Candy group, by automated means such as
    e-mail, text messages,
push
or
in-app
notifications
,
as well as by operator calls, to carry out market
    research and surveys to detect the degree of customer satisfaction with
    regard to the products and assistance received, to invite you to
    initiatives and events organized by CHG. For this purpose, data processing
    occurs with your consent, which is therefore the legal basis for the
    processing. You may revoke your consent in the manner set out below.
We want to be sure to send you only communications that are of interest to
    you and therefore we will contact you only with offers or communications
    that are suitable to your profile, according to your habits of use of the
    connected appliance and services offered through the App, e.g.
    communications relating to accessories, spare parts when we believe they
    may need to be replaced due to wear, or other products useful for the
    better functioning of the connected appliance). We believe that this
    activity is in the mutual interest. If you do not wish to receive these
    communications, please contact us at the above addresses.
D) With your consent, to measure your user experience and obtain
    information about your use of the App through Yahoo's
Flurry
system and Google's
Crashlytics
. In this way, we can understand
    how to improve the performance of the connected appliance and the service
    offered. For more information, please visit the websites of the respective
    manufacturers. For this purpose, your consent is required, which is
    therefore the legal basis for the processing.
5.
DO I HAVE TO PROVIDE DATA?
For some operations and purposes of processing, we need your data. In other
    cases, you are free to choose whether or not to let us have your data.
5.1 NATURE OF DATA PROVISION
The provision of data for the purposes referred to in paragraph 4 letter
A)
(marked as such in the registration
form
) is
    necessary, otherwise it will not be possible to create the user profile,
    register the connected appliance, take full advantage of all the features
    of the App and the connected appliance and receive assistance for the same.
The provision of data for the purposes referred to in paragraph 4 letters
B),
C) and D)
is optional, failing which,
    you can still use the assistance services and features of the App referred
    to in letter
A)
.
6.
HOW WE PROCESS YOUR DATA
We will process your data primarily through recording, extraction, analysis
    and archiving tools protected with systems that offer security guarantees
    in line with industry standards. We process and store your data only for
    the time necessary for us to carry out the above activities described in
    point 4 and we adopt technical-organizational solutions for the
    cancellation of data once these activities have been completed.
6.1 PROCESSING AND STORAGE METHODS
We will process your data mainly using computer systems and analysis tools
    by authorised personnel trained by CHG. We take measures to ensure the
    application of the principles of fairness, loyalty and transparency
    provided by the applicable legislation on the protection of personal data
    (including the Regulation), protecting your privacy through technical and
    organisational security measures that ensure an adequate level of security.
The data will be kept for the period of time strictly necessary for the
    purposes for which they were collected and subsequently processed, without
    prejudice to any specific time limits imposed by any commercial or civil
    law. For the fulfilment of the obligations relating to the producer's
    responsibility for the safety of the product, your data will be retained a
    period not exceeding 10 years.
For the purposes of paragraph 4 letters
C)
and
D)
, the data will be stored in our databases (e.g.
customer relationship management -
CRM -) until the revocation of
    consent (or opposition to profiling activities, if applicable) and, in any
    case, within the maximum time limits possibly provided for by applicable
    law. Profiling data will be retained for no longer than 2 years. If you
    deactivate your profile connected to the connected appliance, the data
    concerning your personal profile will be deleted from our systems. The data
    relating to the use of the connected appliance, on the other hand, will be
    anonymised by eliminating links to your profile and will be used by CHG for
    its own analysis activities and statistics.
7.
WHO ARE YOUR DATA SHARED WITH
In order to guarantee the functioning of the App and the services connected
    to it, CHG uses third parties called upon to carry out specific services on
    behalf of CHG. On the basis of specific contractual obligations imposed by
    CHG, access by these subjects to the data is limited to the processing
    operations strictly necessary to allow you to use the App and the services
    provided by CHG. These persons act as data processors and may be called
    upon to respond directly in civil and administrative matters if they
    process the data in a way that does not comply with the instructions
    received.
7.1 SCOPE OF COMMUNICATION AND DISCLOSURE
Without prejudice to communications made in compliance with legal and
    contractual obligations, your data may be communicated to personnel
    authorised by CHG, or by third parties operating on behalf of and on the
    instructions of CHG itself as data processors, including companies that
    provide assistance and support for the maintenance, operation and
    after-sales service of the connected appliance, including the company GIAS
    S.r.l. of the Candy group that offers technical assistance on registered
    products and may access information relating to any anomalies or
    malfunctions reported by the products.
CHG also uses suppliers who offer data hosting services for data collected
    through the App in their data centres, as well as companies who offer
    technical support and who take care of the development of the App and who
    can access the data to provide support services in the event of
    malfunctions or data migration. Additional providers are used to provide
    the voice interaction service that allows you to communicate via the App
    with your connected appliance.
In addition, for specific requirements related to the location of the
    servers of CHG and/or its suppliers, CHG also uses suppliers located in
    third countries outside the European Union for the provision of services
    (including telephone support and hosting services); these suppliers operate
    on behalf and upon instructions of CHG as data processors. In such case,
    CHG undertakes to ensure an adequate level of protection and safeguard,
    including the conclusion of standard contractual clauses. If you wish to
    obtain a copy of the safeguards used, please contact us on one of the
    addressed provided above. For the data recorded in the CRM, CHG reports
    that such supplier has adhered to the Privacy Shield.
In case of consent to the processing of data for marketing purposes, your
    data may also be processed by marketing agencies, or other companies, such
    as data processor for CHG, for purposes relating to the management and
    delivery of business information (via e-mail, phone call through operator),
    market research or other promotional activities, such as competitions and
    prize-awarding events.
For more information about those data processers who process your data on
    behalf of CHG, you can write to CHG to the e-mail address
data.protection@candy-group.com
.
In addition, in the performance of its normal business activities, your
    data may be disclosed to professionals, consulting firms, competent
    authorities (in compliance with legal obligations) or other entities that
    operate as data controllers, such as individual companies associated with
    and/or controlled by the Candy Group, located in the European Union, which
    provide assistance services and maintenance of the connected appliance, or
    e-commerce service.
In the event that CHG is involved in corporate transactions, including
    extraordinary transactions, if necessary for the purposes of the relevant
    assessments, the data may be disclosed to the data subjects involved in
    such transactions (for example, our counterparties) and to the
    professionals who support CHG or our counterparties in the conduct of such
    transactions.
CHG may aggregate the data collected through the use of the App (preventing
    the association with your personal data and your identification) and share
    such data with its partners or other third parties (e.g. universities) for
    research purposes (including to improve the products of CHG). This data may
    also be used after you have deactivated your profile or stopped using the
    services of the App.
CHG uses platforms for sending newsletters and promotional communications
    with reports, directly or through its partners or other third parties.
    Thanks to the reports, CHG will be able to know, in aggregate, for example:
    whether the e-mails were delivered and not; who opened an e-mail or clicked
    on a single link, for statistical purposes only, to evaluate the
    effectiveness of the promotional campaign.
8.
WHICH RIGHTS DOES THE LAW RECOGNISE TO YOU AND HOW CAN YOU EXERCISE
        THEM
The law gives you the right to control how your data is processed, and to
    limit, if necessary, the use of your data. You can exercise these rights at
    any time and free of charge by contacting our company and writing to the
    addresses indicated at the beginning. CHG will do everything necessary to
    facilitate the exercise of your rights.
8.1 RIGHTS OF THE DATA SUBJECTS
Pursuant to Articles 15 and following of the Regulation you have the right
    to:
receive confirmation of the existence of your personal data, access the
        content and obtain a copy
(right of access)
;
update, modify and/or correct your personal data
(right of correction)
;
request the cancellation or limitation of the processing of personal
        data in the cases provided for by the Regulations, including the case
        in which the data was processed in violation of the law or if it is not
        necessary to keep any data in relation to the purposes for which data
was collected or otherwise processed
(right to cancellation and right to limitation)
;
revoke consent, if given, at any time and without prejudice to the
lawfulness of processing based on consent given before revocation (
right of revocation of consent);
within the limits of the provisions of the Regulation, to receive a
        copy of the data provided by you in a structured format, commonly used
        and readable by an automatic device and to request that such data be
transmitted to another data controller if technically feasible
(right to data portability);
you also have the right to oppose the processing in cases where it is
        provided for by the Regulation
(right of opposition
).
You can exercise your rights at any time by sending an email to
data.protection@candy-group.com
or by writing to
Candy Hoover Group S.r.l.
Via Privata Eden Fumagalli
20861 Brugherio (MB), Italy
For the attention of Data Protection Officer
.
If you believe that your data has not been processed in accordance with the
    law or there is a dispute about its use, you can complain to the
    Supervisory Authority of the member state where you reside, work, or where
    the alleged breach occurred.
You can also uninstall the App at any time. Please note that even if you do
    not use the App, uninstall the App or deactivate your profile, the
    connected appliance will continue to record data and send it to the CHG
    server.
If you do not want CHG to collect data sent periodically to CHG's servers,
    contact us at the above addresses for further instructions and support
    regarding the reset of your connected appliance model.
9. FURTHER USEFUL INFORMATION
The App contains links to third-party sites (for example, Amazon, if you
    decide to use the
dash b
utton).
We have no control over
    the processing of your personal data on these sites. Therefore, we invite
    you to take a look at the privacy notice available on the sites themselves.
10. UPDATES ON THE PRIVACY NOTICE
This privacy notice may be updated over time. Please visit this section
    periodically to view any changes. In case of significant changes we will in
    any case notify you on the site or by email, as deemed most appropriate by
    CHG.
30/04/2019