Information
Moneon — Privacy policy
Moneon — Privacy Policy
Last Updated: November 27, 2023
Before using Moneon you are required to acquaint yourself with the Terms of Use (“ToS”) and this Privacy Policy (“Policy”). The Policy forms an integral part of the ToS and all definitions and names shall have the respective meaning defined therein. By downloading, installing, using or otherwise accessing Moneon, you are expressing your acceptance and willingness to be bound by the ToS, including the Policy. You may not use Moneon if you don't accept the ToS.
If you want to access features of Moneon application, you have to sign up and your Personal data is going to be processed. In order to be able to use Moneon, you are required to confirm your acceptance of the ToS, including this Policy, by choosing “I agree to the Terms of Service” when you are creating account (“Sign Up” process) in the application.
Personal data processing
You agree that your Personal Data, including your first name, last name, e-mail address, IP address, personal financial information (incomes and expenses) and location (collectively referred as “Personal Data”) may be processed by CleverPumpkin, with its registered office at Staroderevenskaya street 18-17, Saint-Petersburg, Russian Federation, 197372 (“Administrator“). The Administrator is in the position of a personal data controller.
You agree that you provide all your Personal Data voluntarily. However, provision of Personal Data is required for signing up and proper functioning of some of the Moneon features and related services.
You agree to provide accurate, truthful and current Personal Data and keep it up to date.
Purpose of the processing
The purpose of processing of your Personal Data under this Policy lies mainly in setting up and keeping your Moneon account and ensuring features like e.g. server synchronization or sharing your content with other users based on your decision. However, Administrator may also process your Personal Data to communicate with you, extract anonymous data, provide you with personalized financial advice or commercial offers, for marketing and advertising purposes or in order to improve your experience and further develop Moneon.
Term of the processing
Personal Data is being processed under this Policy while you use the Moneon account and until your consent to the processing is withdrawn and the account deleted.
Transfers and disclosures
Your Personal Data may always be processed for Administrator by third parties, however only for the purposes specified in this Policy, on a basis of written agreement and under statutory and legal conditions.
Administrator does not transfer or disclose your Personal Data to third parties other than appointed data processors, unless you have agreed otherwise under this Policy or except as required by the applicable laws.
Sharing your Personal Data with other users of Moneon is completely under your control.
Information, correction and deletion
You hereby acknowledge that you are entitled to withdraw your consent to the processing of your Personal Data at any time, you have the right to access, correct or discard your Personal Data or remove them if misleading. Furthermore, you are entitled to contact the Provider in writing with any complaint concerning the processing of your Personal Data and, in case of dissatisfaction with the answer, consult the Office for Personal Data Protection of the Russian Federation.
Your consent to the processing of your Personal Data may only be withdrawn by sending written notice to the address of the Administrator or to the e-mail of the Administrator. If your consent to Personal Data processing is withdrawn, the Administrator will delete your Moneon account with the consequences set out in the ToS.
Communication and Offers
You hereby agree that the Administrator may use the Personal Data provided by you to send commercial offers and communication with respect to Moneon, related services or services of business partners associated with the Administrator. You may withdraw this consent at any time by switch off the “Promo offers” section in the Moneon application (Application → Settings → Profile Settings → E-mail notifications).
Technical and Anonymous Data
You hereby agree that Administrator may collect and use technical data, including but not limited to information about your mobile device and system, Internet connection or your use of Moneon application. The purpose of the collection of technical data is to ensure quality, increase your comfort and further analyse and develop Moneon and related services.
You also agree that Administrator may anonymize your Personal Data, where possible, and use the anonymous data at its sole discretion for any purpose, particularly for creating anonymous analyses and statistics.
Both, technical and anonymous data is stored separately from the Personal Data and cannot be linked back to you in any way in order to identify you.
Data Breach Notification
If Administrator learns of a security systems breach, then we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. Administrator may post a notice on moneon.co if a security breach occurs. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing. To receive a free written notice of a security breach (or to withdraw your consent from receiving electronic notice) you should notify us at contact@moneon.co
The use of your data
Moneon website
Administrator does not store any financial information on our website and Administrator does not use customer profiling. Administrator uses Google Analytics to gather anonymized data which pages within website are the most popular, how accessible our website is, etc. Administrator does not sell or share this information with other parties. The data is anonymized and Administrator is unable to identify a particular customer based on it.
Moneon application
First and/or Last name
Administrator gets this data only when user create his first shared wallet. User can choose any name, it may be not user’s real name. This information is used to tag newly added transactions in the shared wallet.
E-mail address
Administrator gets e-mail address, when user performs sign up process in Moneon. E-mail address is the main identification of user in the Moneon services.
IP-address
Administrator gets IP-address when user performs any network request from the application Moneon with actions, which are necessary for correct work of web-server and data store.
Personal financial information
Administrator gets this information when user records any financial transactions. It contains: amount, currency, category, note, tag and so on. This information is used to provide financial analytics and reports only when user requests it with special actions in the application. Recording information about incomes and expenses is a core feature of the application Moneon.
Location
Some of the Moneon features may access and collect your current location data, including GPS coordinates or other similar information regarding the location of your device. Some features of Moneon may not function properly if use of location data is blocked or disabled.
Payment information
When you make purchases through Moneon, your credit card information and other data are not collected and stored by Administrator.
3-rd Parties
Administrator choses partners with confidence, that they respect customer privacy policy.
Adapty
Administrator uses Adapty as a system of purchase and license tracking service. Your e-mail address are used to identify user-specific information. Please, refer to Adapty
Privacy Policy
for more information how your data is handled by Adapty.
Rollbar
Administrator uses Rollbar as a system of error tracking and crash reporting service for web server. Your e-mail address and IP-address are used to identify user-specific crashes and errors. Please, refer to Rollbar
Privacy Policy
for more information how your data is handled by Rollbar.
Foursquare
Application Moneon uses Foursquare API to find venues around user’s location, while user can choose one of them to add as information to the recorded transaction. User’s current location is not tracked constantly. In the same time application does not forward any personal data to Foursquare, except GPS coordinates. User can disable location permission in the device settings. Please, refer to Foursquare
Privacy Policy
for more information.
SparkPost
Administrator uses SparkPost as a system to deliver newsletters to customers. Administrator will use user e-mail address only for purpose of sending to user Moneon-related news and announcements, that user has signed up for. User can opt-out and request to be deleted from the newsletter e-mail database at any time. Please, refer to SparkPost
Privacy Policy
for more information.
OneSignal
Administrator uses OneSignal as a service for Push-notifications delivery. OneSignal stores user personal data for creating segments and group for personal Push-notifications due to various triggers and conditions. User can disable Push-notifications in the application Settings or in the Device Settings. Please, refer to OneSignal
Privacy Policy
for more information.
Amplitude
Amplitude is a analytics system, which Administrator and application Moneon uses for product analytics and users behavior. Amplitude stores user personal data like IP-address and location, mainly to determine belonging to the specific country. Please, refer to Amplitude
Privacy Policy
for more information.
Loggly
Administrator uses Loggly as a service for log monitoring and log analysis. Service stores your personal data for only 7 days after the action took place, after that all logs will be deleted. Please, refer to Loggly
Privacy Policy
for more information.
DigitalOcean
DigitalOcean is a main cloud computing platform and storage of the application Moneon. All of user personal data is stored at DigitalOcean to perform account synchronizations and functionality of sharing user data with other users. User can request for deleting his account with personal data due to the Terms of Use conditions. Please, refer to DigitalOcean
Privacy Policy
for more information.
AppsFlyer
AppsFlyer is a mobile attribution and marketing analytics platform, that Administrator use to track sources of applications install source. AppsFlyer collects user IP-address to determine best attribution process. Please, refer to AppsFlyer
Data Privacy page
for more information.
Zendesk
When user sends a support request to our support e-mail or from within the application, user entire e-mail message and user e-mail address is parsed by Zendesk help-desk software in such a way that allows us to reply to your e-mail. Please, refer to Zendesk
Privacy Policy
for more information.
Firebase
Firebase is a system of various modules for developers. Administrator uses basic module for tracking basic events. Firebase may use user IP-address to determine country of user. Please, refer to Google
Privacy Policy
.
Contact information
CleverPumpkin
Address: Staroderevenskaya street 18-17, Saint-Petersburg, Russian Federation, 197372
privacy@moneon.co
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://adapty.io/policy/:
Adapty privacy policy
This Privacy Policy explains what personal data is collected when you visit or use the website located at:
https://adapty.io/
(the “Website”), the services and products provided through it (together with the Website, the “Service”), how such personal data will be processed.
1. Personal data controller
2. Categories of personal data we collect
3. For what purposes we process your personal data
4. Under what legal bases we process your personal data
5. With whom we share your personal data
6. How you can exercise your privacy rights
7. Age limitation
8. International data transfers
9. Data Privacy Frameworks
10. Changes to this privacy policy
11. California’s privacy rights
12. Data retention
13. How "do not track" requests are handled
14. Contact us
1. Personal data controller
Adapty Tech Inc.
, a company registered under the laws of the state of Delaware, having its registered office at 2093 Philadelphia Pike #9181 Claymont, DE 19703, USA will be the controller of your personal data.
2. Categories of personal data we collect
We collect data you give us voluntarily (for example, email address, payment details, contact details, such as phone number, country, company name, and your position). We also collect data automatically (for example, your IP address, information about your device, and unique identifiers of your device such as IDFA, AAID, IDFV, UUID).
See more...
2.1. Data you give us
If you decide to register a personal account on the website, we will ask you to provide an email address, that will be used for signing in to your personal account and informing you about our services, as well as your name, and company/app name. If you decide to register online to participate in the events or get a consultation (for example, to schedule a demo call with our team or sign up for the webinar organized by our team), we will additionally ask for your country, phone number, and position. We will also ask you to provide your payment details to enable you to create payment orders via your personal account.
2.2. Data we collect automatically:
We collect data about your referring app or URL (that is, the app or place on the Web where you were when you tapped/clicked on our ad).
2.2.2. Device and Location data
.
We collect data from your device. Examples of such data include: language settings, IP address, time zone, type and model of a device, device settings, device memory, operating system.
2.2.3. Advertising IDs
.
We collect your Universally Unique Identifier (“UUID”), Apple Identifier for Advertising (“IDFA”), Identifier for Vendor (“IDFV”) or Google Advertising ID (“AAID”) (depending on the operating system of your device) when you access the Website from a mobile device. You can typically reset these numbers through the settings of your device’s operating system (but we do not control this).
2.2.4. Transaction data
.
When you make payments through the Service, you need to provide financial account data, such as your credit card number, to our third-party service providers. We do not collect or store full credit card number data, though we may receive credit card-related data, data about the transaction, including: date, time and amount of the transaction, the type of payment method used.
2.2.5. Cookies
.
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. Cookies can be either session cookies or persistent cookies. A session cookie expires when you close your browser and is used to make it easier for you to navigate our Service. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. We also use tracking pixels that set cookies to assist with delivering online advertising. Cookies are used, in particular, to automatically recognize you the next time you visit our website. As a result, the information, which you have earlier entered in certain fields on the website may automatically appear the next time when you use our Service. Cookie data will be stored on your device and most of the times only for a limited time period.
3. For what purposes we process your personal data
We process your personal data:
3.1. To provide our Service
This includes enabling you to use the Website and Service in a seamless manner and preventing or addressing Service errors or technical issues.
See more...
To host personal data and enable our Service to operate and be distributed we use
Amazon Web Services
, which is a hosting and backend service provided by Amazon. Read more about Amazon’s approach to privacy in its
Privacy Policy
. To host personal data and enable our Service to operate and be distributed, we use
OVHcloud
, which is a hosting and backend service provided by OVH US LLC. Read more about OVH’s approach to privacy in its
Privacy Policy
.
3.2. To provide you with customer support
We process your personal data to respond to your requests for technical support, Service information, or to any other communication you initiate. For this purpose, we may send you, for example, notifications or emails about, the performance of our Service, security, payment transactions, notices regarding our Terms of Service, or this Privacy Policy.
3.3. To communicate with you regarding your use of our Service
We communicate with you, for example, by push notifications or by email. These may include reminders or other information about the Service. As a result, you will, for example, receive a push notification that a new feature has been deployed in the Service. To opt out of receiving push notifications, you need to change the settings on your device. To opt out of receiving emails, you should click the unsubscribe link in the footer of each email.
See more...
The services that we use for these purposes may collect data concerning the date and time when the message was viewed by our Service’s users, as well as when they interacted with it, such as by tapping/clicking on links included in the message.
Intercom
provides us with message and customer service tools, which enable us to communicate with you within the Service. Intercom uses your data to provide and fulfill its services (as set forth in their terms of service). Read more about Intercom’s approach to privacy in its
Privacy Policy
.
3.4. To research and analyze your use of the Service
This helps us to better understand our business, analyze our operations, maintain, improve, innovate, plan, design, and develop the Service and our new products. We also use such data for statistical analysis purposes, to test and improve our offers. This enables us to better understand what categories of users use our Services. As a consequence, we often decide how to improve the Service based on the results obtained from this processing.
See more...
We use
Facebook Analytics
, which is a service provided by Facebook that allows us to use different analytical tools. On Facebook Analytics we get, in particular, aggregated demographics and insights on how many people visit our Service, how often users make purchases, and other interactions. Learn more about Facebook’s approach to data from its
Privacy Policy
. To analyze how visitors use our Website and to measure effectiveness of some ads we use
Google Analytics
, a web analysis program of Google. In order to provide us with analytics, Google Analytics places cookies on your device. On Google Analytics we get, in particular, aggregated information on the data you enter on our Website and users’ interactions within the Website. Along with Google Analytics we use
Google Tag Manager
. You can read more about how Google Tag Manager deals with data privacy and security
here
. Google allows you to influence the collection and processing of information generated by the Google, in particular, by installing a browser plug-in, available here. You can read more about how Google uses information
here
. On our Service, we also use
Yandex Metrica
, a web analytics service provided by Yandex. Yandex Metrica uses cookies to help us analyze how visitors use the Website. Yandex will use your data for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Website, compiling reports on Website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to the Website activity. In order to deactivate the data collection on the part of Yandex Metrica, you can use the browser add-on developed by Yandex. Learn more about how Yandex uses data in its
Privacy Policy
.
3.5. To send you marketing communications
We process your personal data for our marketing campaigns. As a result, you will receive information about our products, such as, for example, special offers or new features and products available on the Service. We may show you advertisements on our Service, and send you emails for marketing purposes. If you do not want to receive marketing emails from us, you can unsubscribe by following the instructions in the footer of the marketing emails.
3.6. To personalize our ads
We and our partners use your personal data to tailor ads and possibly even show them to you at the relevant time. For example, if you visited our Website, you might see ads of our products in your Facebook feed.
How to opt out or influence personalized advertising
iOS:
On your iPhone or iPad, go to Settings > Privacy > Apple Advertising and deselect Personalized Ads.
Android:
To opt out of ads on an Android device, go to Settings > Privacy > Ads and enable Opt out of Ads personalization. In addition, you can reset your advertising identifier in the same section (this also may help you to see less of personalized ads). To learn even more about how to affect advertising choices on various devices, please look at the information available
here
.
macOS:
On your MacBook, you can disable personalized ads: go to System Preferences > Security & Privacy > Privacy, select Apple Advertising, and deselect Personalized Ads.
Windows:
On your laptop running Windows 10, you shall select Start > Settings > Privacy and then turn off the setting for Let apps use advertising ID to make ads more interesting to you based on your app activity. If you have other Windows versions, please follow the steps
here
To learn even more about how to affect advertising choices on various devices, please look at the information available
here
.
In addition, you may get useful information and opt out of some interest-based advertising, by visiting the following links:
Network Advertising Initiative –
http://optout.networkadvertising.org
;
Digital Advertising Alliance –
http://optout.aboutads.info
;
Digital Advertising Alliance (Canada) –
http://youradchoices.ca/choices
;
Digital Advertising Alliance (EU) –
http://www.youronlinechoices.com
;
DAA AppChoices page –
http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices
.
Browsers:
It is also may be possible to stop your browser from accepting cookies altogether by changing your browser’s cookie settings. You can usually find these settings in the “options” or “preferences” menu of your browser. The following links may be helpful, or you can use the “Help” option in your browser.
Cookie settings in Internet Explorer
;
Cookie settings in Firefox
;
Cookie settings in Chrome
;
Cookie settings in Safari web
and
iOS
.
Google allows its users to
opt out of Google’s personalized ads
and to
prevent their data from being used by Google Analytics
.
See more...
We value your right to influence the ads that you see, thus we are letting you know what service providers we use for this purpose and how some of them allow you to control your ad preferences. We use
Facebook pixel
on the Service. Facebook pixel is a code placed on the Service collecting data that helps us track conversions from Facebook ads, build targeted audience and remarket to people who have taken some action on the Service (for example, made a purchase). We use
Facebook Advance Matching
to you optimize our Facebook ads to drive better results. We use
Facebook Ads Manager
together with
Facebook Custom Audience
,
which allows us to choose audiences that will see our ads on Facebook or other Facebook’s products (for example, Instagram). Through Facebook Custom Audience we may create a list of users with certain sets of data, such as an IDFA, choose users that have completed certain actions in the Service (for example, visited certain sections of the Service). As a result, we may ask Facebook to show some ads to a particular list of users. Because of that more of our ads may show up while you are using Facebook or other Facebook’s products (for example, Instagram). You may learn how to opt out of advertising provided to you through Facebook Custom Audience
here
. Facebook also allows its users to influence the types of ads they see on Facebook. To find how to control the ads you see on Facebook, please go
here
or adjust your ads settings on
Facebook
.
Google Ads
is an ad delivery service provided by Google that can deliver ads to users. In particular, Google allows us to tailor the ads in a way that they will appear, for example, only to users that have conducted certain actions with our Service (for example, show our ads to users who have made a purchase). Some other examples of events that may be used for tailoring ads include, in particular, visiting our Website. Google allows its users to
opt out of Google’s personalized ads
and to
prevent their data from being used by Google Analytics
. We use
Twitter Ads
provided by Twitter to deliver advertising. Twitter Ads allows us to choose specific audiences based on geographic areas or user’s interests. As a result, we may ask Twitter to deliver our ads to a certain list of users. Twitter allows you
to opt-out its internet-based advertising
. Please also see the
Privacy Policy
of Twitter. We use
AdRoll Ads
to deliver advertising. AdRoll Ads allows us to choose specific audiences based on geographic areas or user’s interests.  Please also see the
Privacy Policy
of
AdRoll
.
3.7. To process your payments
We provide paid products and/or services within the Service. For this purpose, we use third-party services for payment processing (for example, payment processors). As a result of this processing, you will be able to make a payment and we will be notified that the payment has been made.
We will not store or collect your payment card details ourselves. This information will be provided directly to our third-party payment processors.
To enable the purchase and to process your payments we use
Stripe
, the payment processing provider. To understand how Stripe deals with your data please read their
Privacy Policy
.
3.8. To enforce our Terms and Conditions of Use and to prevent and combat fraud
We use personal data to enforce our agreements and contractual commitments, to detect, prevent, and combat fraud. As a result of such processing, we may share your information with others, including law enforcement agencies (in particular, if a dispute arises in connection with our Terms of Service).
3.9. To comply with legal obligations
We may process, use, or share your data when the law requires it, in particular, if a law enforcement agency requests your data by available legal means.
4. Under what legal bases we process your personal data
In this section, we are letting you know what legal basis we use for each particular purpose of processing. For more information on a particular purpose, please refer to Section 3. This section applies only to EEA-based users.
We process your personal data under the following legal bases:
4.1. Your consent;
Under this legal basis, we will send you marketing communications and use cookies. You have the right to withdraw your consent any time by using the unsubscribe link in the footer of our emails. We will also send you push notifications if you allow us to. You can disable notifications any time in the settings of your device.
4.2. To perform our contract with you;
Under this legal basis, we:
Provide our Service (in accordance with our Terms of Service);
Customize your experience;
Provide you with customer support;
Communicate with you regarding your use of our Service;
Process your payments.
4.3. For our (or others’) legitimate interests, unless those interests are overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms that require protection of personal data;
We rely on legitimate interests:
to communicate with you regarding your use of our Service
This includes, for example, sending you an email or push notification to notify you that we have released a new product or reminding to finish a purchase. The legitimate interest we rely on for this purpose is our interest to encourage you to use our Service more often.
to research and analyze your use of the Service
Our legitimate interest for this purpose is our interest in improving our Service so that we understand users’ preferences and are able to provide you with a better experience (for example, to make the use of the Service easier and more enjoyable, or to introduce and test new features).
to send you marketing communications
The legitimate interest we rely on for this processing is our interest to promote our Service, including new products and special offers, in a measured and appropriate way.
to personalize our ads
The legitimate interest we rely on for this processing is our interest to promote our Service in a reasonably targeted way.
to enforce our
Terms of Service
and to prevent and combat fraud
Our legitimate interests for this purpose are enforcing our legal rights, preventing and addressing fraud and unauthorized use of the Service, and non-compliance with our Terms of Service.
4.4. To comply with legal obligations.
5. With whom we share your personal data
We share information with third parties that help us operate, provide, improve, integrate, customize, support, and market our Service. We may share some sets of personal data, in particular, for purposes and with parties indicated in
section 3 of this Privacy Policy
. The types of third parties we share information with include, in particular:
5.1. Service provider
We share personal data with third parties that we hire to provide services or perform business functions on our behalf, based on our instructions. We may share your personal information with the following types of service providers:
cloud storage providers (Amazon, Google, OVH);
data analytics providers (Facebook, Google);
communication service providers (Intercom);
marketing partners (in particular, social media networks, marketing agencies; Facebook, Google, Twitter, AdRoll);
payment service providers (Stripe).
5.2. Law enforcement agencies and other public authorities
We may use and disclose personal data to enforce our Terms of Service, to protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you, or others, and to respond to requests from courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies, and other public and government authorities, or in other cases provided for by law.
5.3. Third parties as part of a merger or acquisition
As we develop our business, we may buy or sell assets or business offerings. Customers’ information is generally one of the transferred business assets in these types of transactions. We may also share such information with any affiliated entity (e.g., parent company or subsidiary) and may transfer such information in the course of a corporate transaction, such as the sale of our business, a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.
6. How you can exercise your privacy rights
To be in control of your personal data, you have the following rights:
Accessing/reviewing/updating/correcting your personal data.
You may review, edit, or change the personal data that you had previously provided on the Website by sending us an email at
support@adapty.io
.
You may also request a copy of your personal data collected during your use of the Website at
support@adapty.io
.
Deleting your personal data.
You can request the erasure of your personal data as permitted by law by sending us an email at
support@adapty.io
.
When you request the deletion of your personal data, we will use reasonable efforts to honor your request. In some cases, we may be legally required to keep some of the data for a certain time; in such an event, we will fulfill your request after we have complied with our obligations.
Objecting to or restricting the use of your personal data.
You can ask us to stop using all or some of your personal data or limit our use thereof by sending a request to
support@adapty.io
.
Additional information for EEA-based users:
If you are based in the EEA, you have the following rights in addition to the above:
The right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
We would love you to contact us directly at
support@adapty.io
, so we could address your concerns. Nevertheless, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a competent data protection supervisory authority, in particular in the EU Member State where you reside, work, or where the alleged infringement has taken place.
The right to data portability.
If you wish to receive your personal data in a machine-readable format, you can send a respective request to us at
support@adapty.io
.
7. Age limitation
We do not knowingly process personal data from persons under 18 years of age. If you learn that anyone younger than 18 has provided us with personal data, please contact us at
support@adapty.io
.
8. International data transfers
We may transfer personal data to countries other than the country in which the data was originally collected in order to provide the Service set forth in the Terms of Service and for purposes indicated in this Privacy Policy. If these countries do not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the information, we deploy special safeguards.
In particular, if we transfer personal data originating from the EEA to countries with not adequate level of data protection, we use one of the following legal bases: (i) Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission (details available
here)
, or (ii) the European Commission adequacy decisions about certain countries (details available
here
).
9. Data Privacy Frameworks
Adapty Tech Inc. (“Adapty”) employs various legal instruments for the legitimate transfer of personal data from the European Union, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland to jurisdictions beyond these territories. Adapty complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Adapty has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Adapty has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
Under each Data Privacy Framework, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission has the power to enforce rules on Adapty. In certain situations, Adapty might have to share personal data if asked by government authorities, especially for reasons related to national security or law enforcement.
Adapty is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives or subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf unless Adapty proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. Adapty complies with onward transfer liability provisions in the Data Privacy Framework Principles.
Individuals may exercise their right to request access, review, correction, updating, or deletion of their personal data under our stewardship via email
support@adapty.io
.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Adapty commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU and UK individuals and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact Adapty at:
data-protection@adapty.io
.
If we do not resolve your complaint, Adapty cooperates with panels established by the European Union data protection authorities (“DPAs”), the United Kingdom Information Commissioner’s Office (“ICO”), and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (“FDPIC”), who will hear such complaints. You may also have a right to invoke binding arbitration for unresolved complaints.
10. Changes to this privacy policy
We may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we decide to make material changes to this Privacy Policy, you will be notified by available means such as email and will have an opportunity to review the revised Privacy Policy. By continuing to access or use the Service after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.
11. California’s privacy rights
California’s Shine the Light law gives California residents the right to ask companies once a year what personal information they share with third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes. Learn more about what is considered to be
personal information under the statute
.
To obtain this information from us, please send an email message to
support@adapty.io
which includes “Request for California Privacy Information” in the subject line and your state of residence and email address in the body of your message. If you are a California resident, we will provide the requested information to you at your email address in response.
12. Data retention
We will store your personal data for as long as it is reasonably necessary for achieving the purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy (including providing the Service to you). We will also retain and use your personal data as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
13. How "do not track" requests are handled
Except as otherwise stipulated in this Privacy Policy, this Service does not support “Do Not Track” requests. To determine whether any of the third-party services it uses honor the “Do Not Track” requests, please read their privacy policies.
14. Contact us
You may contact us at any time for details regarding this Privacy Policy and its previous versions. For any questions concerning your account or your personal data please contact us at
support@adapty.io
.
Effective as of April 17, 2024.
Company
Why Adapty?
About us
Careers
Contact us
Terms
Privacy policy
Data protection
SOC 2 compliance
System status
Become a partner
Product
Adapty Life
Why Adapty?
Product changelog
System status
Comparisons
Tech
Subscriptions SDK
Subscribers sync
Fallback paywalls
Refund Saver
Analytics
Revenue analytics
LTV analytics
AI LTV and revenue predictions
Paywalls
No-code Builder
A/B testing
Targeting
Localizations
Remote config
Solution
By Role
For developers
For marketers
For app owners
By Stage
Indie
Startups
Publishers
Enterprise
By Case
Integrate IAP/subscriptions
Grow subscription revenue
Analyze revenue performance
Resources
Learn
Learn
Blog
Podcasts
Glossary
Ebooks
Connect
Connect
Community
Webinars
Events
Careers
Discover
Discover
Documentation
Paywall A/B testing guide
Subscription calculator
Apple receipt validation
Apple fiscal calendar 2025
LTV prediction model
Paywall library
Paywall newsletter
Comparing alternatives
Ebooks
Ebooks
Scale your app from $1K to $10K MRR
Design a mobile paywall to boost subs
View all ebooks
Research
Research
2024 holiday insights for subscription apps
State of in-app subscriptions 2024
State of in-app subscriptions in the US 2023
State of Android in-app subscriptions 2022
State of iOS in-app subscriptions 2021
Compare
Compare
RevenueCat
Purchasely
Qonversion
In-house development
View all comparisons
Integrations
Adjust
Airbridge
Amazon S3
Amplitude
AppMetrica
Apple Search Ads
AppsFlyer
Asapty
Branch
Braze
Facebook Ads
Firebase
Google Cloud Storage
Google Analytics
Mixpanel
OneSignal
PostHog
Pushwoosh
SplitMetrics
Stripe
Tenjin
Webhook
View all integrations
Subscriptions SDK
iOS
Android
React Native
Unity
Flutter
FlutterFlow
Web
Stripe
Case Studies
View all case studies
Pepapp
How to make Adapty for free
Fotorama
How to decrease the refund rate with Adapty
Wave
From $0 to $4M ARR in 8 months
Impala
Migrated to Adapty from a competitor
ABBYY
+58.5% to the annual subscription revenue
Moonly
Scale an app to 6-figure MRR
Prosto
+30% revenue from an A/B test
Union Apps
Leading apps to millions of dollars
SocialKit
Doubled MRR with A/B testing
Avatarify
№1 app that was built as a joke
Docs
Documentation
Quick start
Migrate to Adapty
Platform status page
Support Center
All docs
Mobile SDK
iOS
Android
Flutter
React Native
Unity
Web SDK
Stripe
FlutterFlow
API
Web API
Pricing
Blog
Sub-policy 1
https://rollbar.com/privacy/:
Rollbar Docs
Overview
Languages and Frameworks
Directory
Apple
Apple Unified Logging
Legacy iOS SDK (Deprecated)
Go
Javascript (Browser & Node.js)
Browser JS
Node.js
React
React (Typescript)
Angular 2
Vue.js
Next.js
Using Rollbar.js inside an embedded component
Upgrading from node_rollbar
JavaScript Telemetry
Configuration and Method Reference
Importing or Requiring Rollbar
Java
Android
Spring
Web (Servlet)
Reactive Streams
.NET and .NET Core
SDK Overview
SDK Modules
SDK Core Abstractions
SDK Usage How-Tos
.NET v4
SDK Overview
Rollbar .NET SDK Versioning & Releases
Upgrade paths across incompatible version changes
Basic Usage
Logger Configuration
More Advanced Logger Usages
.NET Telemetry
Monitoring the SDK Internal Events
Deployment Client API
Integrating as a TraceListener
Integrating with ASP.NET Core 2 and Newer
Integrating with ASP.NET MVC
Integrating with ASP.NET Web Forms based Applications
Integrating with Xamarin
Integrating with Windows Forms based Applications
Integrating with WPF based Applications
Integrating with WorkerServices
Integrating as a TraceListener
Integrating with WPF based Applications
Integrating with Windows Forms based Applications
Integrating with Xamarin Forms Application
Integrating with WorkerService
Integrating with Blazor Webassembly application
Integrating with Blazor Server application
Integrating with ASP.NET Core Application
Integrating with ASP.NET MVC
Integrating with ASP.NET Web Forms based Applications
PHP
Basic PHP Installation & Setup
Heroku
Laravel
WordPress
Configuration Reference
Integration with rollbar.js
Upgrading to v4
Python
Celery
Django
FastAPI
Flask
Pyramid
Configuration Reference
React Native
Legacy v0.9.3 SDK
Migrating to v1.0.0
Ruby
Plain Ruby
Rails
Integration with rollbar.js
Using with Zeus
Using with rollbar-agent
ActiveJob Integration
DelayedJob Integration
Sidekiq Integration
Configuration Reference
Plugins
Community-Supported SDKs
Java Community-Supported Frameworks
Scala
Logback
Log4j2
Gradle
Javascript Community-Supported Frameworks
AWS Lambda
Browserify
UMD
Electron
Sails.js
Segment
Browser Extensions
JQuery
Angular 1
PHP Community-Supported Frameworks
Monolog
Zend Framework 3
Symfony
Magento 2
CodeIgniter
Python Community-Supported Frameworks
Twisted
Starlette
Bottle
AWS Lambda
Ruby Community-Supported Frameworks
AWS Lambda
Shoryuken Integration
sucker_punch Integration
Resque Integration
Goalie
Rack
Sinatra
Grape
Salesforce Apex
Sync and Async Logging Methods
Reporting Uncaught Errors
Test Mocks
Upgrading from < 1.10.0
AutoIT
Flutter
Clojure
ColdFusion
Cordova
Crystal
Dart
Elixir
Erlang
Fastlane
Flash / ActionScript3
Haskell
Lisp
Meteor
NestJS
perl
R
Rust
Log Ingestion
Rollbar Agent
Fluentd
Logstash
Mailgun
Proxying Requests
Setting the API Endpoint
JSON Proxy
App Guide
Trying Rollbar with the Error Simulator
Setting up Rollbar
Users, Teams, and Accounts
Projects
Environments
Rollbar Terminology
Rate Limits
Enable Code Context in a Traceback
Terraform
User Settings
Best Practices
SDK Configurations
Account Configurations
Project Configurations
Grouping (Reducing Noise)
Default Grouping Algorithm
Manually Merging Items
Custom Fingerprinting Rules
Configurable file path canonicalization
Working with Rollbar Items
Item Status (The Rollbar Workflow)
Item Snooze
Item Levels
Item Owner
Resolve in version
Resolve via commits
Automatically Resolving Items
IP History
Searching for Items
Searchable Fields
Timestamps
Viewing Rollbar Occurrence Data
Item Detail Page Overview Video
Item Summarization
Saved Views
Related Items
Securing your Rollbar Account
Data Retention
Encryption at Rest
Enterprise Advanced Security Controls
SAML Identity Providers
SCIM - Users and Teams Provisioning
Two Factor Authentication
Rollbar IP Addresses
Okta
OneLogin
Tips & Tricks
Reduce Noisy Javascript Errors
Unknown(Script Error)
Send Log Messages to Rollbar
Hiding Third Party Code
Filtering Javascript Errors by Language
Filter or Ignore Errors from Bots
UUIDs
IP Blocklist
Adding Additional Data to the Occurrence
Decision Support with Versions API
Disabling Feature Flags
Managing Rollbar across an Organization
Latest SDK Versions
Rollbar configuration in the build/deployment process
Metrics API Code Examples
Metrics API Occurrence Query Examples
Deleting items & occurrences
Download items & occurrences
Avoiding billing surprises
Custom Fields for Jira Issue Tracking
Sending Rollbar Webhooks (Nearly) Anywhere
Guides
Enable GitHub Organization Access for Rollbar
Error Grouping Best Practices
How Rollbar helps ensure Low-Risk Releases
Rollbar as a tool for DevOps Teams
Manage Rollbar automatically through the Rollbar Terraform Provider
Finding items by UUID
Using Zapier to create Zendesk tickets
Rollbar Solutions: Enabling Support Teams
Intelligent alerting helps you stay on top of critical errors and reduce noise in your notification channels
Introducing Automation-Grade Grouping
Reduce noise with the help of Slack notifications integration
Jira integration best practices
Improve your Error Grouping with the help of Rollbar
Source Map Troubleshooting
Preventing Client-Side Access Token Abuse
Disable Two Factor Authentication
Hiding Third-Party Code
Filtering Javascript errors by language
Billing in Rollbar
Personal vs. Organization Accounts
Manual merging vs. Custom fingerprints
Streamline your items workflow
Auto-upgrading in Rollbar
Could not compare commits between SHAs
Get more insights and control over your errors
"There was a problem trying to connect to your Asana account." message appears
Sending Rollbar Notifications to Discord
Billing FAQs
Slack Notification Practical Examples
Feature Reference
Dashboard
Issue Tracking Integration
Asana
Azure DevOps
Bitbucket Issues
Shortcut
GitHub Issues
GitLab Issues
Jira
Pivotal
Sprintly
Trello
Notifications / Alerting
AlertOps
Datadog
Flowdock
OpsGenie
PagerDuty
Rootly
Slack
Spike.sh
VictorOps
Webex Teams
Webhooks
Zenduty
Adaptive Alerts
Path Filter
Project Access Tokens
People Tracking
Version Tracking
Deploy Tracking
Ansible
Bash
Bitbucket Pipelines
Buddy
Capistrano
CircleCI
Codeship
Engine Yard
Fabric
GitHub Actions
Heroku
Jenkins
Octopus Deploy
PowerShell
Split.io
Other tools
Source Control Integration
Bitbucket
GitHub
GitLab
Service Links
Source Maps
Source Map Errors
Telemetry
JavaScript Telemetry
iOS Telemetry
.NET Telemetry
Node.js Telemetry
Analyze
RQL
Improve
Rollbar REST API
Usage
More Integrations
DevCycle
GrowthBook
Bird Eats Bug
DataGrail
Fivetran
FullStory
LogRocket
Help Scout
PlayerZero.app
PostHog
Scout
Segment
Selenium
Splunk Observability
Zipy.ai
LaunchDarkly
All Quiet - Incident Management
Policy and Legal
Billing
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Responsible Disclosure Policy
Security & Compliance Policy
Rollbar & CCPA
Rollbar & GDPR
Data Processing Addendum
Data Subprocessors
Data Transfer Impact Assessment
DMCA Notice
Updates - Terms of Service
Terms of Service
Terms of Service
Terms of Service
Terms of Service
Terms of Service
Terms of Service
Effective: October 2, 2024
This Privacy Policy describes how and when Rollbar collects, uses and shares your information when you use our Services. Rollbar receives your information through our various websites, APIs, email notifications, integrations, and applications (the
"Services"
) and from our partners and other third parties. When using any of our Services you consent to the collection, transfer, manipulation, storage, disclosure and other uses of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. Irrespective of which country you reside in or supply information from, you authorize Rollbar to use your information in the United States and any other country where Rollbar operates.
All capitalized terms that are not defined herein have the meanings given them in the Rollbar Terms of Service at
https://docs.rollbar.com/docs/terms-of-service
. If your access to the Services is granted subject to a Master Services Agreement or other agreement entered into by you and Rollbar (in either case, an
“Alternative Agreement”
), that Alternative Agreement may have modified the Privacy Policy below. Please contact for details.
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
privacy@rollbar.com
.
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
We collect and use the following information to provide, improve, and protect our Services:
Information You Provide:
Basic Account Information.
We ask you to log in and provide certain personal information (such as your email address, username, and password) in order to be able to save your profile and the accounts, projects, and other data associated with it.
Payment and Billing Information.
We also collect credit card or payment information for paid subscriptions. This information will be securely stored with a third party specialized in the handling of such information, such as a credit card payment gateway or other payment vendors.
Messages.
If you correspond with us, you may also provide us information when you respond to surveys, communicate with our engineering, sales, or support teams about a question regarding the Services, or post a question about your application or our Services in our public forums.
Telephone Information.
If we telephone you, or you telephone us, to discuss our Services, we may collect personal information from you, including your name, company name, business address, phone number, job title, email address, whether you use the Services, information about your business needs, the number of users of our Services you require, and, if you telephoned us, how you heard about us, and any other information you choose to share with us by telephone.
Information We Collect Automatically:
Device Information.
Like most online service providers, we collect information that web browsers, mobile devices, and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, IP address, unique device identifiers, language preference, referring site, the date and time of access, operating system, and mobile network information. Your devices (depending on their settings) may also transmit location information to the Services. We collect log information when you use our Services–for example, when you create or make changes to your account on the Services.
Usage Information.
We collect information related to how you use the Services, including actions you take in your account (like sharing, viewing, and moving files or folders). We use this information to improve our Services, develop new services and features, and protect our Users.
Location Information.
We may determine the approximate location of your device from your IP address. We collect and use this information to, for example, calculate how many people visit our Services from certain geographic regions.
Cookies and Similar Technologies.
We use technologies like cookies and pixel tags to provide, improve, protect, and promote our Services. A cookie is a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters that may uniquely identify your browser that lets us help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the Services. A cookie may also convey information to us about how you use the Services (e.g., the pages you view, the links you click, how frequently you access the Services, and other actions you take on the Services), and allow us to track your usage of the Services over time. You can set your browser to not accept cookies, but this may limit your ability to use the Services. Similarly, we may employ clear gifs (also known as web beacons) which are used to anonymously track your usage patterns on the Services, or place clear gifs in HTML-based emails we send you to track which emails are opened and which links you click. This information allows for more accurate reporting and improvement of the Services.
Information We Collect from Other Sources:
Authentication Services.
We allow Users with certain third-party accounts (currently Users who have GitHub, Google, Heroku, Okta, OneLogin, or Bitium accounts) to authenticate on the Services using those third-party accounts (each, an “Identity Provider”). If you authenticate on the Services using an Identity Provider, the Identity Provider may send us your registration or basic profile information on that service and other information that you authorize. This information enables us to authenticate you and improve the Services, and is deleted from Rollbar within 30 days of your disconnecting your Identity Provider account from the Services.
Third Party Analytics Services.
We may also receive information from third party services to help us better understand you and how you use our Services.
End Users.
We also process information about end users of our Users’ Products, on behalf of our Users and in accordance with our user agreements. Typically, the information we receive from an end user may include the end user’s name, email address, and device information, such as a description of the error or bug the end user experienced while using a Product provided by one of our Users, as well as any other information the User elects to share with us in the context of reporting or tracking the error experienced by an end user in a User’s Product. Please note that our processing of that information on behalf of our Users for their Products isn’t covered by this Privacy Policy. We encourage our Users to post a privacy policy that accurately describes their practices on data collection, use, and sharing of personal information.
Information Collected by Third Parties:
As noted above, sometimes we receive information about you from third party analytics service providers, such as Google, Intercom, Wootric, and other third party service providers. In order to gain useful insights, these analytics providers may set tracking technologies (like cookies) to collect information about your use of our Services and across other websites and online services. These technologies allow these third parties to recognize your device to compile information about you or others who use your device. This information allows us and other companies to, among other things, analyze and track usage, determine the popularity of certain features, and deliver features or content that may be more targeted to your needs. Please note this Privacy Policy only covers the collection of information by Rollbar and does not cover the collection of information by any third party advertisers or analytics providers. We cannot be responsible for how these third party cookies are used, and you should consult the privacy policies of these third parties for more information about how they use cookies.
Purposes for Collection:
We use information about you as mentioned above and for the purposes listed below:
To provide you the Services, including for example, reporting errors and bugs in your Products and billing you for the Services;
To maintain, monitor, and improve the Services by adding new features, sharing new use cases, or making the Services easier to use;
To monitor and analyze trends and better understand how you interact with our Services;
For our own internal benchmarking, for example, to measure, and gauge the effectiveness of the Services, our advertising of the Services, and to better understand user retention and attrition–for example, we may analyze how many individuals purchased a plan after receiving a marketing message or the features used by those who continue to use our Services after a certain length of time;
To prevent problems with our Services, protect the security of our Services, detect fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities, fight spam, and protect the rights and property of Rollbar and others, which may result in us declining a transaction or the use of our Services;
To personalize your experience using our Services, remember your preferences on the Services so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you use the Services, target our marketing messages to groups of our Users (for example, those who have a particular plan with us or have been our user for a certain length of time), to serve relevant advertisements; and
To communicate with you, for example through an email, about offers and promotions offered by Rollbar and others we think will be of interest to you, solicit your feedback, or keep you up to date on what we’re up to and our products. We give users the option to use some of our Services free of charge. These free Services are made possible by the fact that some users upgrade to one of our paid Services. If you register for our free Services, we will, from time to time, send you information about upgrades when permissible. For further information on your choices regarding your choices with regard to the use of your information for marketing purposes, see "Your Choices Regarding Your Information" below.
LEGAL BASIS FOR COLLECTING AND USING INFORMATION
We collect and use the personal data described above based on the following grounds:
The use is necessary in order to fulfill our commitments to you under our Terms of Service at
https://docs.rollbar.com/docs/terms-of-service
or other agreements with you or is necessary to administer your account–for example, in order to enable access to our Services on your device or charge you for a paid subscription; or
Compliance with a legal obligation necessitates the use; or
The protection of your vital interests or those of another person require the use; or
We have a legitimate interest in using your information–for example, to provide and update our Services, to improve our Services so that we can offer you an even better user experience, to safeguard our Services, to communicate with you, to measure, gauge, and improve the effectiveness of our advertising, and better understand user retention and attrition, to monitor and prevent any problems with our Services, and to personalize your experience; or
You have given us your consent.
INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE
We collect and use the personal data described above based on the following grounds:
Others Working with Rollbar.
We may share information about you within the United States and abroad, with third party vendors who need to know information about you in order to provide their services to us, or to provide their services to you. This group includes vendors that help us provide our Services to you, such as payment providers that process your credit and debit card information, fraud prevention services that allow us to analyze fraudulent payment transactions, postal and email delivery services that help us stay in touch with you, customer chat and email support services that help us communicate with you, those that assist us with our marketing efforts (e.g. by providing tools for identifying a specific marketing target group or improving our marketing campaigns), those that help us understand and enhance our Services (like analytics providers), and those that help us deliver our Services (like hosting and content delivery providers). We may share your private personal information with such service providers subject to confidentiality obligations consistent with this Privacy Policy, and on the condition that the third parties use your private personal data only on our behalf and pursuant to our instructions. Rollbar ensures that such recipients of your private personal data will offer an adequate level of protection, for instance by entering into an agreement with standard contractual clauses for the transfer of data as approved by the European Commission or, to the extent valid and available, by requiring that the recipients subscribe to the Data Privacy Framework Principles.
Other Users.
Our Services display information like your name, profile picture, and email address to other users in places like your user profile and sharing notifications. You can also share aspects of your Product with other users in certain forums and features of the Services intended to be public if you choose. When you register your Rollbar account with an email address on a domain owned by your employer, educational institution, or organization, we may help collaborators and administrators find you and your team by making some of your basic information—like your name, team name, profile picture, and email address—visible to other users on the same organization. This helps you sync up with teams you can join and helps other users share files and folders with you.
Account Administrators.
If your use of the Services is pursuant to an agreement entered into by your employer or other organization to which you belong, your administrator may have the ability to access and control your Rollbar team account. Please refer to your organization’s internal policies if you have questions about this.
Your Consent.
Certain features let you make additional information available to others.
Other Applications.
You can also give third-party providers access to your information and account—for example, via Rollbar APIs at
https://docs.rollbar.com/reference/getting-started-1
.  Just remember that their use of your information will be governed by their privacy policies and terms.
Law & Order and the Public Interest. Third parties as required to (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, subpoena/court order, legal process or other government request, (b) enforce our Terms of Service, including the investigation of potential violations thereof, (c) investigate and defend ourselves against any third party claims or allegations, (d) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Rollbar, its users or the public as required or permitted by law and (e) detect, prevent or otherwise address criminal (including fraud or stalking), security or technical issues.
Business Transfers and Affiliates.
In the event that Rollbar is involved in a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets, your information may be sold or transferred as part of that transaction. This Privacy Policy will apply to your information as transferred to the new entity. We may also disclose information about you to our corporate affiliates in order to help provide, understand, and improve our Services and our affiliates’ services.
Aggregated and De-Identified Information.
We may share information that has been aggregated or reasonably de-identified, so that the information could not reasonably be used to identify you. For instance, we may publish aggregate statistics about the use of our Services.
No Other Disclosures or Uses.
We will not (i) disclose your personal information to any third party that is not acting as an agent, under contract with us, to perform tasks on our behalf and under our instructions, or (ii) use your personal information for a purpose that is materially different from the purpose for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by you.
YOUR CHOICES REGARDING YOUR INFORMATION
Account Data.
All Rollbar account holders may review, update, correct or delete the personal information in their registration profile by logging into their account. Rollbar account holders may also contact us at
privacy@rollbar.com
to accomplish the foregoing or if you have additional requests or questions.
Access to Data Controlled by Our Users.
Rollbar has no direct relationship with the end users of our Users’ Products whose personal information is contained within the personal data processed by our Services. An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete personal information provided by our Users should direct their request the specific User. You may also contact us at
privacy@rollbar.com
if you have additional questions or concerns.
Marketing Communications.
If you do not wish to receive promotional emails, you can click the "unsubscribe" button on promotional email communications. If you opt out of promotional messages, we may still send you other messages, like those about your account and legal notices. We sometimes contact people who do not have a Rollbar account. For recipients in the EU, we or a third party will obtain consent before contacting you. If you receive an email and no longer wish to be contacted by Rollbar, you can unsubscribe and remove yourself from our contact list via the message itself.
Analytics Services.
As noted above, analytics providers may set tracking technologies (like cookies) to collect information about your use of the Services, and potentially your use of other websites and online services. For more information about how to manage and delete cookies, visit aboutcookies.org. For further information on what information is collected by analytics service providers and why, see "What We Collect and Why."
Set Your Browser to Reject Cookies.
At this time, Rollbar does not respond to “do not track” signals across all of our Services. However, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies before using the Services, with the drawback that certain features of the Services may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Close Your Account.
Of course, while it’s hard to say goodbye, we understand that sometimes you just need to move on. You can delete your information from within your account or close your account and keep in mind that we may continue to retain your information after closing your account, as described in How Store Your Information below–for example, when that information is reasonably needed to comply with (or demonstrate our compliance with) legal obligations such as law enforcement requests, or reasonably needed for our legitimate business interests.
Access and Take Your Data.
You can download a copy of your content in a machine readable format as outlined in your account settings. If the export option is ever unavailable for any reason, you can also request a copy of the personal data you provided to us by sending a request to
privacy@rollbar.com
.
HOW WE STORE YOUR INFORMATION
Security
. We use commercially reasonable physical, electronic, and administrative safeguards to protect the information we collect from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, destruction, and to ensure that the information we process is reliable for its intended use, accurate, complete, and current to the extent necessary for the purposes for which we use the information. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Please contact us immediately if you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure. Our Security and Compliance page at
https://docs.rollbar.com/docs/security
describes the measures we take to secure the Services and your data.
Location of Storage
. To provide you with the Services, we may store, process, and transmit information in the United States and locations around the world—including those outside your country. Information may also be stored locally on the devices you use to access the Services.
Retention
. When you sign up for an account with us, we’ll retain information you store on our Services for as long as your account is in existence or as long as we need it to provide you the Services. If you delete your account, we will immediately initiate deletion of your information. Deletion of your information, including deletion of your information from our backup storage, will be completed within 30 days of your request. But please note we may retain this information if necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, or enforce our agreements.
Your Rights
Depending on your location, you may have the following data protection rights.
For personal information we have about you, you can:
Access your personal information or request a copy.
You have the right to be notified of what personal information we collect about you and how we use it, disclose it and protect it.
Change or correct your personal information.
Delete or erase your personal information.
Object to the processing of your personal information.
Ask us to restrict the processing of your personal information.
Export your personal data.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the local organizations in charge of enforcing the privacy legislation applicable in your territory.
You have the right to request that we export to you in a machine-readable format all of the personal information we have about you.
If you would like to exercise any of the rights described above, please contact us at
privacy@rollbar.com
.
TRANSFERRING YOUR DATA
Because the Services are offered worldwide, the information about you that we process when you use the Services in the EU may be used, stored, and/or accessed by individuals operating outside the European Economic Area (EEA) who work for us, other members of our group of companies, or third party data processors. This is required for the purposes listed in the What We Collect and Why section above. When providing information about you to entities outside the EEA, we will take appropriate measures to ensure that the recipient protects your personal information adequately in accordance with this Privacy Policy as required by applicable law. These measures include, for instance, entering into European Commission approved standard contractual arrangements with them or, to the extent valid and available, ensuring they have signed up to the EU-US DPF or Swiss-US DPF.
Rollbar complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Rollbar has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Rollbar has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. You can find Rollbar’s Data Privacy Framework certification at
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/list
. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
In cases of onward transfers of personal data to third parties, Rollbar is potentially liable for the acts or omissions of such third parties that are in violation of the DPF Principles.
Rollbar is subject to oversight by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. JAMS is the US-based independent organization responsible for reviewing and resolving complaints about our Data Privacy Framework compliance—free of charge to you. We ask that you first submit any such complaints directly to us via
privacy@rollbar.com.
If you aren’t satisfied with our response, please contact JAMS at
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
. In the event your concern still isn’t addressed by JAMS, you may be entitled to a binding arbitration under Data Privacy Framework and its principles.
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
Our application and services are intended for business use, and we do not expect them to be of any interest to minors. We do not intentionally collect any personal information of consumers below the age of 16.
CCPA
Rollbar values your privacy and we have implemented the steps to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. To learn more please visit
https://docs.rollbar.com/docs/ccpa-rollbar
GDPR
Rollbar is compliant with GDPR. To learn more about the measures in place please visit
https://docs.rollbar.com/docs/gdpr-rollbar
CHANGES
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time, and will post the most current version on our website. If a revision meaningfully reduces your rights, we will notify you.
CONTACT
Your personal information is controlled by Rollbar, Inc. Have questions or concerns about the Services or your privacy? Contact our Data Protection Officer at
privacy@rollbar.com.
If they can’t answer your question, you have the right to contact your local data protection supervisory authority.
Updated
6 months ago
Billing
Terms of Service
Did this page help you?
Yes
No
Sub-policy 2
https://foursquare.com/legal/privacy:
Skip to content
Consumer Apps & Website
Foursquare Privacy Policy
Korean 한국어
Download a copy of this Privacy Policy (PDF)
Privacy Center
Your Privacy Choices
Privacy Policies
Cookies
Last Updated: February 18, 2025
Effective Date: March 20, 2025
Consumer Services Privacy Policy
Foursquare’s Consumer Services Privacy Policy explains how Foursquare and its affiliates collect, use, share, and otherwise process your personal data in the context of our applications, websites, and other online services offered directly to consumers in their personal, familial or household capacities (collectively “Consumer Services”). Please see our Developer & Enterprise Services Privacy Policy for details about our information practices related to our Developer & Enterprise Services.
About Precise Geolocation Data
Precise geolocation data
can help you navigate and interact with the physical and digital worlds around you. Precise geolocation data is collected using various technologies such as the location services of your operating system or browser, sensor data from your device, and other data that may help us understand your location with accuracy. Ever type in a business name into a ride-share app, or tag your location in a photo before sharing on social media? Or, have you ever received a notification for a coupon when you’re passing by your favorite fast food joint? Foursquare powers these features as well as others that help people navigate, explore, and enjoy the world around them.
Precise geolocation data is both powerful and sensitive. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully and visit our
Privacy Center
to understand Foursquare’s commitment to your data privacy. We are also a participating member of the Network Advertising Initiative’s Precise Location Solution Provider Enhanced Standards which, among other things, requires that participating members not use, allow the use of, sell, or share any information about device or user activity correlated to known sensitive places, such as:
– Places of religious worship
– Correctional facilities
– Places that may be used to infer an LGBTQ+ identification
– Places that may be used to infer engagement with explicit sexual content, material, or acts
– Places primarily intended to be occupied by children under 16
– Domestic abuse shelters, including rape crisis centers
– Welfare or homeless shelters and halfway houses
– Dependency or addiction treatment centers
– Medical facilities that cater predominantly to sensitive conditions, such as cancer centers, HIV/AIDS, fertility or abortion clinics, mental health treatment facilities, or emergency room trauma centers
– Places that may be used to infer refugee or immigrant status, such as refugee or immigration centers and immigration services
– Credit repair, debt services, bankruptcy services, or payday lending institutions
– Temporary places of assembly such as political rallies, marches, or protests, during the times that such rallies, marches, or protests take place
– Military Bases
Commitment to Accountability
Foursquare participates in the following organizations and programs:
Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”).
Foursquare designs our products to adhere to the DAA’s
Self-Regulatory Principles
and participates in the DAA’s
Your AdChoices
, which is an easy way to opt out of digital advertising.
Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”).
Foursquare is a member of the NAI and adheres to the NAI
Privacy Principles
and the
Precise Location Solution Provider Enhanced Standards
.
EU/UK/Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework.
Foursquare’s privacy practices comply with the Data Privacy Framework Principles of Notice; Choice; Accountability for Onward Transfer; Security; Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation; Access; and Recourse, Enforcement and Liability. For more information relating to our participation in the EU/UK/Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework, please read about our International Data Transfers.
Personal Data We Collect and Process
The nature of the data collected often depends on the Consumer Services you are using; however, there are three main sources for the personal data we collect:
Data You Choose to Provide.
We collect data when you create an account for our Consumer Services, when you consent or opt-in to providing data (e.g., geolocation data or contact information from people in your contact list to enable you to find friends when using our apps) via our mobile apps or websites, when you upload content using Consumer Services, or when you contact us for customer support.
Data Automatically Collected.
We automatically collect data about how you interact with our Consumer Services, such as through cookies, pixels, and similar technologies. This data, among other things, helps us better understand your use, interactions, and experiences with our Consumer Services. You can learn more about our use of these tools in our
Cookies & Similar Technologies Policy
.
Data From Third Parties.
We also receive data from third parties such as from the following categories of entities:
–
Foursquare Affiliates
– This includes, for example, our corporate parent, subsidiaries, and affiliates.
–
Business Partners, Developers & Enterprise Customers
– This includes, for example, third parties who create and deliver experiences using our Developer & Enterprise Services, such as the incorporation of our location technology (i.e., SDK or APIs) into their apps and websites. In some cases, these third parties may license data to us.
–
Data Suppliers/Brokers and Advertising Networks
– This includes, for example, third parties who provide us commercially available data, including demographic data, data about how you interact with a third party’s websites, apps, smart TVs and streaming devices, device data (including mobile device and advertising identifiers, such as Apple IDFA or Google Advertising ID, and location data), and information from cookies, pixels and other technologies.
–
Social Media –
This includes, for example, when you access our apps through social media logins (i.e., logging in to our apps using your Facebook or other social media credentials). The details we receive may depend on your social network account privacy settings, but could include name, email address, date of birth, gender, hometown and/or friends.
–
Foursquare Service Providers –
This includes, for example, third parties who specialize in providing enterprise data, analytics and software as a service.
–
Public Sources
– This includes, for example, public records, government agencies, social media platforms, and other publicly available sources.
–
Business Transaction Partners
– This includes, for example, an entity we acquire or are acquired by, a successor, an assignee, or any party involved in a business transaction such as a merger, acquisition, sale of assets, or similar transaction, and/or in the context of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership. These transactions may be actual or prospective.
You can learn more about Foursquare’s data collection, including categories, examples and sources, at A Glance.
At A Glance
Data that does not contain any personal data that can be used to identify you or has otherwise been de-identified or aggregated is not considered personal data. To the extent we process de-identified data, we will maintain and use the data in de-identified form and will not attempt to reidentify the data unless permitted by applicable law.
When we collect data, we rely on several legal bases, including:
Contract Performance.
When the processing is necessary to perform our contract with you, such as our Terms of Service. This may include providing you with our Consumer Services or tailoring the Consumer Services to your preferences;
Legitimate Interests.
When the processing is necessary for our legitimate business interests (or those of our enterprise customers), including but not limited to, improving the Consumer Services or providing our Products;
Consent.
When you have given us your consent, including as described in this Privacy Policy. You may withdraw your consent to processing at any time using the settings on your device or in your account;
Legal Obligation.
When we have a legal obligation to do so, as described in this Privacy Policy.
How We Use Your Personal Data
We may use your personal data for the following purposes:
Account & Registration.
To operate, support, and improve the Consumer Services. This includes maintaining or servicing your accounts (including repairing errors that impair existing or intended functionality), providing customer service, processing transactions and payments, and verifying customer information.
Personalization.
To personalize your experience with our Consumer Services. These personalization features make inferences based on your location about your interests, and whether separate devices (e.g., mobile phones, tablets, and/or TVs) may be owned by you or members of your household, to tailor Consumer Services based on the data we have about you. You may also choose to provide us with access to your contact list so that we can help you to find your friends when using our apps.
Business Operations.
To conduct and maintain business operations such as verifying your identity across Consumer Services, conducting business research, auditing, analytics, planning and strategy, corporate reporting, and management.
Communications.
To communicate with you about our Consumer Services, such as responding to requests for support, sharing updates, and providing information required by law or applicable corporate updates related to mergers, acquisitions, or divestitures.
Marketing & Advertising.
For different types of advertising, including the contextual customization of ads shown as part of your interaction with us. We may also use data collected from your use of our Consumer Services and data from your engagement with apps and services provided by third parties to provide you with advertising about products and services tailored to your inferred interests, preferences, and locations.
Rewards, Contests & Sweepstakes.
To administer rewards (e.g., give points for survey completion), contests, and sweepstakes. If you enter a sweepstakes, we may use data such as your name and email address to run the sweepstakes and fulfill prizes.
Events.
To facilitate events, including contacting you about an event for which you registered or may be interested.
If you register for an event with us, we will add your contact information to our list of expected attendees.
Research & Innovation.
To conduct data analytics and use artificial intelligence and machine learning to support internal research, create new products and services, improve functionality of existing products and services, and develop new features.
Product & Service Provision.
To offer products and services to developers, our partners, and our enterprise customers. These product and service offerings currently include the following:
Points of Interest (POI)
– POI, or Places, data relates to physical places (restaurants, shops, airports, hotels, etc.) and is used to identify and provide context to points of interest worldwide.
Visits
– When you opt-in to the collection and sharing of precise geolocation data from your mobile device, we may use your data to create an inferred visit to that location, which we call a “Visit.”
Targeting (Audience)
– Using our Visits, along with inferences about your interests, location and other demographics that we derive from the data we have about you, we create “Audiences.” Audiences may be used to send you advertisements tailored to your inferred interests.
Targeting (Proximity)
– Using a dataset of geographically-placed points of interest, such as a fast food joint, we create geofences called “Proximity” around such points of interest. Proximity may be used to send advertisements to your device when it is detected near a point of interest.
Attribution
–
We also help brands measure the effectiveness of their advertisement campaigns by attributing purchases or other actions, such as a store visit, to their ads by matching ad impressions to such actions. As part of Attribution, we may also associate devices that we believe are related to each other.
Aggregated Products and Services
– We may also use your data in an aggregated manner to power products and services that offer movement- and location-based insights and trends. In addition, your data may be used to power Foursquare Geospatial Intelligence Platform which is a geospatial data analytics platform that enables visualization of aggregated data.
Security.
To detect security threats (e.g., malware or other malicious activities), troubleshoot performance issues and to protect the security and safety of our products, systems, and customers. Our security measures may include the use of automated systems.
Protect Our Rights & Property.
To prevent fraud, identity theft, activities that violate our policies, terms of service, or the law, or to prevent other criminal activity that compromises our ability to protect our rights and property, secure our services, your data or the safety of our customers, employees and others.
Data Sharing in the Context of Corporate Events.
To share certain data in the context of actual or prospective corporate events.
Comply with Law & Industry Standards.
To comply with applicable laws, regulations, court orders, legally-binding requests (such as from law enforcement), and relevant industry standards.
Disclosing Your Personal Data
We may disclose the categories of personal data we process about you (as described At A Glance above) to third parties as follows:
Disclosures with Your Consent or at Your Direction.
With your consent or as necessary to complete any transaction or provide any product you have requested or authorized. For example, we disclose data to third parties when you instruct us to do so, such as when you authorize friends to see your data or make your data publicly available (e.g., profile photo, users you are following, or other information you post), when you communicate via our Consumer Services with your friends, or when you check-in to a store, restaurant or other point of interest. You can control what you want visible to others, including your friends, in your applicable Foursquare account “Settings.”
Disclosures to Affiliates.
To other Foursquare affiliates for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy.
Service Providers & for Business Purposes.
To service providers that perform services on our behalf, such as cloud storage, IT services, marketing, analytics and search engine and other software services. These service providers may be located in countries other than the country where the information originally was collected, such as the US and Canada.
Disclosures to Business Partners, Developers & Enterprise Customers.
To business partners, developers, and enterprise customers for their own purposes. For example, we use “Visits” to infer stops that you may make to disclose them to our enterprise customer, Replica HQ, a data platform primarily serving public agencies, transit authorities, and urban planners that applies advanced modeling and simulation techniques to analyze complex urban dynamics across time and space, in accordance with their Privacy Policy which you can find
here
.  We may also use “Visits” combined with data that our business partners, developers, and other enterprise customers collect to understand movement patterns to determine where to open a physical store, to conduct research and development, to perform analytics, to serve targeted ads, and to determine whether an online or offline advertisement  (including on unaffiliated apps, websites, and billboards) you were exposed to resulted in a visit to a physical store. Under certain privacy and data protection laws, this activity may be considered a “sale” of personal data, “sharing” of personal data for cross-context behavioral advertising, or targeted advertising.
Disclosures to Advertising Partners.
To advertising partners (including ad networks, ad-serving companies such as social media companies, and other service providers they may use) so that they may recognize your devices and deliver content and advertisements (including interest-based) to you. Under certain privacy and data protection laws, this activity may be considered a “sale” of personal data, “sharing” of personal data for cross-context behavioral advertising, or targeted advertising.
Disclosures to Comply with Law & Protect Our Rights.
To law enforcement, government authorities, and private parties (i) if we are required to do so by law or legal process (such as a court order or subpoena); (ii) in response to duly authorized requests from public authorities, including to meet national security, public interest or law enforcement requirements; (iii) to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights; (iv) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical or other harm or financial loss; (v) in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity; (vi) to protect the rights, property, or safety of Foursquare and our products and services, our employees, or users and others; or (vii) to otherwise comply with legal obligation (i.e., conducting due diligence or screening for compliance purposes).
Sharing for Corporate Transactions.
As part or in anticipation of a business sale, merger, consolidation, investment, change in control, transfer of substantial corporate assets, reorganization, liquidation, or other business transaction or corporate event.
How We Secure & Retain Your Personal Data
We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect personal data we obtain through the Consumer Services against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use.  However, security risk is inherent in all internet and information technologies, and no online provider can fully guarantee the security of your personal data.
We will retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected and processed, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, accounting, or reporting requirements. To determine the appropriate retention period for your personal data, we will consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk from unauthorized use or disclosure, the purposes for which we process personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and applicable legal requirements.
Children’s Privacy
Our Consumer Services are intended for a general audience and are not directed at children under the age of 18.  We do not knowingly collect personal data online from individuals under the age of 18.
Cookies & Similar Technologies
We may use cookies and similar technologies (such as, web beacons or pixels on our website, in our emails, and identifiers supplied by app platform companies within our apps) to understand your use of our Consumer Services; improve your user experience and enable personalized features and content; optimize our advertisements and marketing; and enable third-party advertising companies to assist us in serving ads specific to your interests across the internet. You can learn more about our use of these tools in our
Cookies & Similar Technologies Policy
.
Foursquare provides you with choices about the setting of cookies and similar technologies through our Privacy Preference Center.
Your Privacy Choices – Global
You can learn how to exercise your privacy choices
here
. These choices (and rights, depending upon the applicable law), in summary include:
Data Access, Copies or Transfer.
You may request access to or copies of the personal data we have about you (including for transfer purposes), together with details about how we collect, use, disclose or sell your personal data. In some cases, we may only provide access to the categories of personal data that we collect, use, disclose and sell.
Data Correction and Deletion.
You may ask us to update or correct any inaccurate personal data or to delete any personal data that we may hold about you.
Opting Out of Sales, Sharing for Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising and Processing for Targeted Advertising.
You may opt-out of the sale of your personal data, the sharing of your personal data for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes and the processing of your personal data for targeted advertising.
Limiting Processing of Sensitive Personal Data.
We may collect certain categories of sensitive personal data as described in this Privacy Policy. You may ask us to stop the processing of your sensitive personal data for purposes of inferring characteristics about you.
Withdrawal of Consent.
To the extent that we relied upon your consent for processing of your personal data,
you may withdraw your consent to our processing of your personal data.
Unsubscribe from Marketing Emails & Text Messages.
You may opt out of receiving marketing communications from us.
In some instances, your request to exercise your privacy choices may be limited, for example, if fulfilling your request would reveal personal data about another person or you ask us to delete information that we are required by law to keep or have compelling legitimate interests to keep.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your choices. If you reside in certain jurisdictions, you may have the ability (including right) to appeal our decision with respect to a request you have submitted via our
Privacy Portal
. If we are unable to resolve your concerns and if you reside in certain jurisdictions, you may have the right to contact a data privacy supervisory authority in the country where you live or work, or where you consider that the data protection rules may have been breached, or seek a remedy through the courts. For questions, concerns or complaints about our participation in the EU/UK/Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework, please read about our International Data Transfers.
Your Privacy Choices – US Consumers
In the US, the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) and the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) have established rules about interest-based advertising, including cross-device linking for such advertising. Interest-based advertising is digital advertising that is tailored to a consumer’s inferred interests, preferences, and locations. Cross-device linking is the practice of associating different browsers and/or devices (such as mobile devices and televisions) based on information about the potential relationships among them.
You may have the right to opt-out of seeing interest-based ads from us, or our Business Partners, Developers & Enterprise Customers that are delivered on various platforms. To do so, please visit:
–
Desktop/Mobile Web Browser
–
DAA WebChoices
or
NAI Consumer Opt-Out
–
Connected TVs/TV Streaming Devices –
NAI Connected TV Choices
–
Mobile Apps
–
DAA AppChoices iOS
,
DAA AppChoices Android
,
DAA AppChoices Amazon
.
You can learn more about how opting-out of interest-based advertising works by visiting our
Cookies & Similar Technologies Policy
.
Specific US State Residents
If you reside in a U.S. state with a privacy law applicable to us, please review our
US State Consumer Privacy Notice
.
International Data Transfers
In order to provide you with our Consumer Services, it is possible that data you provide may be transferred to or accessed by Foursquare affiliates or third parties located in countries other than the country in which you reside. These countries may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you reside. Foursquare will conduct any data transfers in accordance with this Privacy Policy and all applicable laws and permissible data transfer mechanisms. Where the international data transfer programs do not apply, when you download and use our Consumer Services, you consent to the transfer of your data.
Foursquare Labs, Inc. complies with the EU-US, UK-US, and Swiss-US Data Privacy Frameworks, as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal data transferred from the EU, UK, and/or Switzerland to the US.
Foursquare has certified to the Department of Commerce that we adhere to the Data Privacy Framework Principles.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the Data Privacy Framework Principles, the Data Privacy Framework Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
Foursquare commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal data in compliance with the Data Privacy Framework Principles. Therefore, EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Data Privacy Framework compliance should first contact us via the methods outlined in the Contact Us section.
Foursquare has further committed to refer any unresolved Data Privacy Framework complaints to the JAMS Data Privacy Framework program, an alternative dispute resolution provider. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or have not resolved your complaint, please visit the
JAMS Data Privacy Framework program
(
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
) for more information or to file a complaint. The JAMS Data Privacy Framework program services are provided at no cost to you.
If your complaint is not resolved through the above channels, under limited circumstances, you may be able to invoke binding arbitration before a Data Privacy Framework Panel. For more information, visit:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/ANNEX-I-introduction-dpf
.
The US Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Foursquare’s compliance with the Data Privacy Framework.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please visit our
Privacy Center
.  You may also contact
privacy@foursquare.com
or write to us at Foursquare Labs, Inc., 50 West 23rd Street, 8th Floor, New York, NY 10010.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will post the revised Privacy Policy here and indicate when it was most recently updated. If we make material changes in the way we use your data, we will notify you by posting an announcement on our sites or apps, or by sending you an email (to the last email address you provided us).
By clicking “Accept All”, continuing to scroll or closing this banner, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. You can manage your preferences in Cookie Settings, withdraw your consent at any time or learn more about the use of cookies.
Foursquare Cookie Policy
More Options
Reject All
Accept All
Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Foursquare Cookie Policy
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts may not function properly. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Performance & Analytics Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and cannot be used to identify you. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. These cookies are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Social Media Cookies
These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.
Cookies Details‎
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 3
https://www.sparkpost.com/policies/privacy/:
Reach
Grow
Manage
Automate
Log in
Book a demo
Business in a box.
Everything you need, in one app.
I
n
a
w
o
r
l
d
m
o
v
i
n
g
a
t
l
i
g
h
t
n
i
n
g
s
p
e
e
d
,
t
h
e
a
n
s
w
e
r
i
s
n
’
t
m
o
r
e
t
o
o
l
s
—
b
u
t
t
h
e
r
i
g
h
t
o
n
e
.
B
i
r
d
u
n
i
f
i
e
s
c
o
m
m
u
n
i
c
a
t
i
o
n
,
c
u
s
t
o
m
e
r
i
n
s
i
g
h
t
s
,
o
p
e
r
a
t
i
o
n
s
a
n
d
a
u
t
o
m
a
t
i
o
n
i
n
t
o
a
s
i
n
g
l
e
,
p
o
w
e
r
f
u
l
p
l
a
t
f
o
r
m
.
A
u
t
o
m
a
t
e
w
h
a
t
s
l
o
w
s
y
o
u
d
o
w
n
,
f
o
c
u
s
o
n
w
h
a
t
m
o
v
e
s
y
o
u
f
o
r
w
a
r
d
,
a
n
d
s
c
a
l
e
w
i
t
h
o
u
t
l
i
m
i
t
s
.
W
e
l
c
o
m
e
t
o
b
u
s
i
n
e
s
s
r
e
i
m
a
g
i
n
e
d
.
G
M
Smarter,
simpler
omnichannel
Marketing.
Unlock your marketing’s full potential with data-driven, automated campaigns.
M
I
Grow
your customers.
Shrink your
Inbox.
Connect effortlessly across email, SMS, WhatsApp, voice, chat, and social—so you can engage more and manage less.
R
Reach
your audience.
Anytime,
anywhere.
Unify Phone, Email, SMS, Voice, and WhatsApp in one seamless platform to connect faster and drive engagement.
E
Email
Send smarter with the platform that powers nearly 40% of global B2B and B2C emails. Scale from hundreds to billions—without compromising performance.
Learn more
S
SMS
V
Voice
W
WhatsApp
Coming soon
We’re building more products for your business.
M
P
Manage your Payments.
Simplify transactions, boost conversions, and enhance customer experiences.
Learn more
G
S
Grow your Sales.
Bird’s smart CRM unlocks insights to connect with customers and turn potential into profits.
Learn more
M
E
Manage your Expenses.
Simplify tracking, automate policies, and get real-time spending insights—all in one solution.
Learn more
A
A
Automate with AI.
Automate progress and gain more insights with Bird’s cutting-edge AI solutions.
Learn more
M
H
Manage your HR.
Streamline HR with powerful, intuitive tools designed for the modern workplace.
Learn more
Book a demo
Book a demo. Experience and see how Bird can transform your business.
Book a demo. See Bird in action and discover how it can transform your business.
Reach
Email
Voice API
Numbers API
SMS API
WhatsApp API
PowerMTA
Momentum
Grow
Marketing
Sales
Manage
Inbox
Payments
Expenses
HR
Automate
AI
Workflows
Resources
Pricing
Changelog
Documentation
Support
Manual
Customers
Company
About
Partners
Careers
Legal
Terms
Privacy settings
Newsletter
Stay up to date with Bird through weekly updates to your inbox.
Signup
See Bird's
Privacy Statement
for details on data processing.
x.com
Instagram
LinkedIn
Sub-policy 4
https://onesignal.com/privacy_policy:
Javascript must be enabled for the correct page display
Skip to Content
Privacy Policy
Last Updated and Reviewed: April 12, 2024
Our Commitment to Privacy
Your privacy is important to us and maintaining your trust is one of our     highest priorities. This Privacy Policy includes a description of our     information practices, how we use tracking technologies, as well as the     decisions you may make regarding how your information is collected and     used.
California, the United Kingdom, and Singapore Employees, Job Applicants,       Owners, Directors, Officers, and Contractors:
If you are a resident of California, the United Kingdom, or Singapore and     you are an employee, controlling owner, director, officer, or independent     contractor of ours, see the
Privacy Notice for California, the United Kingdom, and Singapore Company       Workforce
below. If you are a resident of California, the United Kingdom, or     Singapore and a job applicant, see
https://onesignal.com/job-privacy
.
Introduction and Background
OneSignal, Inc. is a U.S. company located at 201 S. B Street, San Mateo, CA     94401 (“OneSignal” “we,” “us,” and “our”).
OneSignal is a customer engagement platform for companies around the world     to enable their relationships with (and communicate with) their customers.     This is primarily done by leveraging first party data (the company’s data on     their customers) to personalize and automate messaging by the company     through various channels, such as email, SMS, mobile push notifications, web     push notifications, and in-app messaging.
OneSignal collects this first party data through a software development kit     (“
SDKs
”) that companies use in their mobile applications and websites. These web     and mobile SDKs permit app developers and website operators to send, manage,     optimize and customize messages to their customers and users. All of our     services are referred to collectively as our “
Services,
” and the app developers, website operators, business customers, partners     and advertisers are referred to collectively as our “
Clients.
”
This privacy policy (the “
Privacy Policy
”) explains our personal information practices regarding:
Our Client’s end users and customers (“
Client End Users
”),
Our Clients’, partners’, and vendors’ business representatives (e.g., their     employees), and
Users of our website(s), including any website on which this Privacy Policy     is posted, which we separately describe in Section 4,
below
.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third-party sites or hosted     services you may find or access through our website. This Privacy Policy     also does not apply to our Client’s data practices.  If you submit     personal information to any of those sites or services or to our Clients,     your information will be governed by their privacy policies. We encourage     you to carefully read the privacy policy of any site you visit or hosted     service you use.
Personal Information
References to “personal information” in this Privacy Policy mean     information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of     being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or     indirectly, to an individual or household.
Data Controller or Data Processor
OneSignal is primarily a data processor (or service provider) in relation     to the Services we provide to our Clients, such as when a Client deploys our     technology in order to collect, process or transfer their first party data.     In some cases we operate as a data controller (or business) when we process     personal information of our business contacts, employees, and     representatives.
1. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify this Privacy Policy     or any portion thereof. Any changes will be effective from the time of     publication of the new privacy policy. Your continued use of the Services     after the changes have been implemented shall indicate your agreement with     the terms of such revised privacy policy. Otherwise, and if the new privacy     policy does not suit you, you must no longer use the Services. Where     required by law we will notify you and/or obtain your     consent.
2. Contacting Us
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact our     Data Protection Officer at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
or at 201 S. B Street, Suite 200 San Mateo, CA 94401.
3. Our Data Practices on our SDKs
Categories of Information Collected About Client End Users by Our Web       SDKs
Identifiers such as:
IP address
Email address, if provided to us
A unique cookie identifier, which may uniquely identify a Client End       User
Commercial information that we receive from our Clients or from our Clients’     use of our Services, such as:
Information about Client End User’s transactions and interactions with       apps and websites
What push notifications have been sent to a Client End User
Internet or other electronic network information activity information, such     as:
Information about a Client End User’s browser, such as browser language       type and version of operating system (e.g., Android, iOS); network       provider; language setting; time zone
Web pages visited that have implemented the SDK, and information about       those visits (e.g., session duration, time-stamp, referring URLs)
Geolocation data inferred from IP address
Sensitive information provided or made available by our Clients
Categories of Information Collected About Client End Users by Our Mobile       SDKs
Identifiers such as:
IP address
Email address, if provided to us
Mobile device or account identifiers which may be associated with other       information, including inference data that Clients create on Client End       Users
Commercial information that we receive from our Clients or from our Clients’     use of our Services, such as:
Purchases made within an app
Information about Client End User’s transactions and interactions with the       app
Internet or other electronic network information activity information, such     as:
Information associated with or related to devices, such as device type       (e.g., mobile, tablet); type and version of operating system (e.g.,       Android, iOS); network provider; mobile browser (e.g. Safari, Chrome,       etc.); language setting; time zone; and network status type (such as       WiFi)
How a user has used the App (e.g., session duration, time-stamp)
Geolocation data inferred from IP address
Precise Location information, generally a Client End User’s lat/long data       (i.e., GPS-level data) or WiFi information, which we may associate with       Mobile IDs, and which may be collected whether or not an app is in use.       (Location information is only collected the user has granted permission to       the App to collect this, and the app chooses to send this data to       OneSignal)
Sensitive information provided or made available by our Clients
Sensitive Information
We generally ask our Clients not to provide us with any sensitive     information of the Client End Users. However, if they do provide us with     sensitive information, then as a service provider to our Clients, we rely on     our Clients to obtain consent (if required by applicable law) or provide opt     out rights (if required by law) and to provide all rights to individuals as     are required by applicable law, contract, or otherwise. Where applicable and     required by law, we may enter into U.S. business associate agreements with     our Clients for the processing of protected health     information.
We refer to all of the above collectively as the “
SDK Information .”Sources of SDK Information
The categories of sources of the SDK Information include the     following:
Information provided by our Clients
Information automatically collected from our Clients’ use of the     Services
How We Use the SDK Information
We use the SDK Information on behalf of our Clients for the purpose of     providing the Services to our Clients. This includes:
To offer and support app and website features provided through the SDKs,     including those related to push notifications. This includes, for instance,     providing customer, technical and operational support for these features,     detecting and protecting against errors, fraud, or other criminal activity;     resolving disputes and enforcing our legal terms and other rights we may     have. It also includes analyzing, customizing, and improving the features we     offer Clients.
To provide information and analytics to our Clients about the use of these     app and website features provided through the SDKs, or to help Clients     create or enhance user profiles of Client End Users.
To enable Clients to create inferences about Client End Users. For instance,     if SDK Information indicates that a particular device is frequently seen at     restaurants, we might categorize a user for targeting of local restaurant     offers. Or, if a user is frequently seen at sports stadiums, we might     categorize the user as a “Sports Fan.”
To develop and use “predictive models” which are data models that try to     predict Client End Users’ potential future behavior and interests on a     per-device basis or across devices.
To analyze ad performance, for instance, by attributing Client End Users’     app installations, web visits, or store visits to ad campaigns.
Sometimes, the SDK Information may be used to resolve identities across     multiple devices, such as to match IP addresses or hashed emails to link a     Client End User across (for instance) browsers, mobile devices, tablets, set     top boxes, or other devices.
Sometimes the SDK Information may be used to perform any of the above     functions, or other marketing or analytics services. Or, we may aggregate     and create data “models” to do this – creating algorithms in order to     predict certain trends and things that different Client End Users might have     in common.
We may deploy online cookies to track users across websites, or to     associate users (and these cookies) with Mobile IDs. We may do this to     resolve user identifies across platforms, and to better or more accurately     target messages. You can learn more about cookies and similar technologies,     such as web beacons and SDKs, in the Section titled “
Cookies, Pixel Tags and
SDKs
.”
We may also use the SDK Information for the following purposes:
To explore a potential acquisition or sale of our business
To prevent or stop activity that we may think is illegal; to protect our     rights, privacy, safety or property, and that of you and others; to protect     the security of our services or website; to comply with applicable law; to     comply with legal process and our legal obligations; to respond to requests     or requirements from public, law and government authorities and private     parties; to enforce our terms; to allow us to pursue available remedies or     limit potential damages; and to exercise or defend legal claims
In other ways with your consent or at your direction
How We Disclose the SDK Information
We may disclose SDK Information to the following categories of third     parties:
Service Providers.
We disclose the SDK Information on our Clients’ behalf to service providers,     contractors and other companies to fulfill your orders, operate our     business, communicate with you and make available our Services and this     Website. These service providers may help us perform any of the activities     set forth in Section 2. For instance, we may disclose certain of the     information we collect or receive to companies that help us with billing and     payment, marketing, advertising and email marketing, data enhancement (e.g.,     to provide more relevant offers), website hosting, technology and customer     support, web and marketing analytics, anti-fraud or security operations, and     other operational, marketing or business support.
We likewise may disclose the SDK Information or data segments regarding a     Client (for instance, related to push notifications they send) for that     Client’s own advertising, analytics, or other purposes.
Affiliates.
We may disclose your information to our affiliates (e.g., our     subsidiaries).
Buyers and investors.
We may disclose or transfer your personal information in connection with, or     during negotiations of, any acquisition of our business, financing or     similar transaction.
Other third parties for legal purposes.
We may also disclose your information if we believe it is required: (a) to     prevent or stop activity that we may think is, or is at risk of being,     illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity; (b) to protect our     rights, privacy, safety or property, and that of you and others; (c) to     protect our operations and the security of our services and website; (d)     under applicable law; (e) to comply with legal process and our legal     obligations; (f) to respond to requests or requirements from public, law and     government authorities (including national security and law enforcement     requirements) and private parties; (g) to enforce our terms and conditions;     (h) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit potential damages; and     (i) to exercise or defend legal claims.
Other ways with consent.
We may disclose your personal information in other ways with your consent or     at your direction.
California, Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, and Utah       Residents.
We do not sell your personal information or share your personal information     for cross context behavioral advertising or for targeted advertising     purposes.
We may create deidentified information as part of providing our Services. We     commit to maintain and use deidentified information in deidentified form     only and we will not attempt to reidentify the information, except we may     attempt to reidentify the information solely for the purpose of determining     whether our deidentification process satisfies our commitment above.
We do not engage in profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal     or similarly significant effects concerning     you.
4. Our Data Practices on the OneSignal Website(s)
OneSignal Website Information We Collect
We collect the following personal information from visitors of our     website(s) (the “
OneSignal Website Information,
” including the website on which this Privacy Policy appears (“
OneSignal Website(s)
”):
Identifiers that you disclose to us on the OneSignal Websites, such as name,     email address, phone number, and other contact information. For example, you     provide your personal information when you request information from us, fill     out a form on our website, or interact with us in other ways.
Internet or other electronic network activity information that is collected     by automated mechanisms (e.g., with cookies, unique IDs, pixels and other     locally stored objects), such as visitor interactions with the OneSignal     Websites. (You can learn more about these technologies below in the Section     titled “
Cookies, Pixel Tags and
SDKs
”). We may use third party-services such as Google Analytics, in which case     those third parties gather information such as your IP address, browser     type, the webpage from which you came to our website, and the times of your     access to the OneSignal Website. In addition, as you browse our website,     advertising cookies may be placed on your computer so that we can understand     what you are interested in. Our display advertising partners may then help     us retarget ads to you on other sites based on your interactions with the     OneSignal Website. To “opt out” of having your information used to tailor     ads to you in this way by third party ad platforms that we may work with or     provide data to, please review the Section below titled “
Consumer Control and Opt Out  Options
”  to learn how to opt-out of these services and instead receive     generic, non-tailored ads. When we do use these types of third party     advertising partners, we endeavor to limit and restrict their processing to     acting solely as our service provider and data processor.
Audio and electronic information of our Clients’, partners’, and vendor’s     employees and other representatives in connection with business calls and     business email communications.
Professional or employment related information about our Clients’,     partners’, and vendors’ employees and other representatives.
Sensitive information, as defined under applicable law, which may include     location data and account login data
Sensitive Information
If you are a California resident and you have created an online login     account with us, your account login information may be treated as sensitive     information under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA). The     account is set up in your capacity as a representative of one of our     Clients. We use that information at your specific request and to perform our     services to the Client. We do not use sensitive information for the purpose     of inferring characteristics about you. Also, we do not sell sensitive     information and we do not process or otherwise disclose sensitive     information for the purpose of behavioral advertising. You may ask us to     delete this account information, but you will not be able to log in anymore     on behalf of the Client.
Sources of OneSignal Website Information
The categories of sources of the SDK Information include the     following:
Information provided by you
Information automatically collected from your use of the OneSignal     Website
Information collected in connection with our business relationship (e.g.     interactions with you as a representative of one of our Clients, partners,     or vendors)
How We Use the OneSignal Website Information
In addition to the uses described above, we use the OneSignal Website     Information (alone or in combination) to provide, market, and operate the     OneSignal Websites and Services. Among other things, by collecting the     OneSignal Website Information, we are able to:
Perform our contract obligations, including maintaining and offering access     to the OneSignal Websites and Services and optimizing how they’re offered to     our Clients.
Send information about our products and services, including administrative     and marketing communications.
Respond to your questions, concerns, or customer service inquiries.
Customize the content and advertising you see on the OneSignal Websites,     across the Internet, and elsewhere.
Explore a potential acquisition or sale of our business
Prevent or stop activity that we may think is illegal; protect our rights,     privacy, safety or property, and that of you and others; protect the     security of our services or website; comply with applicable law; comply with     legal process and our legal obligations; respond to requests or requirements     from public, law and government authorities and private parties; to enforce     our terms; allow us to pursue available remedies or limit potential damages;     and exercise or defend legal claims.
Use your information in other ways with your consent or at your     direction.
How We Disclose the OneSignal Website Information
We may disclose the OneSignal Website Information to the following     categories of third parties:
Service providers, such as third parties that help us to provide the     OneSignal Websites or Services and make them available and functional (such     as hosting services); entities that help us make available or transmit any     information we hold (such as helping us send emails, process payments, and     manage customer information); and entities that help us (including our     contractors, agents, and affiliates) provide technical, customer, billing,     administrative, event planning, marketing or operational services to us or     our Clients.
Corporate affiliates such as subsidiaries.
A third party as part of a business sale, merger, consolidation, investment,     change in control, transfer of substantial assets, reorganization or     liquidation, or in connection with steps taken in anticipation of such an     event (e.g., due diligence).
A third party if we believe it is required: (a) to prevent or stop activity     that we may think is, or is at risk of being, illegal, unethical or legally     actionable activity; (b) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property,     and that of you and others; (c) to protect our operations and the security     of our services and website; (d) under applicable law; (e) to comply with     legal process and our legal obligations; (f) to respond to requests or     requirements from public, law and government authorities (including national     security and law enforcement requirements) and private parties; (g) to     enforce our terms and conditions; (h) to allow us to pursue available     remedies or limit potential damages; and (i) to exercise or defend legal     claims.
Other third parties with your consent or at your direction.
California, Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, and Utah       Residents.
We do not sell your personal information or share your personal information     for targeted advertising purposes.
We may create deidentified information as part of providing our Services. We     commit to maintain and use deidentified information in deidentified form     only and we will not attempt to reidentify the information, except we may     attempt to reidentify the information solely for the purpose of determining     whether our deidentification process satisfies our commitment above.
We do not engage in profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal     or similarly significant effects concerning you.
5. Cookies, Pixel Tags and SDKs
Cookies and Pixel Tags.
Cookies are small data files containing a string of characters, such     as an anonymous unique browser identifier. Cookies are stored on your     computer or other device and act as unique tags that identify your device or     browser. Our servers may send your device a cookie when you visit the     OneSignal Websites, and our Clients and partners may do likewise on our     OneSignal Websites, our Clients’ websites, and elsewhere. A pixel tag (also     commonly known as a web beacon or clear GIF) is an invisible 1 x 1 pixel     that is placed on certain web pages. When you access web pages on which a     pixel tag is deployed, the pixel tag may generate a generic notice of the     visit and permit OneSignal, our Clients or partners to set or read cookies.     Pixel tags are used in combination with cookies to anonymously track the     activity on a website by a particular browser on a particular device. If you     disable cookies, pixel tags simply detect an anonymous website visit.     OneSignal, alone or with our Clients and partners, may use cookies to, among     other things, “remember” you (e.g., when you visit the OneSignal Websites or     the websites of our Clients or partners), track trends, and collect     information about how you use our Clients’ or partners’ websites or interact     with advertising. We and partners we work with use cookies to provide     relevant content to you and replace non-relevant ads with ads that better     match your interests. We may sometimes use other locally stored objects in     ways similar to how we use cookies. Often, these objects are deleted when     you clear your browser cookie cache, but because this may not always occur     (depending on the browser you use), we recommend that if you wish to opt out     of notification features or third party interest-based advertising you     instead follow the steps we have set forth in Section 7 titled “
Consumer Control & Opt-Out Options.
”
Mobile Device Identifiers and SDKs.
We may use or work with partners who use mobile SDKs (including our     own SDKs, which are described in more detail in this Policy) to collect     information, such as mobile identifiers (e.g., IDFAs and Android Advertising     IDs), and information related to how mobile devices and their users interact     with our Services and those using our Services. The SDK is computer code     that app developers can include in their apps to enable ads to be shown,     data to be collected, and related services to be implemented. We may use     this technology, for instance, to identify users through mobile applications     and browsers based on information associated with your mobile device. We do     not collect advertising identifiers such as IDFAs or Android Advertising     IDs.
Social Media Widgets.
The OneSignal Website may include social media features, such as the     Twitter button, and widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive     mini-programs. These features may collect your IP address, which page you     are visiting on the website, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to     function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a     third party or hosted directly on the website. Your interactions with these     features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing     it.
Do Not Track Signals.
OneSignal currently does not respond to browser do not track (DNT)     signals, so we may not be aware of, or may be unable to respond to, such     signals.
6. Data Retention
Generally speaking, we retain the SDK Information and Website Information     for as long as reasonably necessary to achieve our objectives as detailed in     this Privacy Policy, and to comply with our legal obligations, resolve     disputes and enforce our agreements. We may delete user information from     certain apps that we deem as “inactive,” in-line with applicable privacy     laws and privacy best practices, and in response to requests from Clients     and individuals. In general, “inactive” apps include apps with no recent     messages sent or impressions made, no recent logins by accounts associated     with the app, and/or no meaningful changes in user counts.
When considering the retention period for personal information, we consider     the nature, sensitivity, and amount of the personal information, the     potential risk of harm from unauthorized disclosure or use, and our legal,     regulatory, tax, accounting and other similar obligations.
For customers on our free plan, we delete push subscribers that have not     been active for the past 18 months. Push subscribers are considered dormant     if the subscriber: (1) has not used the customer’s  mobile app or     visited the customer’s  website in more than 18 months, or (2)     OneSignal has not processed any data points for the subscriber in more than     18 months. For customers on active paid plans, their subscribers will be     retained until the customer chooses to delete them.
7. Data Security
We have reasonable administrative, technical, and physical safeguards in     place in our physical facilities and in our computer systems, databases, and     communications networks. These safeguards are designed to protect     information from unauthorized or illegal access, destruction, use,     modification, or disclosure and to protect the confidentiality, integrity,     and accessibility of personal information. In addition, we are SOC 2 Type 2     certified and have a SOC 2 Type 2 report certifying that our security     policies and controls meet industry standards. This report captures how we     safeguard customer data and how well those controls are     operating.
Note that no method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure     and  we cannot guarantee absolute security of personal     information.
8. Children
We do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age     of 18. Our services and our website are directed to and intended for people     who are at least 18 years old or older. If you are a parent or guardian and     you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information,     please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected personal     information from anyone under the age of 18 without verification of parental     consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers and     databases.
If our Clients provide us with information about individuals under the age     of 18, as a service provider we rely on our Clients to obtain consent (if     required by applicable law) or provide opt out rights (if required by law)     and otherwise to provide such rights to individuals and their parents or     legal guardians as are required by applicable law, contract, or     otherwise.
9. Third-Party Websites and Apps
We are not responsible for the privacy practices or disclosures of websites     and applications that use our Services. Likewise, when you access the     OneSignal Website, you may be directed to other websites that are also     beyond our control. We encourage you to read the applicable privacy policies     and terms and conditions of such third parties and websites, and the     industry tools that we have referenced in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy     Policy, however, only applies to the OneSignal Site and the     Services.
10. European Data - Legal Grounds
If you are a visitor to our OneSignal Website from the European Economic     Area, Switzerland or the United Kingdom, our legal basis for collecting and     using the personal information described above will depend on the personal     information concerned and the specific context in which we collect     it.
Our legal grounds for processing your personal information may be one or     more of the following:
Consent: in some cases, we rely on your consent, which you can withdraw at     any time
Performance of a contract with you: we might need to process your personal     information to perform our obligations or to take steps prior to entering     into a contract with you
Compliance with law: in some cases, we may have a legal obligation to use or     retain your personal data
Legitimate interests: we may also process your personal information where it     is necessary for our legitimate interests in a way that might be expected as     part of running our business and not overridden by your data protection     interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
If we process your personal information on behalf of a Client, we rely on     our Client’s legal ground for processing your personal information on their     behalf.
11. Individuals From Outside the United States
Data is hosted and stored in Europe and accessed in the United States, as     well as other countries where our offices or facilities are located or where     our service providers operate. The data protection and other laws of the     United States might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. By     using the OneSignal Website or Services you consent to your information     being transferred to our offices and facilities and to those of our service     providers to whom we disclose it.
Standard Contractual Clauses
If you are located in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom or     Switzerland, we will protect your personal information when it is     transferred outside of your jurisdiction by (a) processing it in a territory     that provides an adequate level of protection based on its data protection     laws; or (b) implementing appropriate safeguards to protect your personal     information, such as relying on the European standard contractual clauses     (and the United Kingdom addendum, if applicable). OneSignal currently relies     on these European standard contractual clauses for data transfers and the     Data Privacy Framework (see below).
Data Privacy Framework
OneSignal complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the UK     Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-U.S. Data     Privacy Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. OneSignal     has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the     EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (“
EU-U.S. DPF Principles
”) with regard to the processing of Personal Data received from the     European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom in     reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. OneSignal has certified to     the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data     Privacy Framework Principles (“
Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles
”) with regard to the processing of Personal Data received from Switzerland     in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the     terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the     Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the DPF principles shall govern. To learn more     about the Data Privacy Framework (“
DPF
”) program, and to view our certification page, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/list
.
OneSignal commits to applying the DPF’s Principles to all Personal Data     that OneSignal in the U.S. receives from European Economic Area member     countries, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland in reliance on the respective     DPF.
Our compliance with the DPF is subject to the investigatory and enforcement     powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In accordance with the DPF, we     are also liable for onward transfers to third parties that process personal     information in a way that does not follow the DPF.
Please email us at
privacy@onesignal.com
with any questions, concerns, or complaints about our DPF certification. You     can resolve any applicable disputes with us related to our certification     free of charge through JAMS (
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
), an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.     You can contact JAMS as described at
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
.
In some situations, the DPF Framework gives you the right to invoke binding     arbitration. You can do this to resolve complaints not resolved by other     means, as described in Annex I to the DPF Framework (
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/framework-text
)
OneSignal agrees to periodically review and verify its compliance with the     DPF Principles, and to remedy any issues arising out of failure to comply     with the DPF Principles. OneSignal acknowledges that its failure to provide     an annual self-certification to the U.S. Department of Commerce will remove     it from the Department’s list of DPF participants.
12. Consumer Control and Opt Out Options
You may have the following privacy rights:
If you wish to
access, correct, or request deletion
of your     personal information, you can do so at any time by contacting us at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
.
If you wish to
opt-out of marketing communications
(including emails),     click on the “opt-out” link in our marketing communications or contact us at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
.
See
Certain US Rights
and
Rights of Europeans
below for additional rights that may apply to you.
Opting Out of OneSignal Push Notifications
You may in most cases opt out of receiving push notifications by going to     your device “Settings” and clicking on “Notifications,” and then changing     those settings for some or all of the apps on your device. Different device     configurations, or updates to devices, may affect or change how these     settings work.
Your choice to opt out of “Notifications” from the OneSignal platform will     not affect notifications placed by any other organization.
Opting Out of Online Interest-Based Advertising by Third Parties
You can opt out of many of the platforms and service providers that     facilitate online interest-based advertising by visiting the Digital     Advertising Alliance’s consumer education and opt-out page, at     http://www.aboutads.info/. This type of opt out is cookie based and specific     to each browser, which means that if you replace or upgrade your browser, or     delete your cookies, you will need to opt out again. Opting out in this way     will not prevent you from receiving ads – it will just make the ads you see     less customized to you.
Opting Out of “Cross-App” Advertising on Mobile Devices by Third       Parties
You can opt out of having your mobile advertising identifiers used for     certain types of interest-based (also called “cross-app”) mobile behavioral     advertising, by accessing the “settings” on your Apple or Android mobile     device.
Additional Choices – Our Clients
Our Clients may also provide ways for you to opt out from or limit their     collection of information from and about you. Please refer to the privacy     policies of our Clients to learn more about their privacy     practices.
Where you wish to enforce any of these rights in respect of our Services,     you should contact the Client who provides you with the website or mobile     application. We will then help them to fulfill that request in accordance     with their instructions and applicable legal requirements.
Additional Choices - Europeans
In accordance with European data protection law and the Data Privacy     Framework, you may opt out of having your personal information used for a     purpose that is materially different from the purpose(s) for which it was     originally collected or subsequently authorized by you. We do not disclose     your personal data to third parties except to our service providers who act     on our behalf.  If we were to disclose your personal data to other     parties who are not our service providers, we would allow you to opt     out.
We ask that our clients not disclose to us any sensitive information about     you (e.g., personal information specifying medical or health conditions,     racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical     beliefs, trade union membership or information specifying the sex life of     the individual). If we do receive sensitive information about you from our     clients, then European data protection law and the Data Privacy Framework     requires us to obtain your consent. We rely on our clients to obtain any     consent needed to disclose sensitive information to us.
13. Certain US Rights
As a California, Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut or Utah resident, you may     have the additional rights below.
Right to know
Right to access
Right to data portability
Right to correction
Right to deletion
Right of no discrimination and no retaliation
Right to appeal (certain states)
Additional rights that are not applicable are not listed above because     OneSignal is not engaged in such activities (e.g., selling, sharing for     cross context behavioral advertising, targeted advertising, and     profiling).
Personal Information from Client
If you make a request relating to personal information that we process on     behalf of a Client, you will need to make the request directly with our     Client unless our Client has authorized us to respond directly to     you.
Know, Access, and Data Portability
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you     about our collection and use of your personal information. Once we receive     and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to     you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about     you.
Our purposes for collecting that personal information.
The categories of third parties to whom we disclosed that personal     information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you – you can     then copy and port that information.
Correction
You have the right to request that OneSignal correct any of your personal     information that OneSignal collected from you and retained. Once we receive     and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will correct your personal     information.
Deletion
You have the right to request that OneSignal delete any of your personal     information that OneSignal collected from you and retained, subject to     certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer     request, we will delete your personal information from our records, unless     an exception applies under applicable law.
Right of No Discrimination and No Retaliation
We will not retaliate or discriminate against you for exercising any of     your rights under applicable law. You have the right not to receive     discriminatory treatment for the exercise of any of these     rights.
Appeal Right – Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut Residents
If we decline to take action regarding your request, we will inform you of     that decision and the justification for declining to take     action.
If we decline to take action at the direction of our Client, you must     contact the Client directly to appeal the decision.
For Virginia residents, you have the right appeal our decision by no later     than 30 days after we inform you of our decision. Send your appeal to us via     email at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
with “Appeal Right” in the subject line of your email
.  Within 60 days after we receive your appeal, we will inform you of     any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal. If the appeal is     denied, you may contact Virginia’s Attorney General to submit a complaint at     https://www.oag.state.va.us/consumer-protection/index.php/file-a-complaint.
For Colorado residents, you have the right appeal our decision by no later     than 30 days after we inform you of our decision. Send your appeal to us via     email at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
with “Appeal Right” in the subject line of your email.  Within 45 days     after we receive your appeal, we will inform you of any action taken or not     taken in response to the appeal. We may extend this period by 60 additional     days where reasonably necessary. If the appeal is denied, you may contact     Colorado’s Attorney General to submit a complaint at     https://coag.gov/file-complaint/.
For Connecticut residents, you have the right appeal our decision by no     later than 30 days after we inform you of our decision. Send your appeal to     us via email at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
with “Appeal Right” in the subject line of your email.  Within 60 days     after we receive your appeal, we will inform you of any action taken or not     taken in response to the appeal. If the appeal is denied, you may contact     Connecticut’s Attorney General to submit a complaint at     https://portal.ct.gov/AG/Common/Complaint-Form-Landing-page.
Exercising Your Rights
To exercise the rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer     request emailing us at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
and including your full name and email address and the type of request you     are making (e.g., right to know, access, portability, correction, or     deletion).
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a     verifiable consumer request related to your personal     information.
14. Rights of Europeans
In accordance with European data protection law and the Data Privacy     Framework, if your personal information is protected under applicable     European data protection law, you may have the following rights:
Right to access
Right to rectification
Right to erasure
Right to restrict processing
Right to data portability
Right to object
Right in relation to automated decision-making and profiling*
Right to withdraw consent
Right to lodge a complaint
*OneSignal currently does not engage in automated decision-making or     profiling.
Personal Information from Client
If you make a request relating to personal information that we process on     behalf of a Client, you will need to make the request directly with our     Client unless our Client has authorized us to respond directly to     you.
If you wish to exercise the rights above, contact us at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
.
If you wish to withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal     information, the withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of any processing     we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your     personal information conducted in reliance on other legal grounds other than     consent.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our     collection and use of your personal information. For more information,     please contact your local supervisory authority.
Privacy Notice for California, the United Kingdom, and Singapore Company       Workforce
This Privacy Notice for California, the United Kingdom, and Singapore     Company Workforce (“
Workforce Notice
”) applies solely to employees, controlling owners, directors, officers,     independent contractors, and medical staff (if any) of OneSignal who are     California, United Kingdom or Singapore residents (“you” or the “
Company Workforce
”). California, the United Kingdom, and Singapore job applicants can review     our careers privacy policy here:
https://onesignal.com/job-privacy
.
Information We Collect from Company Workforce
We collect the following categories of personal information from our     Company Workforce:
Sensitive Information
We collect the above examples of sensitive personal information from our     Company Workforce. We use this sensitive information for the purposes set     forth in “
Use of Personal Information
” below. We do not use sensitive information for the purpose of inferring     characteristics about you. We do not sell your sensitive information, and we     do not process or otherwise disclose sensitive information for the purpose     of behavioral advertising.
Sources of Collection
These are the categories of sources of your personal information that we     collect:
Directly from you
Automatically
From service providers
Use of Personal Information
We may use the personal information of the Company Workforce for the     following purposes:
Employees, directors and officers
: We may use your information for the following purposes: identifying you,     verifying work authorization, administering taxes and health, medical and     other benefit plans, keeping track of your records, contacting you,     facilitating payment to bank accounts, contributing to and administering     401(k) plans, garnishing wages required by law, evaluating performance,     tracking efficiency and productivity, protecting against disclosure of     confidential information and trade secrets, and ensuring compliance with     applicable laws and company policies.
Independent contractors
: We     may use your information for the following purposes: identifying you,     administering taxes, keeping track of your records, contacting you,     facilitating payment to bank accounts, evaluating performance, tracking     efficiency and productivity, protecting against disclosure of confidential     information and trade secrets, and ensuring compliance with applicable laws     and company policies.
Controlling Owners
: We may     use your information for the following purposes: identifying you,     administering equity ownership and taxes, keeping track of records,     contacting you, facilitating payment to bank accounts, and ensuring     compliance with applicable laws and company policies.
Legal and Other Uses
. We may     also use your information if we believe it is required or appropriate: (a)     to prevent or stop activity that we may think is, or is at risk of being,     illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity; (b) to protect our     rights, privacy, safety or property, and that of you and others; (c) to     protect our operations and the security of our Services; (d) under     applicable law; (e) to comply with legal process and our legal obligations;     (f) to respond to requests or requirements from public, law and government     authorities (including national security and law enforcement requirements)     and private parties; (g) to enforce our terms and conditions; and (h) to     allow us to pursue available remedies or limit potential damages.
We may use your information as described to you when collecting your     personal information or as otherwise permitted under applicable law         .
Disclosing Personal Information
We disclose the above categories of personal information to the following     categories of third parties:
Service Providers.
Affiliates.
Buyer, investor, etc. of our business.
Legal and other Disclosures.
Other third parties with your consent.
No Sale of Personal Information and No Sharing Personal Information for       Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising
We do not sell personal information. We do not share personal information     to other companies for their cross-context behavioral advertising purposes.     “Sell” and “share” are defined under the CCPA.
Your Rights
Your rights may include the following:
Right to know
Right to access
Right to data portability
Right to correction (or right to rectification in the UK)
Right to deletion (or right to erasure in the UK)
Right not to receive retaliatory or discriminatory treatment (CA)
Right to restrict processing (UK)*
Right to object to processing (UK)*
Right to withdraw consent (UK and Singapore)*
Right to lodge a complaint with a data protection authority (UK)
Additional rights that are not applicable are not listed above because     OneSignal is not engaged in such activities (e.g., selling, sharing for     cross context behavioral advertising, targeted advertising,  and     profiling).
*Exercising these rights may not affect the lawfulness of certain     processing that we are required to do to comply with applicable     law.
Exercising Your California, United Kingdom, and Singapore Rights
To exercise the rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer     request as follows:
emailing us at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
and including your full name     and email address and the type of request you are making (e.g., right to     know, access, portability, correction, or deletion), or
writing us at Privacy Policy, Attention: Legal, 201 S. B Street, Suite 200,     San Mateo, CA 94401
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a     verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may     also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor     child.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information     if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and     confirm the personal information relates to you.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer     request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the     request.
Sensitive Information
We collect the above examples of sensitive personal information from our         Company Workforce. We use this sensitive information for the purposes         set forth in “
Use of Personal Information
” below. We do         not use sensitive information for the purpose of inferring         characteristics about you. We do not sell your sensitive information,         and we do not process or otherwise disclose sensitive information for         the purpose of behavioral advertising.
Sources of Collection
These are the categories of sources of your personal information that we         collect:
Directly from you
Automatically
From service providers
Use of Personal Information
We may use the personal information of the Company Workforce for the         following purposes:
Employees, directors and officers
: We may use your information for the following purposes: identifying           you, verifying work authorization, administering taxes and health,           medical and other benefit plans, keeping track of your records,           contacting you, facilitating payment to bank accounts, contributing to           and administering 401(k) plans, garnishing wages required by law,           evaluating performance, tracking efficiency and productivity,           protecting against disclosure of confidential information and trade           secrets, and ensuring compliance with applicable laws and company           policies.
Independent contractors
: We may use your information for the following purposes: identifying           you, administering taxes, keeping track of your records, contacting           you, facilitating payment to bank accounts, evaluating performance,           tracking efficiency and productivity, protecting against disclosure of           confidential information and trade secrets, and ensuring compliance           with applicable laws and company policies.
Controlling Owners
: We           may use your information for the following purposes: identifying you,           administering equity ownership and taxes, keeping track of records,           contacting you, facilitating payment to bank accounts, and ensuring           compliance with applicable laws and company policies.
Legal and Other Uses
.           We may also use your information if we believe it is required or           appropriate: (a) to prevent or stop activity that we may think is, or           is at risk of being, illegal, unethical or legally actionable           activity; (b) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and           that of you and others; (c) to protect our operations and the security           of our Services; (d) under applicable law; (e) to comply with legal           process and our legal obligations; (f) to respond to requests or           requirements from public, law and government authorities (including           national security and law enforcement requirements) and private           parties; (g) to enforce our terms and conditions; and (h) to allow us           to pursue available remedies or limit potential damages.
We may use your information as described to you when collecting your           personal information or as otherwise permitted under applicable law               .
Disclosing Personal Information
We disclose the above categories of personal information to the         following categories of third parties:
Service Providers.
Affiliates.
Buyer, investor, etc. of our business.
Legal and other Disclosures.
Other third parties with your consent.
No Sale of Personal Information and No Sharing Personal Information           for Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising
We do not sell personal information. We do not share personal         information to other companies for their cross-context behavioral         advertising purposes. “Sell” and “share” are defined under the         CCPA.
Your Rights
Your rights may include the following:
Right to know
Right to access
Right to data portability
Right to correction (or right to rectification in the UK)
Right to deletion (or right to erasure in the UK)
Right not to receive retaliatory or discriminatory treatment (CA)
Right to restrict processing (UK)*
Right to object to processing (UK)*
Right to withdraw consent (UK and Singapore)*
Right to lodge a complaint with a data protection authority (UK)
Additional rights that are not applicable are not listed above because         OneSignal is not engaged in such activities (e.g., selling, sharing for         cross context behavioral advertising, targeted advertising,  and         profiling).
*Exercising these rights may not affect the lawfulness of certain         processing that we are required to do to comply with applicable law.
Exercising Your California, United Kingdom, and Singapore           Rights
To exercise the rights described above, please submit a verifiable         consumer request as follows:
emailing us at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
and including your full name and email address and the type of request           you are making (e.g., right to know, access, portability, correction,           or deletion), or
writing us at Privacy Policy, Attention: Legal, 201 S. B Street, Suite           200, San Mateo, CA 94401
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make         a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You         may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor         child.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal         information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the         request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer         request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the         request.
Category
Examples of information collected
Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online           identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name,           Social Security number (or local equivalent), driver’s license number,           passport number, visa information, or other similar identifiers.
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer           Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or           description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s           license or state identification card number, insurance policy number,           education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit           card number, debit card number, or any other financial information,           medical information, or health insurance information.
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal           law.
Age (40 years or older), race, national origin, medical condition,           disability, gender, sexual orientation, veteran or military status.
Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s           interaction with a website or application.
Geolocation data.
Physical location.
Audio and electronic data.
Recordings of virtual meetings, electronic communications, and           recordings from security cameras on office premises.
Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history, resume information, or performance           evaluations.
Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person’s intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
Sensitive personal information.
Social security number, driver’s license, passport number, company           account login, financial account information, precise geolocation,           race or ethnic origin, citizenship, immigration status, contents of           emails.
Sensitive Information
We collect the above examples of sensitive personal information from our     Company Workforce. We use this sensitive information for the purposes set     forth in “
Use of Personal Information
” below. We do not use sensitive information for the purpose of inferring     characteristics about you. We do not sell your sensitive information, and we     do not process or otherwise disclose sensitive information for the purpose     of behavioral advertising.
Sources of Collection
These are the categories of sources of your personal information that we     collect:
Directly from you
Automatically
From service providers
Use of Personal Information
We may use the personal information of the Company Workforce for the     following purposes:
Employees, directors and officers
: We may use your information for the following purposes: identifying you,     verifying work authorization, administering taxes and health, medical and     other benefit plans, keeping track of your records, contacting you,     facilitating payment to bank accounts, contributing to and administering     401(k) plans, garnishing wages required by law, evaluating performance,     tracking efficiency and productivity, protecting against disclosure of     confidential information and trade secrets, and ensuring compliance with     applicable laws and company policies.
Independent contractors
: We     may use your information for the following purposes: identifying you,     administering taxes, keeping track of your records, contacting you,     facilitating payment to bank accounts, evaluating performance, tracking     efficiency and productivity, protecting against disclosure of confidential     information and trade secrets, and ensuring compliance with applicable laws     and company policies.
Controlling Owners
: We may     use your information for the following purposes: identifying you,     administering equity ownership and taxes, keeping track of records,     contacting you, facilitating payment to bank accounts, and ensuring     compliance with applicable laws and company policies.
Legal and Other Uses
. We may     also use your information if we believe it is required or appropriate: (a)     to prevent or stop activity that we may think is, or is at risk of being,     illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity; (b) to protect our     rights, privacy, safety or property, and that of you and others; (c) to     protect our operations and the security of our Services; (d) under     applicable law; (e) to comply with legal process and our legal obligations;     (f) to respond to requests or requirements from public, law and government     authorities (including national security and law enforcement requirements)     and private parties; (g) to enforce our terms and conditions; and (h) to     allow us to pursue available remedies or limit potential damages.
We may use your information as described to you when collecting your     personal information or as otherwise permitted under applicable law         .
Disclosing Personal Information
We disclose the above categories of personal information to the following     categories of third parties:
Service Providers.
Affiliates.
Buyer, investor, etc. of our business.
Legal and other Disclosures.
Other third parties with your consent.
No Sale of Personal Information and No Sharing Personal Information for       Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising
We do not sell personal information. We do not share personal information     to other companies for their cross-context behavioral advertising purposes.     “Sell” and “share” are defined under the CCPA.
Your Rights
Your rights may include the following:
Right to know
Right to access
Right to data portability
Right to correction (or right to rectification in the UK)
Right to deletion (or right to erasure in the UK)
Right not to receive retaliatory or discriminatory treatment (CA)
Right to restrict processing (UK)*
Right to object to processing (UK)*
Right to withdraw consent (UK and Singapore)*
Right to lodge a complaint with a data protection authority (UK)
Additional rights that are not applicable are not listed above because     OneSignal is not engaged in such activities (e.g., selling, sharing for     cross context behavioral advertising, targeted advertising,  and     profiling).
*Exercising these rights may not affect the lawfulness of certain     processing that we are required to do to comply with applicable     law.
Exercising Your California, United Kingdom, and Singapore Rights
To exercise the rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer     request as follows:
emailing us at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
and including your full name     and email address and the type of request you are making (e.g., right to     know, access, portability, correction, or deletion), or
writing us at Privacy Policy, Attention: Legal, 201 S. B Street, Suite 200,     San Mateo, CA 94401
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a     verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may     also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor     child.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information     if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and     confirm the personal information relates to you.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer     request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the     request.
Sub-policy 5
https://amplitude.com/privacy:
Privacy Notice
Table of Contents
1. Introduction
2. What This Privacy Notice Covers
3. Personal Data We Collect And How We Use The Personal Data
4. When Amplitude Discloses Personal Data
5. Customer End User Data
6. International Transfer
7. Our Commitment To Data Security
8. Your Choices About How We Use And Disclose Information We Collect From You
9. Other Information About Our Privacy Practices
10. Updates And Changes To The Privacy Notice
11. Disputes
12. California Privacy Rights
13. Contact Us
14. Cookies
15. Previous Privacy Version
Last Updated: September 26, 2023
1. Introduction
Amplitude, Inc. ("
Amplitude
," "
we
," or "
us
") is a cloud-based product-analytics platform that helps customers build better products. Amplitude respects the privacy of individuals and is committed to protecting the information of visitors to the website ("
Visitors
") and individuals or entities that register to use the Amplitude products and services ("
Customers
"). This Privacy Notice describes Amplitude’s practices for collecting, storing, using, disclosing, and otherwise processing information in relation to Visitors of the website, amplitude.com, including our Community Forum and Amplitude Academy ("
Website
"), Amplitude’s marketing activities, and Customers accessing and using our products and services (collectively, "
Product
").
Please read the following carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information collected through the Website, through your use of the Product, and through our marketing activities. If you do not agree with the below policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website or register to use our Product, or to unsubscribe from our marketing.
2. What This Privacy Notice Covers
This Privacy Notice covers how we treat Personal Data that we gather about you in the course of our business, including when you access or use our Website or Product and through our or our partner’s events and marketing activities. Specifically, Amplitude is the controller of your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Notice, when it collects personal information from: (i) Visitors to Amplitude’s publicly available Website; (ii) Customers and their employees or other authorized users of their Amplitude instance when registering to use and using the Product; and (iii) when we receive personal information from or about you through our sales and marketing activities or events.
Throughout this Privacy Notice, "Personal Data" means any information that identifies or relates to a particular individual and also includes information referred to as "personally identifiable information" or "personal information" under applicable data privacy laws, rules or regulations.
For clarity, this Privacy Notice does not apply to Customer End User Data (as defined below) submitted by our customers to the Product. In those circumstances, Amplitude is processing Customer End User Data on behalf of that customer and that customer is responsible for the collection and use of your data. In addition, this Privacy Notice does not apply to the mobile applications, websites or services offered by our Customers or other third-parties. You should refer to that customer’s or third party’s privacy notice and direct any inquiries to them.
3. Personal Data We Collect And How We Use The Personal Data
3.1
PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT
The Personal Data you provide to us directly
You provide your Personal Data to us when you voluntarily fill in forms on our Website such as when you request a demo or to contact sales. This Personal Data may include: first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, country and/or state, phone number and the content of your request.
You may also share Personal Data with us through our Website when you register for an event or online webinar or training; sign up to receive our newsletter; subscribe to our blog; register to contribute and participate in our Community Forum or use Amplitude Academy; download a white paper or playbook; or complete a survey. This Personal Data may include: first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, country and/or state, phone number and the content of your request.
In order to access and use the Product, you are required to register for an account with us. When you register for an account, you may provide Personal Data to us, including first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, country and/or state, phone number, and username and password.
You may also provide Amplitude with your personal information at a marketing event or through marketing activities. This Personal Data may include: first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, work address, phone number and the content of your request.
If you attend an in-person or virtual event or agree to be recorded in a telephone or video meeting, we may record some or all of that event or meeting. For events, we may also document the event by taking photos or interviewing you at the event. We use this information for business and marketing purposes and training purposes.
You may choose to participate in an Amplitude program that allows you to pay fees with a credit or debit card, in which case you may provide your credit card or other payment details information directly to our third party payment processor. As explained below, Amplitude does not store this information.
The Personal Data we collect from third party sources
Amplitude may obtain Personal Data about you from third parties, including, but not limited to, marketing event organizers, partners, resellers, and public databases and websites.
Service providers
. For example, we may use third party providers of business contact information. The Personal Data provided to Amplitude by these Service providers about you may include your first and last name, company name, job title, business mailing addresses, business email addresses and business phone numbers, and LinkedIn URLs for purposes of delivering relevant Product updates and information, email content, advertisements and events.
Advertising partners.
We receive information about you from some of our service providers who assist us with marketing or promotional services, related to how you interact with our Website, event promotions, advertisements or communications. Amplitude requires that any third party providing us with Personal Data contact information has obtained the information lawfully and has the appropriate consent to share the information with Amplitude.
Google’s API Services.
Amplitude integrates Google’s Application Programming Interface (API) Services to allow users the option of logging into our platform with their Google credentials. If you choose to login to the Amplitude platform with Google’s API services, Google may share with us your email, name, and your unique Google ID so we can identify and authenticate you as a user. We do not share your data with any other parties, other than as may be necessary to provide our services to you. Amplitude’s use of information received from Google’s APIs will adhere to the
Google API Services User Data Policy
.
Targeted Online Advertisements:
We use third party service providers to help us understand our marketing efforts and to reach potential customers across the web. These third parties may use targeting and advertising cookies to track your online activity and across different channels, including our websites, email, and other websites and applications, to understand your interests, to display an advertisement for Amplitude, or email you with a marketing communication for Amplitude.
This Privacy Notice does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, cookies in third party ads. You should check the privacy policies of advertisers and/or ad services to learn more about their use of cookies and your information.
Information We Collect Automatically:
As you navigate through and interact with our Website or Product, we may use cookies, which are small files placed on your computer or mobile device, and web beacons, which are small electronic files located on pages of the Website or in email communications, to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and events, and patterns. You can learn more about cookies and how we use them
here
.
We also use cookies to access information when you sign in, store your preferences, interact with certain functionality in the Product, to keep you logged in, and to store a limited amount of behavioral data.
The data automatically collected from cookies and web beacons may include information from your Web browser (such as browser type and browser language) and details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, logs about your login history, identity confirmation, page views, length of visit and website navigation paths as well as information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address and connecting software. We collect this data in order to help us provide, support and improve our Website, the Product and the user experience with our Website and Product, and for network and information security purposes. You can learn more about cookies and how we use them
here
.
Additionally, Amplitude may use cookies and similar technologies to collect information about our Customers' interactions with the Product in a manner that allows us to reproduce and fix issues and to identify areas of improvement for our Product. Customers can opt out of the use of this software during their use of the Product by contacting us at privacy@amplitude.com.
The information we collect automatically may also include statistical and performance information arising from our Customers’ use of our Product and Visitors to our Website. This type of data will only be used by us in an aggregated and anonymized manner.
3.2
THE WAY AMPLITUDE USES YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We use Personal Data that we collect about you or that you provide to us as is necessary to run our business and to carry out day-to-day business activities. How we use the Personal Data we collect depends in part on how you choose to communicate with us, how you use our Website and/or Product and interact with us, and any preferences you have communicated to us. In general, we use the Personal Data in order to respond to a request from you, to carry out our legal obligations, to fulfill a contract with you, to provide the Product or other services to you, to make improvements to the Product, to protect your vital interests, to provide you with notices and for other purposes with your consent as described below.
We use the Personal Data you provide to us when you fill in forms on our Website to respond to your request, provide requested information, and to contact you about that request. Our legal basis for processing this personal information is our legitimate interest in communicating with you and fulfilling your requests.
We may use your Personal Data to provide the Product to you, including to make improvements to the Product and understand your preferences to personalize your experience, as well as for non-marketing or administrative purposes (such as notifying you of major changes to the Website, the Product or for customer service purposes). Our legal basis for processing this Personal Data is in the performance of our contract to provide the Product or other services to you.
We also use the Personal Data you provide to us for the purpose of operating our Website and Product; to detect bugs, report errors and to maintain the quality and safety of our Website and Product; and for ensuring the security and integrity of our Website and Product. Our legal basis for processing this personal information is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of and security of our Website and Product.
For Personal Data that we collect through tracking technologies about your interaction with our Website and Product, we use this information for analyzing the use of the Website and Product in order to improve the quality and design, user experience, and performance of our Website and Product. Our legal basis for processing this type of data is our legitimate interests, namely, to provide you with a better user experience.
For Personal Data we collect through targeted or online advertising cookies, we use this information to display and measure engagement with advertisements across different devices and sites and to serve you with marketing materials.
We may use the Personal Data you provide to us at marketing events, when you register for an online webinar or download a whitepaper for the purpose of offering, marketing and selling products and services to you or to communicate with you about an event. Our legal basis for processing this Personal Data is consent, which you can withdraw at any time.
We may also use any of your Personal Data identified in this Privacy Notice for the purposes of: (i) enforcing our agreements and policies, including Terms of Service or Main Service Agreement, (ii) protecting or defending Amplitude’s legal rights; (iv) protecting your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person; or (v) complying with a legal obligation.
We may use your Personal Data for any other business purpose stated when collecting your Personal Data or as otherwise set forth in applicable data privacy laws.
We will not collect additional categories of Personal Data or use the Personal Data we collect for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
As noted in the list above, we may communicate with you if you’ve provided us the means to do so. For example, if you’ve given us your email address, we may send you promotional email offers or email you about your use of the Product or Website. Also, we may receive a confirmation when you open an email from us, which helps us improve our Website and Product. If you do not want to receive communications from us, you can unsubscribe from marketing communications or email us with your preferences at privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com.
3.3 LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING PERSONAL DATA FOR EEA, UK, AND SWISS VISITORS AND CUSTOMERS
If you are an individual in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”), United Kingdom, Switzerland, or another relevant jurisdiction, we collect and process Personal Data about you only where we have a legal basis or bases for doing so under applicable laws. The legal bases depend on how you use the Website and/or Product, the Product your organization has purchased or uses, how you choose to interact and communicate with Amplitude’s Website and Product, and whether you attend Amplitude events. However, we will collect Personal Data only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the Personal Data to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect Personal Data from you and we will endeavor to make that clear at collection.
4. When Amplitude Discloses Personal Data
We may disclose Personal Data that we collect or you provide to us as described below.
We may disclose Personal Data that we collect or you provide to us to our subsidiaries and affiliates.
We may share your Personal Data collected from you as described in this Privacy Notice with third-party service providers who need to access the Personal Data in order to perform services on behalf of Amplitude, such as processing or storing such information, securing our Website or Product, or providing analytics services on our behalf. The third-party service providers are limited to using the Personal Data solely to provide the services to us and are bound by contractual obligations to keep Personal Data confidential and secure and to use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
If you are part of an Amplitude program that allows you to pay fees with a credit card or debit card and you choose to pay such fees with a credit card or debit card, your credit card or debit card information is provided directly to our third-party payment processor, Stripe, to process the payments. The payment information is transmitted directly via an encrypted connection to Stripe. Stripe uses, processes and stores your Personal Data and payment information in accordance with Stripe’s privacy policy available at stripe.com/us/privacy. Amplitude does not collect or store your payment information. Stripe maintains that it is PCI compliant and you can learn more about Stripe’s security measures available at stripe.com/help/security.
We may share your Personal Data if we believe disclosure is necessary to comply with applicable laws, regulations, respond to a court order, subpoena or a government request (such as a search warrant). If a government request or other legal process requires Amplitude to disclose your personal data, then Amplitude will use reasonable efforts to provide you with prior notification of the disclosure unless Amplitude is prohibited by law from doing so.
Amplitude also reserves the right to disclose your Personal Data that Amplitude believes, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to: (i) enforce our agreements and policies, including for billing and collection purposes, (ii) protect the security or integrity of the Website or Product; or (iii) protect or defend Amplitude’s legal rights.
In the event that Amplitude is acquired by or merged with a third party entity, we reserve the right, in any of these circumstances, to transfer or assign your Personal Data as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control. In the unlikely event of our bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, or assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors rights generally, we may not be able to control how your personal information is treated, transferred, or used.
Amplitude may disclose anonymized and/or aggregated information about Visitors to the Website or our Customers’ use of the Product that does not identify any individual.
Amplitude makes available our Community Forum and other resources or materials where you may post user generated content. The information you choose to post is publicly available and may be read and collected by others that visit these sections of the Website. Except for the details in your profile (e.g., username), the categories of data disclosed in these circumstances will depend on what information you choose to provide.
Amplitude may disclose Personal Data to third-party business partners at your direction, if you access or request contact from the third-party business partners through the Product or Website or at a marketing event.
Amplitude may disclose Personal Data that we collect or you provide to us for any purpose disclosed by us when we collect the information or with your consent, such as advertising or marketing providers.
5. Customer End User Data
This Privacy Notice does not apply to Customer End Users, Customer End User Data or Customer Applications.
With respect to the Personal Data collected by our Customers and submitted to the Amplitude platform, Amplitude is a processor and only processes such Personal Data in accordance with the instructions of our Customers. Our Customers may integrate into their mobile applications, websites or other services (collectively, "
Customer Applications
") certain aspects of our Product in order to understand how their own users ("
Customer End Users
") engage with the Customer Applications ("
Customer End User Data
").
Our Customers, not Amplitude, choose the type of Customer End User Data collected by Customer Applications, and submitted and processed through our Customers’ use of the Products. We process the Customer End User Data only according to the instructions of Customers and our legal obligations with respect to the Customer End User Data is set forth in the agreement between us and our Customers. The collection of Customer End User Data through Customer Applications is governed by our Customers’ privacy policies, and if you are a Customer End User then you should review the Customer’s privacy policy to learn more about the Customer’s data handling practices.
While Amplitude recognizes that an individual has the right to access, delete and amend the data collected about that individual, Amplitude only has a relationship with our Customers and does not interact with the Customer End Users. As such, if you are a Customer End User and you would like to access, amend or delete your data, you need to contact the Customer directly with your request which Customer may process. Amplitude will respond within a reasonable period of time to any such request or assistance requested by our Customer.
Amplitude only retains the Customer End User Data we process on behalf of our Customers for as long as necessary to provide the Product to our Customers or as required to comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce any agreement.
6. International Transfer
By interacting with the Website or using the Product or otherwise providing information to Amplitude, you understand that your Personal Data may be transferred to the United States or another country other than your country of residence and you consent to such transfer. In order to ensure that your Personal Data receives an adequate level of protection and security, Amplitude has implemented appropriate safeguards for cross-border transfers of Personal Data, as required by applicable data protection laws. These safeguards may include using the European Commission-approved standard contractual clauses to protect the transfer of your Personal Data to Amplitude’s corporate affiliates or service providers, if required by applicable law.
Amplitude complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Amplitude has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Amplitude has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles (together, the “DPF Principles”), the DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (“DPF”) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
For the actions of third party agents Amplitude engages to process data on our behalf, Amplitude remains responsible and liable under the DPF Principles if a third party agent processes the Personal Data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless Amplitude proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
7. Our Commitment To Data Security
Amplitude uses commercially reasonable physical, managerial, and technical safeguards designed to secure your Personal Data from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. These measures include, for example, physical access controls, encryption, firewalls, and detection and monitoring. Our personnel who may have access to your Personal Data are required to keep that information confidential and trained on their security and privacy obligations.
You, however, are also responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and other information used by you to access the Website or use the Product. While Amplitude does its best to protect your Personal Data, any transmission of your Personal Data is done at your own risk and Amplitude cannot guarantee that such Personal Data may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. Except as expressly required by law, we are not responsible for the theft, destruction, loss or inadvertent disclosure of your Personal Data or information. If Amplitude learns of a security systems breach, then we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. Amplitude may post a notice on the Website or in Product if a security breach occurs. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing.
8. Your Choices About How We Use And Disclose Information We Collect From You
We strive to provide you with choices regarding your Personal Data and we understand that you have the right to access, correct, delete, object to and restrict our use of your Personal Data. We also understand that you have the right to obtain a copy of your Personal Data from us and to withdraw your consent to the processing of your Personal Data by us. Please note that the rights set forth in this Section 8, unless otherwise noted, apply globally to all Visitors and Customers, whether or not you are a California resident or a resident of the EEA, United Kingdom, or Switzerland. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your Personal Data:
You may choose not to provide Personal Data through our Website or when you register for the Product, in which case Amplitude may not be able to provide certain services to you or respond to your requests.
You can access, review, correct and/or change your Personal Data by logging into your account on the Website or Product and visiting your account profile page. You may also send us an email at privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com to request access to, correct or delete any Personal Data that you have provided to us. In some cases, we may not be able to delete your Personal Data except by also deleting your user account.
If you do not wish to have your email address or other contact information used by us to promote our own products or services, you can opt-out by checking the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your Personal Data, by updating your user or subscription preferences in your account profile(s), or by sending us an email stating your request to privacy@amplitude.com. If we have sent you a promotional email, you may unsubscribe to receive future emails via the unsubscribe link in that email or adjust your user preferences in your account profile as noted above. The opt out specified above does not apply to information provided to us as a result of a purchase, product service experience or other transactions. You cannot unsubscribe from non-promotional and transactional communications.
You may also request a copy of your Personal Data that you have provided to us directly by sending an email to privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com. We will provide you a copy of your Personal Data in a commonly used electronic form.
If we collected and processed your Personal Data with your consent, where required by law, you can withdraw your consent at any time by emailing privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com.
Depending on your country or state of residence, including if you are a California resident, you have the right to opt out of the sale of Personal Data, certain sharing of Personal Data with third party ad partners, and the right to limit the use or disclosure of sensitive personal information. We do not sell your Personal Data or use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than those permitted by the CCPA. We may share Personal Data with third party ad partners, such as through cookies or by providing lists of email addresses for potential customers so we can reach them across the web with relevant ads. If you wish to opt out of sharing, you may adjust your preferences in the Cookie Settings.
If you wish to opt out of this sharing of your Personal Data with cookies on this domain, please update your Cookie Settings.
Please note to exercise the rights set forth above we may ask you to: (1) provide sufficient information to allow us to verify that you are the person about whom we have collected Personal Data, and (2) describe the request in sufficient detail to allow us to understand, evaluate, and respond to it. Each request that meets both of these criteria will be considered a "Valid Request." We may not respond to requests that do not meet these criteria. We will only use Personal Data provided in a Valid Request to verify you and complete your request. You do not need an account to submit a Valid Request.
We will work to respond to your Valid Request within 30 days of receipt. We will not charge you a fee for making a Valid Request unless your Valid Request(s) is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that your Valid Request warrants a fee, we will notify you of the fee and explain that decision before completing your request.
You may submit a Valid Request, or appeal our response to a valid request, by emailing us at privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com with the appropriate information and detail.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the GDPR, CCPA or other applicable data privacy laws or regulations. We will not deny you our goods or services, charge you different prices or rates, or provide you a lower quality of goods and services if you exercise your rights under the GDPR, CCPA or other applicable data privacy laws or regulations.
9. Other Information About Our Privacy Practices
9.1
Our Retention Practices
Personal Data that Amplitude collects and processes as a controller for the purposes identified in this Privacy Notice are not kept by Amplitude for longer than is necessary for the specific purpose identified in this Privacy Notice, unless required to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your Personal Data to comply with applicable laws or regulations), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies. When we no longer have a legitimate business need to retain your Personal Data, we will either delete or anonymize it.
9.2
Children’s Privacy
Amplitude’s Website and Product are not directed at children. We do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Data directly from individuals that are under the age of 13. If you are under 13, please do not provide or send us any Personal Data or attempt to register for or otherwise use the Product. If we learn that a child under 13 has directly provided us with their Personal Data through the Website or Product, or that we have collected information for a child under 13 through our marketing activities, then we will delete that information. If you believe a child under 13 has registered for an account on the Website or Product, or is receiving marketing materials from Amplitude, please contact us at privacy@amplitude.com.
9.3
Automated Decision-Making
Amplitude does not use any Personal Data provided by you for the purpose of automated decision-making or profiling.
9.4
Other Websites; Links
Our Website, Product or marketing materials may contain links to other third party websites or applications (such as Facebook, LinkedIn or Twitter). This Privacy Notice does not apply to any third party websites, including through any application that may link to or be accessible from or on the Website or Product, and Amplitude is not responsible for the privacy policies and the content of the third party websites or applications.
10. Updates And Changes To The Privacy Notice
Please note that we reserve the right, at any time, to add to, change, update, or modify this Privacy Notice, to reflect changes in our practices, technologies, additional factors, and to be consistent with applicable data protection and privacy laws or other legal requirements. The modified Privacy Notice will be posted on this website along with the effective date. If, in our reasonable discretion, the changes are material, we will provide you with additional notice (such as adding a notice on our Website, in the Product, or sending you an email notification). Changes to this Privacy Notice are effective when they are posted on this page.
11. Disputes
As part of our commitment to the DPF Principles, if you are a resident of the European Union, UK, or Switzerland and you have a privacy or data use concern, please contact Amplitude directly at privacy@amplitude.com and Amplitude will use its best efforts to address your concern within 45 days of receipt of your complaint. For an unresolved privacy or data use concern that Amplitude has not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S. based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
.
For any DPF disputes that cannot be resolved by the methods above, you may be able to invoke a binding arbitration process under certain conditions. To find out more about the DPF's binding arbitration scheme, please see Annex I of the DPF Principles, here:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/Participation-Requirements-Data-Privacy-Framework-DPF-Principles-dpf
.
The Federal Trade Commission has investigation and enforcement authority over Amplitude’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF
12. California Privacy Rights
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 and its amendments (“CCPA”), California residents have certain rights to disclosures about how we collect, use, retain and disclose your Personal Data. This section addresses those requirements. For a description of all of our data collection, use and disclosure practices, please read this Privacy Notice in its entirety.
Personal Data Collection and Disclosure
Amplitude does not sell Personal Data as we understand the term “sell” to be defined by the CCPA. We share Personal Data, as we understand the term “share” to be defined by the CCPA, as set forth below.
The categories of Personal Data we may collect from you, from third parties, and from your interactions with us, and categories of third party recipients to whom we disclose such Personal Data for business purposes are set forth below. For additional detail about the Personal Data we collect and use and with whom we share this Personal Data and for what purpose, please review Sections 3 and 4 above.
Identifiers (such as name, email address, work address, and phone number)
Service providers; third parties
Commercial information (such as account records and transaction data)
Service providers; third parties
Internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or Website or Product usage)
Service providers
Geolocation data (such as country, city, or approximate location inferred from your IP address)
Service providers
Professional or employment-related data
Service providers; third parties
The following categories of Personal Data have been shared in the preceding 12 months with third party advertising partners and advertising technology providers so that we can reach you with advertisements for our products and services and make them more relevant to you:
Identifiers and contact information
Analytics or other electronic network activity.
Amplitude does not use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than those permitted purposes under the CCPA. Amplitude does not have actual knowledge that it sells or shares Personal Data of individuals under the age of 16.
We retain Personal Data as described in Section 9.1 above.
California law gives California residents the right to make certain requests with regard to their Personal Data. Please see Section 8 for a description of your choices and how you may make a request.
13. Contact Us
If you have any comments, concerns or questions about this Privacy Notice or our privacy practices in general, please send an email to
privacy@amplitude.com
,
ccpa@amplitude.com
, or send mail to:
Amplitude, Inc.
Attn: Privacy
201 Third Street, Suite 200
San Francisco, CA 94103
EFFECTIVE DATE
This Privacy Notice was last updated on September 26, 2023.
14. Cookies
Amplitude uses cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns. Below we describe what cookies and web beacons are, why we use cookies and web beacons, the types of cookies and web beacons that we use, as well as what you can do in order to manage and delete cookies and web beacons.
What are cookies and web beacons?
Cookies are small text files that websites often store on computer hard drives or mobile devices of visitors to their websites. A cookie contains a unique number, which is used to recognize your computer or mobile device when you return to our Website. Cookies can remain on your computer or mobile device for different periods of time. The cookies can be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies. Persistent cookies are stored by a web browser and remain valid until a set expiration date. Session cookies only exist while your internet browser is open and are automatically deleted once you close your browser.
Web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) are small electronic files contained on pages of websites that permit companies to count users who have visited certain webpages on a website and are used for other related website statistics (e.g., recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
What does Amplitude
use cookies and web beacons for?
Amplitude uses a variety of cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies for different purposes. Specifically, Amplitude uses cookies and web beacons to enhance the experience of our visitors to our Website (for example, by remembering your preferences and letting you navigate between pages efficiently) and to better understand how the Website and Product are used. Cookies may tell us, for example, whether you have visited the Website before or whether you are a new visitor.
What types of cookies and web beacons are used by Amplitude?
Amplitude uses both first-party and third-party cookies and web beacons. First-party cookies and web beacons are cookies and web beacons that are served directly by Amplitude to your computer or mobile device. Third-party cookies and web beacons are served by a third-party service provider on behalf of Amplitude. Third-party cookies are most commonly used for advertising and analytics purposes.
There are four categories of cookies and web beacons used by Amplitude. Specifically, Amplitude uses essential, performance, functionality and advertising cookies and web beacons.
Essential cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies are necessary for the operation of the Website and Product. These tracking technologies enable you to move around on the Website and use the Website’s features. You may not opt-out of these types of cookies because they are required to operate the Website and Product.
Performance cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies collect information about how you have used the Website and Product. We use performance cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies to improve the user experience with our Website and Product.
Functionality cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies allow us to remember how you are logged into our Website, when you logged in or out and the actions you have taken while you have been logged into the Website.
Advertising cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies are used by our third-party service providers to deliver advertising to you on other third-party websites as well as help measure the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns. We also use these types of cookies to analyze Website visits and ad conversions from third-party websites.
The table below lists the types of cookies and third party service providers currently used by Amplitude but may not include all cookies or third party service providers. In addition, the below list of cookies and third party service providers is subject to change at any time.
Performance
Amplitude
We use our own products and services to analyze the user behavior within our website and our own products and services.
For more information about our privacy practices, see
https://amplitude.com/privacy
Performance
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to analyze the use of our website.
For more information about Google’s privacy practices, see
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Functional
Intercom
We use Intercom to power chat functionality.
For more information about Intercom’s privacy practices, see
https://www.intercom.com/legal/privacy
Advertising
Marketo
We use Marketo for marketing automation services.
For more information about Marketo’s cookie policy, see
https://documents.marketo.com/legal/cookies/
Advertising
Doubleclick
We use Doubleclick to track advertisements and measure website visits and conversions.
For more information about opting out of the ads, see
https://adssettings.google.com/u/0/authenticated
Advertising
LinkedIn
We use LinkedIn to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on LinkedIn.
For more information about LinkedIn’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
Advertising
Facebook
We use Facebook to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on Facebook.
For more information about Facebook’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.facebook.com/help/www/213802165366955
Advertising
AddThis
We use AddThis for their website tools like social sharing buttons.
For more information about AddThis’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.oracle.com/legal/privacy/addthis-privacy-policy.html
Advertising
StackAdapt
We use StackAdapt to track advertisements and measure website visits and conversions.
For more information about StackAdapt’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.stackadapt.com/platform-and-services-privacy-policy
Advertising
Bing
We use Bing to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on Bing.
For more information about Bing’s privacy practices, please see
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement
Advertising
Reddit
We use Reddit to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on Reddit.
For more information about Reddit’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.reddit.com/policies/privacy-policy
What are your choices about cookies?
You can decide whether or not to accept cookies through our Cookie Settings link on our Website. Most browsers allow you to configure the browser settings so that cookies from websites cannot be placed on your computer or mobile device. If you choose not to accept cookies, then you may be able to continue browsing our Website but we may not be able to provide you with certain features. If you want to opt out of advertising or performance cookies, then you may do so by reviewing the privacy policies of the third party service providers who serve the advertising and performance cookies identified above. If you would like further information about cookies and how to manage and delete them, please visit
www.allaboutcookies.org
or
www.youronlinechoices.eu
.
You can also delete all cookies that are already on your computer. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and the Product, Website and functionalities may not work.
What are your choices about cookies and interest-based advertisements?
Through the Digital Advertising Alliance and Network Advertising Initiative, several media and marketing associations have developed an industry self-regulatory program to give consumers a better understanding of, and greater control over, ads that are customized based on a consumer’s online behavior across different websites and properties. To make choices about internet-based ads from participating third parties, including to opt-out of receiving behaviorally targeted advertisements from participating organizations or to learn more about opting out of advertising cookies, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s or Digital Advertising Alliance’s consumer opt-out pages, which are located at
http://networkadvertising.org/choices/
or
www.aboutads.info/choices
. For those users located in the European Union, you can visit the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s user information website a
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
.
15. Previous Privacy Version
August 28, 2023
December 30, 2022
Sub-policy 6
https://www.loggly.com/about/privacy-policy/:
SolarWinds Privacy Notice
Last updated 14 December 2023
Last updated 14 December 2023
Our Services
Scope of this Privacy Notice/Overview
Customer Data
Other Notices
Categories of Personal Data Collected
Use of Personal Data
How We Collect Personal Data
Disclosures of Personal Data
International Transfers of Personal Data
Children
Marketing
Security
Retention of Personal Data
Third Party Links
Privacy Rights and Choices
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
Contact Information
Additional Information for Individuals in Certain Jurisdictions
Last updated 14 December 2023
SolarWinds Corporation US, SolarWinds Worldwide, LLC, SolarWinds Software Europe DAC and our affiliated companies and subsidiaries (“
SolarWinds
,” “
we
,” “
us
” or “
our
”) recognize the importance of privacy, security, and transparency. In this Privacy Notice, we explain how we collect, use, and disclose Personal Data as a “controller” or a “business” and the choices individuals have regarding their Personal Data. We also explain your rights as a data subject (or consumer) and how to get in touch with us regarding our processing of your Personal Data.
Further information about SolarWinds’ efforts and commitment to data privacy and security can be found in our
Security Statement
and on the SolarWinds
website
. For a list of our affiliated companies please refer to our
Sub-Processor List
.
Our Services
SolarWinds services include IT management and monitoring solutions, such as network, systems and database management, security solutions, applications and infrastructure monitoring (“
Services
”), which may be offered or purchased, directly and through distributors and resellers.
Scope of this Privacy Notice/Overview
SolarWinds collects Personal Data as part of its normal business operations and in the administration of customer relationships. “
Customers
” include our customers and visitors to the SolarWinds website(s), our business partners, and individuals who register to use our products and Services, or to attend corporate events. References to “
Personal Data
” in this Privacy Notice means information that identifies or relates to an identifiable individual or is linked or reasonably linkable to an individual.
This Privacy Notice applies to and describes the Personal Data that we collect as a “data controller” or a “business,” including the Personal Data that we collect about:
Visitors of the SolarWinds website(s);
Business partners;
Individuals who register to use our products and Services;
Individuals who register for or attend our webinars, conferences, and other events; or
Other individuals who communicate or interact with us about our products, Services, or business.
This Privacy Notice does not apply to the Personal Data that we collect and process about employees, applicants and contractors; different privacy notices apply to those data sets. Further, this Privacy Notice does not apply to the Personal Data that we receive, process or store on behalf of our Customers (“
Customer Data
”), as further explained below.
Customer Data
We are a “processor” or “service provider” for Customer Data and process Customer Data on behalf of and in accordance with the instructions of our Customers, who are the “controllers” or “businesses” for their respective Customer Data. Customer Data is owned and controlled by our Customers. Customer Data may include information from the end points and other systems, tools, or devices that Customers manage or monitor using our Services, and end user data related to activities on the relevant networks and systems. It may also include event logs, end user information (such as IP address, email address and computer name), and other Personal Data, where relevant. Our Customers’ respective privacy policies apply to and govern the processing of Customer Data, not this Privacy Notice. For privacy information related to Customer Data, please reach out to the Customer directly. Our Customers’ privacy and security practices are their own and differ from those set forth in this Privacy Notice.
Other Notices
Additional disclosures or information about processing of Personal Data related to specific websites, mobile applications, products, services, or programs may be provided to you. These may supplement and/or clarify SolarWinds privacy practices in specific circumstances and provide you with additional choices as to how SolarWinds may process your Personal Data.
Categories of Personal Data Collected
The Personal Data we collect, and how we use it, varies depending upon the nature of our relationship and interactions with you. We collect the following types of Personal Data:
Identifiers
: includes direct identifiers, such as name, username, account name, address, phone number, email address, online identifiers, IP address, or other similar identifiers.
Customer records
: includes Personal Data, such as name, signature, contact information, and payment information that individuals provide us in order to purchase or obtain our products and Services. We may also collect billing address, financial accounts, credit card information, order details, subscription and license information, and usage details. In addition, we collect user credentials and profile data (name, contact, authorized users).
Customer Support and Service information
: when Customers contact us for support or other customer service requests, we maintain support tickets and other records related to the requests. We may also collect call recordings related to support and customer service-related calls.
Commercial information
: includes records, products, or Services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or use histories.
Usage details
: we collect information about Customers’ usage of our Services, including IP address, Customer ID, email address, domain, date time and duration of visits to our websites, page visits, information about your computer or device including browser type, and other usage statistics, such as browsing history, clickstream data, search history, access logs, and other usage data and information regarding an individual’s interaction with our websites and Services, our marketing emails and online ads.
Geolocation data
: includes precise location information about a particular individual or device.
Audio, video and electronic data
: includes audio, electronic, visual, or similar information, such as CCTV footage (e.g., collected from visitors to our offices) and call recordings (e.g. of Customer support calls).
Professional information
: includes professional and employment-related information, such as current and former employer(s) and position(s) and business contact information.
Inferences
: includes inferences drawn from other personal information that we collect to create a profile reflecting an individual’s preferences, behavior, or other characteristics. For example, we may analyze Personal Data in order to identify the offers and information that may be most relevant to Customers, so that we can better reach them with relevant offers and ads.
Use of Personal Data
Certain laws, including the GDPR and UK GDPR, require that we inform you of the purposes for using your Personal Data and the legal bases for this processing. The following table explains why we process particular categories of Personal Data.
Purpose of use
Category of Personal Data used
Legal basis for use
Operating websites and Services and providing related support:
to provide and operate the Services, communicate with you about your use of the Services, provide troubleshooting and technical support, respond to your inquiries, fulfill your orders and requests, process your payments, communicate with you, and for similar service and support purposes.
-Identifiers
-Customer records
Performance of our contract with you
Responding to requests:
to respond to your inquiries and requests.
-Identifiers
-Customer records
-Customer Support and Service information
-Commercial information
-Usage details
-Geolocation data
-Audio, video and electronic data
Performance of our contract with you
Analyzing and improving our websites, the Services, and our business:
to better understand how you access and use the Services, in order to administer, monitor, and improve our Services, for our internal purposes, and for other research and analytical purposes including machine learning, and artificial intelligence.
-Identifiers
-Customer records
-Customer Support and Service information
-Commercial information
-Usage details
-Geolocation data
-Audio, video and electronic data
-Inferences
Our legitimate interests
Personalizing experiences:
to tailor content we may send or display on our websites, including to offer location customization and personalized help and instructions, and to otherwise personalize your experiences.
-Identifiers
-Customer records
-Customer Support and Service information
-Commercial information
-Usage details
-Geolocation data
-Audio, video and electronic data
-Inferences
Our legitimate interests
Advertising and marketing to Customers:
to promote our Services on third party websites, as well as for direct marketing purposes, including sending you newsletters, Customer alerts and information we think may interest you.
-Identifiers
-Customer records
-Customer Support and Service information
-Commercial information
-Usage details
-Geolocation data
-Audio, video and electronic data
-Inferences
Our legitimate interests and/or with your consent, where required
Protecting our legal rights and preventing misuse:
to protect the Services and our business operations; to prevent, detect and investigate fraud, misuse, harassment or other types of unlawful activities; where we believe necessary to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety or legal rights of any person or third party, or violations of this policy and our applicable agreements and terms of use.
-Identifiers
-Customer records
-Customer Support and Service information
-Commercial information
-Usage details
-Geolocation data
Our legitimate interests and/or compliance with laws
Complying with legal obligations:
to comply with the law or legal proceedings. For example, we may disclose information in response to subpoenas, court orders, and other lawful requests by regulators and law enforcement, including responding to national security or law enforcement disclosure requirements.
-Identifiers
-Customer records
-Commercial information
-Usage details
-Professional information
Our legitimate interests; and/or compliance with laws
Related to our general business operations:
to consider and implement mergers, acquisitions, reorganizations, and other business transactions, and where necessary to the administration of our general business, accounting, recordkeeping and legal functions.
-Identifiers
-Customer records
-Customer Support and Service information
-Commercial information
-Usage details
-Professional information
Our legitimate interests; and/or compliance with laws
Legitimate Interests
.
In all cases where legitimate interests are relied upon as a lawful basis, we take steps to ensure that our legitimate interests are not outweighed by any prejudice to your rights and freedoms. This is achieved in a number of ways, including the application of principles of data minimization and security, and by taking steps to ensure that Personal Data is collected only where it is relevant and is reasonably necessary for the legitimate purposes for which we use it.
Compliance with a legal obligation
.
As outlined above, we may process information to comply with a legal obligation including, for example, to access, preserve or disclose certain information if there is a valid legal request. Please contact us if you have questions on the laws that may require us to process information including Personal Data.
California Residents
.
If you are a California resident, please be sure to review the section Additional Information for Individuals in Certain Jurisdictions below for important information about our privacy practices and your rights under California privacy laws, including your right to submit a “Do not sell my personal information” request.
How We Collect Personal Data
SolarWinds collects Personal Data through its normal business operations and in the administration of Customer relationships, which may include:
Data Submitted on Websites.
In order to enjoy the full functionality of the websites or to conduct business with us, you may be prompted to provide certain Personal Data to us:
By filling in forms (for example, a “Contact Us” form) on our websites, at a trade show, or anywhere else we conduct business;
By downloading or accessing the SolarWinds Services;
By downloading documentation from our websites;
By subscribing to newsletters or other communications; or
By corresponding with us by phone, e-mail, or otherwise using our contact details. Typically, Personal Data includes name, business affiliation, business address, telephone number, and email address, and any other personal details provided or required to resolve inquiries or complaints.
Customer Support and Service.
When Customers contact us for support or other customer service requests, we maintain support tickets and other records related to the requests. We may also collect call recordings related to support and customer service-related calls.
Business Contact and Customer Relationship Management.
We collect and maintain information about our Customers, including from social networks, which may include company name, business contact name and title, phone number, email, and other contact details. We may also collect billing address, financial account, credit card information, order details, subscription and license information, and usage details. In addition, we collect user credential and profile data (name, contact, authorized users).
Usage Details.
We collect information about Customers’ usage of our Services, including IP address, Customer ID, email address, and other usage statistics. We do not collect usage details about Customer end users, except as necessary to provide and support the Services requested by Customers. When you visit our websites, our server automatically collects certain browser or device-generated information, which may in some cases constitute Personal Data, including but not limited to:
Your domain;
Your IP address;
The date, time, and duration of your visit;
Your browser type;
Your operating system;
Your page visits;
Information from third parties;
Other information about your computer or device; or
Internet traffic.
Third Parties
. We also obtain Personal Data about Customers from third parties unless prohibited by applicable law, including third parties unless prohibited by applicable law, including third parties from whom we have purchased Personal Data, public databases, resellers, channel partners, and marketing partners. We combine this information with Personal Data provided by you. This helps us to update, expand, and analyze our records, identify new customers, and create more tailored advertising to provide services that may be of interest to you.
Cookies
. Our websites use cookies. More information about our use of cookies can be found in our Cookie Policy here:
https://www.solarwinds.com/cookies
.
Aggregate and De-identified Data
. We may de-identify and aggregate Personal Data we collect such that the data no longer identifies or can be linked to a particular Customer or an individual data subject (“
De-Identified Data
”), subject to the terms of any applicable customer agreements. We may use this De-Identified Data to improve our Services, analyze trends, publish market research, and for other marketing, research, or statistical purposes, and may disclose such data to third parties for these specific purposes.
Other Data
. SolarWinds collects, uses and maintains certain other data related to its business and the Services it provides to Customers, which is not Personal Data; this Privacy Notice does not restrict our use and processing of such data.
Disclosures of Personal Data
SolarWinds is a global group of companies, and we share Personal Data with our affiliated businesses as part of our business operations and administration of the Services. We may also appoint third party service providers (who will operate under our instructions) to assist us in providing information, products or services to you, in conducting and managing our business, or in managing and improving our Services or the websites. SolarWinds may share your Personal Data with these affiliates and third parties to perform Services on SolarWinds’s behalf, subject to appropriate contractual restrictions and security measures. In general, we may disclose Personal Data as follows:
Customers:
if you use, access or communicate with us about our Services on behalf of your company (our Customer), we may share Personal Data about your access, and your communications or requests, with the relevant Customer.
Service providers:
to third party service providers who perform functions on our behalf. Third party service providers will only process your Personal Data in accordance with our instructions and will implement adequate security measures to protect your Personal Data.
Advertising and analytics partners:
to third parties we engage to provide advertising, campaign measurement, online and mobile analytics, and related services to us (with your consent, where required by applicable laws).
In response to legal process:
in order to comply with the law, judicial proceedings, a court order, or other legal process, such as in response to a subpoena.
To protect our rights:
where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of the SolarWinds Terms of Use or this Policy, to respond to claims asserted against us, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
Business transfers:
as part of any merger, sale, and transfer of our assets, acquisition, or restructuring of all or part of our business, bankruptcy, or similar event, including related to due diligence conducted prior to such event where permitted by law.
Aggregate or Anonymous Data.
We also may share aggregate, anonymous, or de-identified data with third parties for research, analytics, and other purposes, provided such information does not identify an individual.
International Transfers of Personal Data
SolarWinds and our service providers may transfer your Personal Data to, or access it in, jurisdictions that do not include equivalent levels of data protection as your home jurisdiction. This includes the United States and other jurisdictions where we, our affiliates, and service providers have operations. In addition, our subprocessors are located around the world, as described in our
subprocessor list
. We will take steps to ensure that your Personal Data receives an adequate level of protection in the jurisdictions in which we process it, that is essentially equivalent to the level of protection afforded to your Personal Data in your home jurisdiction, including through appropriate written data processing terms and/or data transfer agreements.
Individuals in the European Economic Area (EEA) and United Kingdom (UK).
If you are in the EEA or the UK, and we process your Personal Data in a jurisdiction that the European Commission has deemed to not provide an adequate level of data protection (a “third country”), we will implement measures to adequately protect your personal data, including by putting in place standard contractual clauses for international transfers of personal data, as approved by the European Commission (the form for the standard contractual clauses can be viewed
here
). To obtain additional details of the mechanism under which your Personal Data is transferred outside of the EEA or UK, you may request such details by contacting
privacy@SolarWinds.com
.
Children
The SolarWinds websites, Services and portal are not for use by children under the age of 16 years and SolarWinds does not knowingly collect, store, share or use the Personal Data of children under 16 years. If you are under the age of 16 years, please do not provide any Personal Data to SolarWinds, even if prompted to do so. If you are under the age of 16 years and you have provided Personal Data, please ask your parent(s) or guardian(s) to notify SolarWinds, and SolarWinds will delete all such Personal Data.
Marketing
Where lawful to do so, and subject to your consent where required, we may communicate with Customers (and related business contacts) about our Services. If you wish to unsubscribe from receiving marketing communications, please visit the Email Preference Center on our website or use the Email Preference Center link in our promotional emails to request cessation of these communications.
Security
SolarWinds maintains (and requires its service providers to maintain) organizational and technical measures designed to protect the security and confidentiality of Personal Data we process. Various measures that SolarWinds utilizes are further described in our
Security Statement
. However, no environment or security procedures or protocols are ever guaranteed to be 100% secure or error-free. Accordingly, we cannot be held responsible for unauthorized or unintended access that is beyond our control. We encourage you to take care when disclosing Personal Data online and use readily available tools and security measures to protect yourself online.
Retention of Personal Data
We generally keep Personal Data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected. In some circumstances, however, we may retain Personal Data for other periods of time, including where we are required to do so in accordance with legal, tax, and accounting requirements or if required to do so by a legal process, legal authority, or other governmental entity capable of making this request. In specific circumstances, we may also retain your Personal Data for longer periods of time, which may correspond to a statute of limitations, so that we have an accurate record of your dealings with us in the event of any complaints or challenges.
Third Party Links
The websites may contain links to third party websites. SolarWinds does not control and is not responsible for the privacy practices of such websites. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of these third-party websites. SolarWinds accepts no responsibility arising from or regarding such third-party websites.
Privacy Rights and Choices
In this section, we describe the rights and choices you have regarding your Personal Data. You may submit a request to exercise your rights in respect of your Personal Data to us
here
. We will respond to your request as is required under applicable law. In certain jurisdictions you have further rights in respect of your Personal Data, please see the
Additional Information for Individuals in Certain Jurisdictions
section of this Notice, below.
If you would like to submit a request relating to Customer Data, you should contact the relevant Customer directly; if you submit a request to us related to Customer Data, we will forward your request to the relevant Customer (where known) so that they may respond to your request.
Access, correction, and deletion
.
You may submit requests for access, correction, or deletion to us as directed above by contacting us
here
. We will process your request in accordance with applicable privacy laws. We may ask you for additional information so that we can confirm your identity or process your request.
Direct marketing
.
You may always opt out of direct marketing emails. If you would like to unsubscribe from SolarWinds marketing emails or otherwise change your email preferences, go to our Email Preference Center on our Site or use the Email Preference Center link in our promotional emails to request cessation of these communications. We may continue to send you transactional or service-related communications, such as service announcements and administrative messages.
Complaints
.
If you have any concerns about our use of your Personal Data, you can make a complaint to us at
privacy@SolarWinds.com
. We will take steps to try to resolve any complaint you raise regarding our treatment of your Personal Data. You also have the right to raise a complaint with the privacy regulator in your jurisdiction. You can file a complaint with our principal supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission in Ireland or with your local data protection authority where applicable. Please contact us at
privacy@SolarWinds.com
if you have any questions about how to raise a complaint.
Additional information for certain jurisdictions
.
In the section
Additional Information for Certain Jurisdictions
below, we provide additional information as required under California privacy laws, as well as the GDPR, UK GDPR, and the LGPD. Users in California, the EEA and the UK should review this section for more information regarding their rights under these respective laws.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
SolarWinds will review and update this Privacy Notice periodically to respond to changing legal, technical, and business developments. We will note the date of its most recent revision herein. We will notify you directly where we have made substantial updates to this Privacy Notice, and we also recommend that you review this Privacy Notice periodically.
Contact Information
If you have any questions in relation to this Privacy Notice, please contact us at
privacy@SolarWinds.com
. In Singapore our Data Protection Officer is Lim Chong Kin who can be reached at
DPO_Services@drewdataservices.com
or +65 6531 3699.
Additional Information for Individuals in Certain Jurisdictions
Additional Information for EEA/UK Users
.
If you are a data subject located in the EEA and the UK, you have the following rights under the GDPR/UK GDPR (as applicable) in respect of your Personal Data:
To
obtain a copy
of your Personal Data together with information about how and on what basis that Personal Data is processed;
To
rectify
inaccurate Personal Data (including the right to have incomplete Personal Data completed);
In limited circumstances, to
port your data
in machine-readable format to a third party (or to you) when we justify our processing on the basis of your consent or the performance of a contract with you;
To
request the erasure
your Personal Data in certain circumstances, such as where it is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected or processed;
To
object to the processing
of your Personal Data where that processing is based on our legitimate interests. We will no longer process Personal Data where you have so objected, unless we demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing that override the interests, rights and freedoms of you as data subject, or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims. You also have the right to object at any time to any processing of your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, including profiling for marketing purposes.
To
restrict the processing
of your Personal Data, where you have objected to the processing of your personal data, where you have contested to accuracy of your data, where it has been established that processing is unlawful or where you require your personal data for a legal claim.
To
withdraw your consent
to our processing of your Personal Data (where that processing is based on your consent). This will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before that consent is withdrawn; and
To
obtain or see a copy of the appropriate safeguards
under which your Personal Data is transferred to a third country or international organization.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority for data protection.
To exercise such rights, please contact us at
privacy@SolarWinds.com
or submit a personal data request at
Personal Data Request Inquiry
. Please note that we may request proof of identity, and we reserve the right to charge a fee and/or refuse to act on a request where permitted by law, especially if your request is manifestly unfounded or excessive. We will endeavor to respond to your request within all applicable timeframes required by law.
If you contact us regarding Customer Data for which we are a data processor, we will attempt to refer your request to the relevant Customer as data controller for your Personal Data. You may also reach out to that Customer directly.
Additional Information for California Residents
.
In this section, we provide additional information to California residents about how we handle their personal information, as required under California privacy laws including the California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”). This section does not address or apply to our collection and processing of:
Customer Data
: as noted above, we are a “service provider” or “processor” for such data, which means that our processing of Customer Data on behalf of a Customer is subject to our contractual agreements with that Customer. We only process Customer Data on behalf of the relevant Customer and in compliance with our applicable agreements with the respective Customer.
Data that Is Exempt from CCPA
: including publicly available information lawfully made available by state or federal government records or other personal information that is exempt under the CCPA.
While our collection, use, and disclosure of personal information varies based upon our relationship and interactions with you, in this section we describe, generally, how we have collected and disclosed personal information about California residents in the prior 12 months (from the last updated date above).
Categories of personal information collected and disclosed
. The table below identifies the categories of personal information (as defined by the CCPA) we have collected about California residents within the last 12 months, as well as how we have disclosed such information for a business purpose. For more information about the business and commercial purposes for which we collect, use, and disclose personal information, please see the
Use of Personal Data
and
Disclosures of Personal Data
sections above.
Personal information collected from CA residents
Categories of third parties to whom we may disclose information of CA residents
Categories
Description
Identifiers
Includes direct identifiers, such as name, alias user ID, username, account number; email address, phone number, address and other contact information; IP address and other online identifiers; other government identifiers; and other similar identifiers.
service providers
advisors and agents
government entities and law enforcement (to the extent required by law)
affiliates and subsidiaries
advertising networks
data analytics providers
social networks
internet service providers
operating systems and platforms
business customers
Customer Records
Includes personal information, such as name, account name, user ID, contact information, employment information, account number, and financial or payment information, that individuals provide us in order to purchase or obtain our products and services. For example, this may include account registration information, or information collected when an individual purchases or orders our products and services, or enters into an agreement with us related to our products and services.
service providers
advisors and agents
government entities and law enforcement (to the extent required by law)
our affiliates and subsidiaries
business partners who provide services you request
Commercial Information
Includes records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or use histories or tendencies.
service providers
advisors and agents
government entities and law enforcement (to the extent required by law)
affiliates and subsidiaries
advertising networks
data analytics providers
social networks
internet service providers
operating systems and platforms
data brokers
business customers
Usage Details
Includes browsing history, clickstream data, geolocation data, search history, access logs and other usage data and information regarding an individual’s interaction with our websites, mobile apps, and other Services, and our marketing emails and online ads.
service providers
advisors and agents
government entities and law enforcement (to the extent required by law)
affiliates and subsidiaries
advertising networks
data analytics providers
social networks
internet service providers
operating systems and platforms
Audio, Video and Electronic Data
Includes audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information, such as thermal screenings and CCTV footage (e.g., collected from visitors to our offices/premises), photographs and images (e.g., that you provide us or post to your profile) and call recordings (e.g., of customer support calls).
service providers
advisors and agents
government entities and law enforcement (to the extent required by law)
affiliates and subsidiaries
Professional Information
Includes professional and employment-related information such as business contact information and professional memberships.
service providers
advisors and agents
government entities and law enforcement (to the extent required by law)
affiliates and subsidiaries
Inferences
Includes inferences drawn from other personal information that we collect to create a profile reflecting an individual’s preferences, characteristics, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, or aptitudes. For example, we may analyze personal information in order to identify the offers and information that may be most relevant to Customers, so that we can better reach them with relevant offers and ads.
service providers
advisors and agents
government entities and law enforcement (to the extent required by law)
our affiliates and subsidiaries
analytics providers
Sales of personal information.
The CCPA defines “sell” broadly to include disclosing or making available personal information to a third party in order to receive certain benefits or services from them. While we do not “sell” personal information to third parties in exchange for monetary compensation, we may make personal information available, which may be defined as a sale by the CCPA; this is common practice among companies that operate online, such as when we make browsing information available to third party ad companies (through third party tags on our Sites) in order to improve and measure our ad campaigns and reach users with more relevant ads and content. As defined by the CCPA, we may “sell” usage details and identifiers to third party advertising networks, social networks, and data analytics providers. To learn more, please see the
Cookies
section of our Privacy Notice and our
Cookie Policy
.
Sources of personal information.
As further described in the “
How We Collect Personal
” section in the body of this Privacy Notice, above, we may collect personal information from the following sources:
Our Customers
Business partners and affiliates
Directly from the individual
Advertising networks
Data analytics providers
Social networks
Internet service providers
Operating systems and platforms
Publicly available sources
California residents’ rights.
In general, California residents have the following rights with respect to their personal information:
Do-not-sell (opt out):
to opt out of our sale of their personal information (via cookies, web beacons, and tags on our Sites), by using our preference manager. We do not knowingly sell personal information about California residents younger than 16.
Right of deletion:
to request deletion of their personal information that we have collected about them and to have such personal information deleted (without charge), subject to certain exceptions.
Right to know:
with respect to the personal information we have collected about them in the prior 12 months, to require that we disclose the following to them (up to twice per year and subject to certain exemptions):
Categories of personal information collected;
Categories of sources of personal information;
Categories of personal information about them we have disclosed for a business purpose or sold;
Categories of third parties to whom we have sold or disclosed for a business purpose their personal information;
The business or commercial purposes for collecting or selling their personal information; and
A copy of the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about them.
Right to non-discrimination:
the right not to be subject to discriminatory treatment for exercising their rights under the CCPA.
Submitting CCPA requests.
California residents may submit CCPA requests:
Online at the SolarWinds data subject request form;
By emailing
privacy@SolarWinds.com
with the subject line “California Rights Request: California Consumer Rights”; or
California residents also may opt out of sales of their personal information (via cookies and tags on our Sites), by using our preference manager.
When you submit a request to know or delete, we will need to verify your identity before processing your request, which may require us to request additional personal information from you or require you to log into your account, if you have one. In certain circumstances, we may decline or limit your request, particularly where we are unable to verify your identity or locate your information in our systems, or as permitted by law. Authorized agents may initiate a request on behalf of another individual by contacting us as set forth in the Contact Information section above. Authorized agents will be required to provide proof of their authorization, and we may also require that the relevant consumer directly verify their identity and the authority of the authorized agent.
California’s “Shine the Light” law.
California’s “Shine the Light” law (Civil Code Section §1798.83) provides certain rights to California residents free of charge, information about the personal information (if any) we have shared with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes; such requests may be made once per calendar year for information about any relevant third party sharing in the prior calendar year (e.g., requests submitted in 2021 would be applicable to relevant disclosures (if any) in 2020). If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing by emailing us at
privacy@SolarWinds.com
using the subject line “Request for California STL Information.” In your request, please attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address. We will reply to valid requests by sending a response to the email address from which you submitted your request. Please note that not all information sharing is covered by the “Shine the Light” requirements and only information on covered sharing and the relevant details required by the Shine the Light law will be included in our response.
For more information about our privacy practices, you may contact us as set forth in the
Contact Information
section above.
We also discuss SolarWinds’ efforts and commitment to data protection further in the
Security Statement
and
SolarWinds GDPR Resource Center
.
Sub-policy 7
https://www.digitalocean.com/legal/privacy/:
Legal & Security
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last Updated on
January 1, 2025
This Privacy Policy describes how DigitalOcean, LLC and its affiliates (“DigitalOcean,” “we,” “our” or “us”) collect, use, and share Personal Information (including “Personal Data,” as those terms are defined under applicable law) in connection with your use of our websites (including
www.digitalocean.com
,
www.cloudways.com
, and related domains and websites), services, and applications (collectively, the “Services”). This Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”) does not apply to information or content our customers may process when using our Services.
If you are looking for California-specific information, check out our
CCPA Privacy Notice
as well, which is incorporated into this Privacy Policy.
We may collect and receive information about users of our Services (“users,” “you,” or “your”) from various sources, including: (i) information you provide through your user account on the Services (your “Account”) if you register for the Services; (ii) your use of the Services; and (iii) from third-party websites, services, and partners.
We recommend that you read this Privacy Policy in full, including the Additional Disclosures referenced at the bottom of this document, to ensure you are fully informed. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or DigitalOcean’s data collection, use, and disclosure practices, please contact us at
privacy@digitalocean.com
.
1.
Personal Information We Collect
We collect Personal Information about you as follows:
Personal Information You Provide: We collect Personal Information when you register for an Account to use our Services or communicate with us as follows
I.
Account Registration.
When you register for an Account, we may ask for your contact information, including your name, company name, address and/or your city and country of residence and postal code, email address, payment method information including your PayPal ID and transaction information, business information, a profile image in connection with use of certain of our Services if you choose to provide one, and telephone number. If you choose to refer a friend to our Services, we may also collect your friend’s email address so that we may send them a referral or promotional code to sign up for our Services.
II.
Payment Information.
When you add your financial account information to your Account, that information is directed to our third-party payment processors. We do not store your financial account information on our systems; however, we have access to, and may retain, subscriber information we receive from  through our third-party payment processors.
III.
User Content.
When you use our Services, we collect Personal Information that is included in the input, file uploads, or feedback that you provide our Services. For example, our “Community” feature allows you to publicly post content on our Services. By registering for our Community, you agree that your profile information and the content you post may be viewed and used by other users and third parties we do not control.
IV.
Communication Information.
If you contact us directly, we may receive additional information about you such as your name, email address, phone number, the contents of the message and/or attachments you may send us, and any other information you may choose to provide.
V.
Other Information You Provide.
We collect other information that you may provide to us such as when you participate in events, surveys, research activities, or information you provide to establish your identity.
Personal Information we Receive Automatically: When you interact with or use our Services, we receive the following information:
I.
Log Data.
Information that your browser or device automatically sends when you use our Services including but not limited to your IP address.
II.
Device and Configuration Information.
Information including the type of the device you are using, operating system, configuration information, device identifiers, location of files and other data, and browser type and settings.
III.
Usage Data.
When you use our Services, we may collect information about your engagement with and utilization of our Services, such as processor and memory usage, storage capacity, navigation of our Services, system-level metrics, etc. We use this Usage Data to operate and improve the Services, maintain and improve the performance and utilization of the Services, develop new features, products, or functionality, protect the security and safety of our Services and our customers, and provide customer support. We also use this Usage Data to develop aggregate analysis and business intelligence that enable us to operate, improve, protect, make informed decisions about, and report on the performance of our business.
IV.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies.
We use cookies and similar technologies to operate and administer the Services and personalize and improve your experience with them. We may also store information that we collect through cookies, log files, and/or clear gifs to record your preferences, to collect information about your use of our Services, about the functionality of our Services, frequency of visits, and other information related to your interactions with the Services. For more information on how we use cookies and similar technologies, please visit the Cookie Policy.
Information We Receive from Third Parties.
I.
Third-Party Accounts.
If you choose to link our Services to a third-party account, we will receive information about that account, such as your authentication token from the third-party account, to authorize linking. If you wish to limit the information available to us, you should visit the privacy settings of your third-party accounts to learn about your options.
2.
How We Use Personal Information
We use Personal Information for the following purposes and in accordance with the legal bases outlined below:
Purpose
Examples
Legal bases
To provide, operate, administer, maintain, improve, expand, personalize, and analyze your Usage Data, and to develop new products, Services, features, or functionality based on your Usage Data
To create, update, and manage your DigitalOcean account or improve the Services based on Usage Data we collect
Performance of a contract or legitimate interest
To process your transactions
To share and receive information about your payment method and transaction data from our payment processors
Performance of a contract or legitimate interest
To complete surveys or conduct research
To develop new services, solutions, and products or get feedback from you on existing services
Legitimate interest
To communicate with you (either directly or through a partner) including to send you information about our Services or events or to provide you customer service
To manage your online requests for more information or demos or to contact you if needed
Take steps prior to entering into a contract or performance of a contract
To send you marketing or promotional materials
To send you marketing and promotional materials about DigitalOcean services
Legitimate interest
To prevent fraud or misuse of our Services, and to protect the security and integrity of our Services, IT systems, network, and architecture
To investigate suspicious or fraudulent activity, to protect our business from fraud or risk, to take action in the event of a security breach, or to investigate any disputes
Legitimate interest
To comply with legal obligations and protect our, your, and third parties’ rights, privacy, safety, or security
To comply with legal obligations and manage your data access and deletion requests
Legal and regulatory obligations to which DigitalOcean is subject
3.
How We Share Personal Information
We may share the information we collect in various ways, including the following:
Vendors and Service Providers.
We may share information with third-party vendors and service providers that provide services on our behalf, such as helping to provide our Services, for promotional and/or marketing purposes, and to provide you with information relevant to you such as product announcements, software updates, special offers, or other information.
Aggregate Information.
Where legally permissible, we may use and share information about users with our partners in aggregated or de-identified form that cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
Advertising.
We work with third-party advertising partners to show you ads that we think may interest you. These advertising partners may set and access their own cookies, pixel tags, and similar technologies on our Services, and they may otherwise collect or have access to information about you which they may collect over time and across different online services. Some of our advertising partners are members of the Network Advertising Initiative or the Digital Advertising Alliance. To learn more about these programs, or opt-out of personalized ads, visit the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory program for Online Behavioral Advertising at
www.aboutads.info
, or the Network Advertising Initiative at
www.networkadvertising.org
.
Third-Party Partners.
We also share information about users with third-party partners in order to receive additional publicly available information about you.
Information We Share When You Sign Up Through a Referral.
If you sign up for our Services through a referral from a friend, we may share information with your referrer to let them know that you used their referral to sign up for our Services.
Analytics.
We use analytics providers such as Google Analytics. Google Analytics uses cookies to collect non-identifying information. Google provides some additional privacy options regarding its Analytics cookies at
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
.
Business Transfers.
Information may be disclosed and otherwise transferred to any potential acquirer, successor, or assignee as part of any proposed merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of assets, or similar transaction, or in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership in which information is transferred to one or more third parties as one of our business assets.
As Required By Law and Similar Disclosures.
We may also share information to (i) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request including requests made by public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements; (ii) enforce this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations hereof; (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues; (iv) respond to your requests; or (v) protect our rights, property or safety, our users and the public. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and spam/malware prevention.
With Your Consent.
We may share information with your consent.
Other Third Parties.
We may share your Personal Information with other third parties, such as other cloud hosting providers, such as, for example, when you use our Cloudways Service.
4.
Third-party Services
You may access other third-party offerings through the Services, for example by clicking on links to those third-party offerings from within the Services. DigitalOcean is not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices of these third-party offerings, and we encourage you to carefully review their privacy policies. For the avoidance of doubt, this Privacy Policy does not apply to your use of third party services or sites. By providing these links to third parties, we do not endorse those third party services or sites and such links are provided for your convenience and informational purposes only.
5.
Security
DigitalOcean is committed to data security. To do so, we employ a variety of security technologies and measures designed to help protect information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your Personal Information.
For more information on DigitalOcean’s security controls, please see the following resources:
Data Processing Agreement (DPA)
Certification Reports
6.
Data Retention
We retain your Personal Information for as long as necessary to provide you our Services, or for other legitimate business purposes such as resolving disputes, safety and security reasons, or complying with our legal obligations. How long we retain Personal Information will depend on a number of factors, such as the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure, our purpose for processing the information, and any legal requirements.
7.
Access
If you are a registered user, you may access certain information associated with your Account by logging into our Services or emailing
privacy@digitalocean.com
. If you terminate your Account, any public activity on your Account prior to deletion may remain stored on our servers and may remain accessible to the public.
To help protect your privacy and security, we may also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before updating or removing your information. The information you provide us may be archived or stored periodically by us according to backup processes conducted in the ordinary course of business for disaster recovery purposes. Your ability to access and correct your information may be temporarily limited where access and correction could: (i) inhibit DigitalOcean’s ability to comply with a legal obligation; (ii) inhibit DigitalOcean’s ability to investigate, make or defend legal claims; (iii) result in disclosure of personal data about a third party; or (iv) result in breach of a contract or disclosure of trade secrets or other proprietary business information belonging to DigitalOcean or a third party.
8.
Your Data Protection Rights Under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are a resident of the EEA, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom (“UK”), you have the following data protection rights:
Right to access, correct, update, or request deletion of your Personal Information, which you can do at any time by emailing
privacy@digitalocean.com
.
Right to delete your Personal Information by deactivating and purging your Account in your control panel settings (e.g.,
https://cloud.digitalocean.com/settings
). All Account data will be deleted within 90 days of purging.
Right to object to the processing of your Personal Information, asking us to restrict the processing of your Personal Information, or requesting portability of your Personal Information. Again, you can exercise these rights by emailing
privacy@digitalocean.com
.
Right to opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time. You can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing emails we send you. To opt-out of other forms of marketing, please contact us by emailing
privacy@digitalocean.com
.
Right to withdraw your consent, if we have collected and processed your Personal Information with your consent.  Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect the processing of your Personal Information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
Right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your Personal Information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
9.
Your Choices
You can use some of the features of the Services without registering, thereby limiting the type of information that we collect.
You may unsubscribe from receiving certain promotional emails from us. If you wish to do so, simply follow the instructions found at the end of the email.
Many browsers have an option for disabling cookies, which may prevent your browser from accepting new cookies or enable selective use of cookies. Please note that, if you choose not to accept cookies, some features and the personalization of our Services may no longer work for you.
10.
Children’s Privacy
DigitalOcean does not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13, and children under 13 are prohibited from using our Services. If you learn that a child has provided us with Personal Information in violation of this Privacy Policy, you can alert us at
privacy@digitalocean.com
.
11.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be modified from time to time, so please review it frequently. Changes to this Privacy Policy will be posted on our websites. If we materially change the ways in which we use or share Personal Information previously collected from you through our Services, we will notify you through our Services, on this page, by email, or other communication.
12.
International Data Transfers
With respect to Personal Data of Data Subjects located in the EEA, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom that Customer transfers to DigitalOcean or permits DigitalOcean to access, the parties agree that by executing the DPA they also execute the Standard Contractual Clauses, which will be incorporated by reference and form an integral part of the DPA. The parties agree that, with respect to the elements of the Standard Contractual Clauses that require the parties’ input, Schedules 1-3 contain all the relevant information.
DigitalOcean, LLC complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF (“UK Extension”), and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. DigitalOcean has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension.  DigitalOcean has also certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (together with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles, the “DPF Principles”) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the DPF Principles, the DPF Principles will govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (“DPF”) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
. DigitalOcean’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, UK Extension, and Swiss-U.S. DPF is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission.
Please also refer to our
GDPR FAQ
and
Data Processing Agreement
for more information about data transfers.
DigitalOcean complies with the DPF Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU, UK, and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
DigitalOcean commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact DigitalOcean using the details provided below.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, DigitalOcean LLC commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”), an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://go.adr.org/dpf_irm.html
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of AAA are provided at no cost to you.
For complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found in Annex 1 of the DPF Principles.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please email us at
privacy@digitalocean.com
or write to us at:
DigitalOcean
101 6th Ave
New York, NY 10013
ATTN: Legal
The data controller of your personal information is DigitalOcean, LLC.
Additional Disclosures
CCPA Privacy Notice
Prior Versions of our Privacy Policy
May 14, 2024
October 6, 2023
July 5, 2023
June 14, 2022
July 30, 2020
©
2025
DigitalOcean, LLC.
Sitemap
.
Sub-policy 8
https://www.appsflyer.com/product/data-privacy/:
Platform
Measure
Measurement suite
Measure every action on mobile, web and CTV
ROI measurement
Understand your true mobile marketing ROI
Creative Optimization
Unlock creative performance with the power of AI
Analyze
Marketing analytics
Turn insights on campaign performance into action
Incrementality
Prove the real value of your marketing campaigns
Engage
CX & deep linking
Boost revenue with exceptional customer experience
Audience segmentation
Create meaningful conversations with your customers
Protect
Fraud protection
Protect your marketing budget from mobile ad fraud
Collaborate
Privacy Cloud
Collaborate with your partners in a privacy-centric way
AppsFlyer Data Collaboration Platform
First-party data monetization that fuels retail media growth
Partner marketplace
Connect to over 10,000 tech and media partners
Interactive product tours
iOS 14+ solutions
Data feeds & APIs
Solutions
Team
Marketing
Product
Data & Analytics
R&D
Goal
Regain iOS visibility
Kickstart app growth
Scale user acquisition
Increase engagement & LTV
Maximize ROAS
Industry
Gaming
Shopping
Finance
Food & drink
Health & fitness
Travel
Platform
iOS
Android
PC & console
CTV & OTT
Web
Mobile
Web3
Partnerships
Tech and media partners
Agency partners
Partner Program
Interactive product tours
Customer stories
The AppsFlyer difference
Learn
Resources
Stay informed with industry insights, the latest trends, original content, and all things AppsFlyer
Ecosystem
Blog
Reports & guides
Events & webinars
Tools & templates
Industry benchmarks
Videos
Podcasts
Glossary
Metrics comparison
Customers
Customer stories
Product news
Use cases
Help center
Developer Hub
AppsFlyer Learning
Come to MAMA
Company
Who we are
Find out more about our history, our team, what we stand for, and why we do what we do
About us
Newsroom
CEO blog spot
Trust hub
Careers
Social impact
Contact
From our CEO
The future of our ecosystem and web
On privacy and user experience
Aggregated advanced privacy
Pricing
English
Français
日本語
Русский
Español
简体中文
한국어
Deutsch
Portuguese
Tiếng Việt
Login
Sign up free
Contact sales
Security at AppsFlyer
How we ensure your data is protected
Staying ahead of the risks in an ever-evolving mobile ecosystem is crucial to the success of your business. Our platform is designed with security at the center, and backed by a dedicated team of experts who are always working to ensure your data is protected
Partner announcements and communications?
Click here
Security is an essential part of our product inside and out. From strict checkpoints in our security development lifecycle to continuous monitoring of our infrastructure and applications, we make sure our platform is secure 24/7/365. We’ve also implemented extensive measures to make sure your experience is safe and secure every time you log in to your account.
The cloud is an extension of our business. That’s why we only work with partners like AWS and GCP who hold the same high standards security and compliance as we do. We monitor environments across data centers using multi-layered controls to help protect our infrastructure in addition to anti-DDoS protection, WAF, API protection tools, and continuous 24/7 monitoring.
Making sure your data is fresh, accurate is our number one priority. That’s why we’ve created a business continuity plan that ensures critical operations and services are always available. Our services are hosted on a globally distributed network that provides continuous activity and provide multiple backups, allowing our servers to remain resilient in the event of significant failures.
Data security is a critical part of our efforts to help both you and your users. Our web servers support strong encryption protocols to secure connections between customer devices and our web services and APIs. All data is encrypted, both in transit and at rest leaving no vulnerabilities. There are also additional advanced options such as IP masking which you can implement at any time.
“We’re always on high alert. Always. We check and recheck our activity and seek to improve ourselves in every aspect in order to protect our systems. We don’t just check boxes, we are constantly thinking about how we can expand and go beyond.”
Our Cookies Policy
AppsFlyer respects your privacy as our website user. We use cookies to improve your user experience and for remarketing. Some of this data may be shared with select partners. See our
cookies policy
for more information.
Reject all cookies
Accept all cookies
Customize
Cookie Preference Center
AppsFlyer uses Cookies to provide, maintain, and improve our websites, to optimize our offerings and marketing activities, and to provide our visitors and users with a better experience, for example, in order to maintain your preferences, to better secure our websites, to identify technical issues, and to monitor and improve the overall performance of our websites.
More information
Allow All
Please select which Cookies you approve, you may choose all options.
Always Active
Necessary Cookies are enabled for the assurance and function of a properly run website, and they cannot be disabled. They are usually only set in response to actions permitted by you, such as, enabling functions like navigation and access to secure areas of the website. These Cookies do not store personal information that will be used for other purposes.
Performance Cookies
These Cookies provide us with aggregated (anonymous) insights into website enhancement and performance improvement. These cookies allow us to measure and improve the performance of our Sites. They help us know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the website.
Marketing Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Functional Cookies
These Cookies enable us to provide enhanced functionality and personalization through our Sites and allow for a better user experience. These may be set by us (first-party Cookies) or by third-party providers who work with us (third-party Cookies).
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 9
https://www.zendesk.com/company/customers-partners/privacy-policy/:
Skip to main content
Agreements and Terms
Policies and Guidelines
Trademarks and Intellectual Property
Procurement and Suppliers
Data Protection and Privacy
Customer Agreements and User Terms for Products and Services
Main Services Agreement
Region-Specific Terms
Professional Services Terms
How We Protect Your Service Data (Enterprise Services)
How We Protect Your Service Data (Innovation Services)
Innovation Services List
Application Developer and API License Agreement
Marketplace Terms of Use
Assignments and Transfers
Reseller Subscription Services Agreement
Data Protection and Privacy
Zendesk Trust Center
Privacy Notice
Cookie Notice
Data Processing Agreement
CCPA Addendum PowerForm
LGPD Addendum Powerform
BAA Powerform
Government Data Request Policy
Policies
Data Deletion Policy
Promotional Credits Policy
Regional Data Hosting Policy
Sub-processor Policy
Zendesk User Content and Conduct Policy
Product Terms
Accessibility Policy
In-Product Cookies Policy
Service-Specific Terms
Free Trial and Beta Services Terms
Free Trials
Beta Services
Privacy Notice
Effective Date:
March 10, 2025
For the prior version of our Privacy Notice, click
here
.
For the prior version of our Zendesk Events Policy, click
here
.
Hello! Zendesk is a service-first CRM company that builds software designed to improve customer relationships. We’ve developed this Privacy Notice (“
Notice
”) to explain to you how we collect, use, disclose, and store personal data.
This Notice
only
applies when Zendesk is the Controller of personal data (example: Zendesk website visitors’ personal data and business-to-business contact data).
Zendesk is a
Processor
, not a Controller, of personal data that we process on behalf of our Subscribers when they use Zendesk products and Services. For clarity, this means that this Notice does
not
apply to where Zendesk processes personal data as a processor in its products and Services. If you have questions related to how a Zendesk Subscriber utilizes your personal data, please contact them directly. We are not responsible for the privacy or data security practices of our Subscribers. This Notice also does not apply to personal data about current and former Zendesk employees, job candidates, or contractors and agents acting in similar roles.
Table of Contents:
Introduction
Personal Data We Collect and Disclose
How We Process Personal Data
Sources of Personal Data
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
Security and Retention
Children’s Privacy
External Links
Contact Information
Supplemental Terms for California Residents
Supplemental Information for the EEA, Switzerland, and the U.K.
Supplemental Information for Other Regions
English Version Controls
Zendesk, Inc. Affiliates
1. Introduction
This Notice applies to Zendesk, Inc. and its relevant Affiliates listed in
Section 14
(“
Zendesk
,” “
us
,” “
we
,” or “
our”
). Capitalized terms that we use but are not defined in the Notice (such as Site, Services, Subscriber, Agent, Agent Contact Information, etc.) have the meaning provided in our
Main Services Agreement
. If you are located in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”), Switzerland, or the United Kingdom (“
U.K.
”), please refer to
Section 11
of this Notice for more information about which specific entity or entities act as a controller of your personal data.
When Does This Notice Apply?
This Notice only applies to personal data that Zendesk handles as a Controller (meaning where Zendesk controls how and why your personal data is processed). This includes when you:
Visit or interact with the Zendesk.com Site, the Zendesk mobile applications, the Zendesk Marketplace, the Zendesk Developer Portal, our branded social media pages, and other Sites which we operate (collectively, our “
Digital Properties
”);
Register for or participate in our webinars, events, programs, marketing, and promotional activities;
Interact with us in person, such as when you visit our offices; and
Inquire about or engage in commercial transactions with us.
Changes
: We may update this Notice from time to time. Please check back periodically for updates. If you do not agree with any changes we make, you should stop interacting with us. When required under applicable law, we will notify you of any changes to this Notice by posting an update on our Site or in another appropriate manner.
2. Personal Data We Collect and Disclose
The below table describes what personal data we collect about you and to whom we disclose personal data. California individuals: This table includes the parties we disclose personal data to for a business or commercial purpose, as defined by California law.
Categories of Personal Data Collected
Disclosures of Personal Data
Identifiers
, such as your name, email address, postal address, phone number, and device identifiers (e.g., advertising identifiers and IP address).
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors
With third parties that are necessary to complete a transaction, such as credit card processors
Business partners who we partner with to jointly market or sell our products and Services, such as channel partners
With third parties at your direction, such as event sponsors
Professional advisors, such as lawyers, accountants, and auditors
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners
To which you have consented to the disclosure
Commercial information
, including preferences, such as purchasing history or tendencies and transactional information, such as banking information.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors
With third parties that are necessary to complete a transaction, such as credit card processors
Professional advisors, such as lawyers, accountants, and auditors
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
To which you have consented to the disclosure
Internet or other electronic network activity information and device information
, such as your browsing history, search history, device information, and other information (whether passive browsing or active engagement) regarding your interactions with us and use of our products, Services, emails, and other Digital Properties.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
Geolocation information
, such as approximate location based on your IP address, mobile device location, or information you provide to us (such as city and state you provide through a webform). You may be able to control collection of this data through the settings of your device.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors.
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets.
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners
Audio, electronic, visual, and other sensory information
, such as CCTV recordings of our premises (e.g., if you visit our offices); recordings of your interactions with our sales or advocacy teams (e.g., for quality assurance or training purposes, in accordance with applicable laws); or customer support chat or messaging logs.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors.
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
Inferences as defined by California law
, such as marketing you are likely to react positively to.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as platform vendors
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
Sensitive Personal Data
, such as proof of vaccination or race and ethnicity (optional) (where permissible under applicable law).
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as platform vendors
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
To which you have consented to the disclosure
In addition to the above disclosures, we may share your personal data to respond to lawful requests by law enforcement or other government authorities, including to meet national security requirements, in accordance with our
Government Data Request Policy
. We may also de-identify, anonymize, or aggregate personal data to use or share with third parties for any purpose, where legally permitted.
3. How We Process Personal Data
We may process your personal data for the below purposes:
Purpose of Processing
Lawful Basis
To provide our products, Services, and Digital Properties to you
, including  processing and fulfilling transactions; enabling you to access the Digital Properties and our Services; operating, maintaining, and improving our Digital Properties and Services; communicating with you, such as by completing your support requests or providing security updates; and diagnosing, repairing, and tracking service and quality issues.
Legitimate interests; Contract; Legal obligations
For our own business purposes
, including maintaining internal business records and conducting internal reporting; collecting payments and performing accounting and similar business functions; auditing and managing projects related to our Services; performing IT security management and IT-related tasks, such as administration of our technologies and network; evaluating and improving our business, Services, and Digital Properties; and performing research and development of new products and services; and processing your survey and questionnaire responses.
Legitimate interests; Legal obligations
For legal, safety, or security reasons
, including to comply with legal requirements; establish, exercise, or defend against legal claims; protect the safety, security, and integrity of our property and the rights of those who interact with us or others; investigate any content or conduct policy violations; and detect, prevent, and respond to security incidents or other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity.
These safety purposes may also involve collecting and processing special categories of personal data (i.e., health data), for office visits and events where necessary for public health or as required by applicable law.
Legitimate interests; Legal obligations; Public interest
For marketing our products and Services or those of third parties, such as our business partners
, including to solicit or publish testimonials or feedback about our products and Services; send you marketing and promotional communications or product recommendations (via email, phone, or other online and offline channels) about our Services or those of third parties; facilitate your participation in a contest or event; assess ad impressions or engage in contextual ad customization.
You may opt out of marketing communications
here
or by clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of our marketing communications. You may also manage your email preferences
here
. Note that some of our marketing materials and information may use tracking technologies and analytics tools to help us understand your preferences. For further information, please see
Section 5
below and our
Cookie Notice
.
Consent (where required by law); Legitimate interests
To fulfill a referral request when you use our referral service to tell a friend about our Services
, including by using the name, email address, title, and company name that you provide us to contact the person you are referring.
You must only provide others’ personal data if you have their consent to do so.
Consent (where required by law); Legitimate interests
Diversity, equity, and inclusion
, such as promoting diversity, equity, and inclusion initiatives and representation within our business (where authorized by applicable law).
Consent (where required by law); Legitimate interests
Corporate transactions
, such as sales, mergers, acquisitions, reorganizations, bankruptcy, and other corporate events.
Legitimate interests; Legal obligations
When you have voluntarily agreed
to have your personal data processed.
Consent
Zendesk will honor data subject rights to the extent required by law. You may have the right to access, correct, update, and, in some cases, request deletion of your personal data (subject to exceptions). You may submit a request
here
.
Zendesk uses a limited number of third-party service providers to assist us in processing data for certain purposes. These third-party providers help support certain site features, perform database monitoring and other technical operations, assist with the transmission of data, and provide data storage services. These third parties may process or store personal data while providing their services. Zendesk maintains contracts with these third parties restricting their access, use and disclosure of personal data in compliance with our obligations under applicable laws and privacy certifications described more fully below.
4. Sources of Personal Data
Information you provide to us directly
, including when you register and communicate with us directly through our Digital Properties, visit our offices, or participate in our events, marketing, and outreach activities.
Information collected from your employer
, coworkers, or friends, including information about representatives or other employees of our current, past, and prospective customers, suppliers, investors, and business partners. We may also receive your information from a friend as part of a referral for our Services.
Information automatically collected
, including technical information about your interactions with our Digital Properties (such as IP address, browsing preferences, and purchase history). More information is available in
Section 5
below and in our
Cookie Notice
.
Information from public sources
, including information from public records and information you share in public forums, such as social media.
Information from other third parties
, including information from third-party service and content providers, entities with whom we partner to sell or promote products and services, and social media networks (including widgets related to such networks, such as the “Facebook Like” button).
We may combine information that we receive from the various sources described in this Notice, including third-party sources and public sources, and use or disclose it for the purposes identified above.
5. Cookies and Tracking Technologies
We use cookies and other tracking technologies and offer you the option to manage these settings as described in our
Cookie Notice
. Some tracking technologies enable us to track your device activity over time and across devices and websites. While some browsers have incorporated Do Not Track or DNT preferences, we do not honor such signals from web browsers at this time.
6. Security and Retention
We maintain appropriate security procedures and technical and organizational measures to protect your personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, disclosure, alteration, or use.
Your personal data will be generally retained as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we collected the personal data. Once you and/or your company have terminated the contractual relationship with us or otherwise ended your relationship with us, we may retain your personal data in our systems and records to ensure adequate fulfillment of surviving provisions in terminated contracts or for other legitimate business purposes, such as to evidence our business practices and contractual obligations, to provide you with information about our products and services, or to comply with applicable legal, tax, or accounting requirements. When we have no ongoing legitimate business need nor lawful legal ground to process your personal data, we will delete, anonymize, or aggregate it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal data has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal data and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible. If you want to know more about retention periods applicable to your particular circumstance, please contact us using the details provided in
Section 9
below.
7. Children’s Privacy
Our Sites and Services are not directed to children under the age of 16, and we do not knowingly collect online personal data directly from children. If you are a parent or guardian of a minor child and believe that the child has disclosed online personal data to us, please contact us using the details provided in
Section 9
below.
8. External Links
When interacting with us, you may encounter links to external sites or other online services, including those embedded in third-party advertisements. We do not control and are not responsible for privacy and data collection policies for such third-party sites and services. You should consult such third parties and their respective privacy notices for more information or if you have any questions about their practices.
9. Contact Information
If you have questions or complaints regarding this Notice or about the Zendesk Group’s privacy practices, please contact us by email at
euprivacy@zendesk.com
or
privacy@zendesk.com
, or at:
Zendesk, Inc.
Attn: Privacy Team
181 Fremont Stree
San Francisco, CA 94105, United States
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF,  we commit to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF,  the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
here
for more information or to file a complaint.  The services of TRUSTe are provided at no cost to you.
10. Supplemental Terms for California Residents
Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”), this Section 10 applies to certain personal data collected about California individuals where Zendesk controls how and why the personal data is processed (which the CCPA calls a “business”) and supplements the rest of our Notice above. This Section 10 does not apply to current or former employees, applicants, contractors, or agents.
a. Additional Data Processing Disclosures:
The below table provides the categories of personal data we have sold, shared, or disclosed to third parties, as defined by the California Privacy Rights Act. For reference, the table in
Section 2
provides the categories of personal data collected and our disclosures of personal data.
Categories of Personal Data We Collect
California Privacy Rights Act Details: Categories of Third Parties to Whom Personal Data is “Sold or Shared”
Identifiers
, such as your name, email address, postal address, phone number, and device identifiers (e.g., advertising identifiers and IP address).
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners.
Business partners who we partner with to jointly market or sell our products and Services, such as channel partners.
Commercial information
, including preferences, such as purchasing history or tendencies and transactional information, such as banking information.
Not applicable
Internet or other electronic network activity information and device information
, such as your browsing history, search history, device information, and other information (whether passive browsing or active engagement) regarding your interactions with us and use of our products, Services, emails, and other Digital Properties.
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners.
Geolocation information
, such as approximate location based on your IP address, mobile device location, or information you provide to us (such as city and state you provide through a webform). You may be able to control collection of this data through the settings of your device.
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners.
Audio, electronic, visual, and other sensory information
, such as CCTV recordings of our premises (e.g., if you visit our offices); recordings of your interactions with our sales or advocacy teams (e.g., for quality assurance or training purposes, in accordance with applicable laws); or customer support chat or messaging logs.
Not applicable
Inferences as defined by California law
, such as marketing you are likely to positively react to.
Not applicable
Sensitive Personal Data
, such as proof of vaccination or race and ethnicity (optional) (where permissible under applicable law).
Not applicable
Although we have not “sold” or “shared” personal data for money in the past 12 months, we engage in routine practices with our Digital Properties involving third parties that could be considered a “sale” or “sharing” as defined under California law. We do not knowingly sell or share any personal data of minors under the age of 16. We do not collect or process “sensitive personal information,” as defined by California law, to infer characteristics about you. Zendesk only uses sensitive personal information consistent with the exceptions to the right to limit sensitive personal information.
Financial Incentives
: We may offer a benefit or offering in exchange for you providing personal data, such as a discount or coupon to individuals who respond to a survey. As part of these surveys we may collect personal data, such as your name, contact information, preferences, experiences, beliefs, opinions, and other responses to the survey questions. Participation in surveys is governed by the applicable terms and conditions for the survey, which will describe any financial incentives associated with that survey and how to participate. The value of your data is the value of the offer presented to you. We have calculated such value by using the expense related to the benefit. You may withdraw from any financial incentive at any time by emailing us at
privacy@zendesk.com
. If we offer another type of financial incentive, we will share with you the material terms of each offer when we ask you to participate.
b. Your Data Protection Rights:
Subject to legal limitations, certain California residents may have the below rights.
Right to Know.
You have the right to request information about the categories of personal data we have collected about you, the categories of sources from which we collected the personal data, the purposes for collecting the personal data, the categories of third parties to whom we have disclosed your personal data, and the purpose for which we disclosed your personal data (“
Categories Report
”). You may also request information about the specific pieces of personal data we have collected about you (“
Specific Pieces Report
”).
Right to Delete.
You have the right to request that we delete personal data that we have collected from you.
Right to Correct.
You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal data that we maintain about you.
Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing.
We do not sell personal data to third parties in exchange for money. However, as we explain in
Section 5
, we share information with advertising partners and allow advertising partners to collect information from our Digital Properties. This exchange may be considered a “sale” or “sharing” under California law, and you have the right to opt out of this “sale” or “sharing” of personal data.
California residents may request to exercise the Right to Know, the Right to Delete, and the Right to Correct by using our
webform
. We will not discriminate against you, in any manner prohibited by applicable law, for exercising these rights.
How to Fully Exercise the Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing:
In order to fully exercise the Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing with respect to any “sale” or “sharing” of information, you must undertake both of the following steps:
Submit a Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing request using our
webform
; and
Disable the use of advertising cookies and other tracking technologies by clicking the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link in our website footer. You must complete this step on each of our Sites from each browser and on each device that you use. These steps are necessary so that we can place a first-party cookie signaling that you have opted out on each browser and each device you use.
If you block cookies, we will be unable to comply with your Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing request for device data that we automatically collect and disclose to third parties online using cookies, pixels, and other tracking technologies. If you clear the cookies in your browser, you will need to follow Step 2 above again. To the extent required by California law, we will honor “Do Not Sell or Share” opt-out preference signals sent in a format commonly-used and recognized by businesses at the browser level, such as an HTTP header field or JavaScript object.
Verification:
To process California data protection requests, we will need to obtain information to locate you in our records or verify your identity, depending on the nature of the request. In most cases, we will request information about you, which may include your name, email address, or other information. If you submit a Right to Know “Specific Pieces Report,” we may also request a signed declaration, under penalty of perjury, that you are who you say you are. We may request alternative information under certain circumstances and/or use third parties to help verify your identity.
Authorized Agents:
Authorized agents may exercise California data protection rights on behalf of California individuals, but we reserve the right to verify the individual’s identity directly as described above. Authorized agents must contact us by submitting a request through our
webform
and indicate that they are submitting the request as an agent. We may require the agent to demonstrate authority to act on your behalf by providing signed permission from you. We may also require you to verify your own identity directly with us or to directly confirm with us that you provided the authorized agent permission to submit the request.
Timing:
We will process Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing requests within fifteen business days from the date we received the request. We will respond to Requests to Delete and Requests to Know within forty-five days unless we need more time, in which case we will notify you, and it may take up to ninety days to respond to your request.
11. Supplemental Information for the EEA, Switzerland, and the U.K.
The following terms supplement the Notice with respect to our processing of EEA (i.e., European Union Member States, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway), Swiss, and U.K. personal data. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between the other parts of the Notice and the terms of this Section 11, Section 11 shall govern and prevail with regard to the processing of EEA, Swiss, and U.K. Personal Data, to the extent applicable.
Data Controller:
The Zendesk entity with which you have a primary relationship (such as the entity that concluded the Services contract with you; the entity that has provided you with marketing materials and promotional communications; or the primary entity in the region where you access our Site) is the controller within the scope of this Notice. In the majority of cases, this will be Zendesk, Inc., unless we specifically inform you otherwise.
a. Legal Basis for Processing:
Please see
Section 3
for the legal basis on which we rely for the collection, processing, and use of personal data.
b. Your Data Protection Rights:
Under applicable data protection laws, you may exercise certain rights regarding your personal data:
Right to Access.
You have the right to obtain confirmation from us whether we are processing your personal data and related information, as well as the right to obtain a copy of your personal data undergoing processing.
Right to Data Portability.
You may receive your personal data, that you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly-used, and machine-readable format, and you may have the right to transmit it to other data controllers without hindrance. This right only exists if the processing is based on your consent or a contract, and the processing is carried out by automated means.
Right to Rectification.
You have the right to request the rectification of inaccurate personal data and to have incomplete data completed.
Right to Objection.
You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data in certain cases.
Right to Restrict Processing.
You may request that we restrict the processing of your personal data in certain cases.
Right to Erasure.
You may request that we erase your personal data in certain cases.
Right to Lodge a Complaint.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, we commit to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of  the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs), the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) and the Gibraltar Regulatory Authority (GRA), and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF,  the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
Right to Refuse or Withdraw Consent.
In case we ask for your consent to process your personal data, you are free to refuse to give it. If you have given your consent, you may withdraw it at any time without any adverse consequences. The lawfulness of any processing of your personal data that occurred prior to the withdrawal of your consent will not be affected.
Right to Not Be Subject to Automated Decision-making.
The types of automated decision-making referred to in Article 22(1) and (4) EU/UK General Data Protection Regulation (“
GDPR
”) do not take place in connection with your personal data. Should this change, we will inform you about why and how any such decision was made, the significance of it, and the possible consequences of it. You will also have the right to human intervention, to express your point of view, and to contest the decision.
You may exercise these rights by contacting us using the details provided in
Section 9
above. Please note that we may refuse to act on requests to exercise data protection rights in certain cases, such as where providing access might infringe someone else’s privacy rights or impact our legal obligations.
c. International Transfers of Personal Data:
Due to the global nature of our operations, some of the recipients mentioned in
Section 2
of the Notice may be located in countries outside the EEA, Switzerland, or the U.K., which do not provide an adequate level of data protection as defined by data protection laws in the EEA, Switzerland, and the U.K. Transfers within the Zendesk Group or to third parties located in such third countries take place using a valid data transfer mechanism, such as the EU Standard Contractual Clauses and/or the U.K. Addendum to such clauses, approved Binding Corporate Rules, approved codes of conduct and certifications mechanisms, on the basis of permissible statutory derogations, or any other valid data transfer mechanism issued or approved by the EEA, Swiss, or U.K. authorities. More information on (including a copy of) our Binding Corporate Rules is available
here
, and evidence of our Binding Corporate Rules approval is available on the European Data Protection Board’s website
here
. Certain third countries have been officially recognized by the EEA, Swiss, and U.K. authorities as providing an adequate level of protection and no further safeguards are necessary. Please reach out to us using the contact information in
Section 9
above, if you wish to receive further information about how we transfer personal data or, where available, a copy of the relevant data transfer mechanism.
Zendesk, Inc., FutureSimple Inc., and Smooch Technologies US Inc. comply with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce (collectively, the “Principles”).  Zendesk, Inc. FutureSimple Inc., and Smooch Technologies US Inc.  have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  Zendesk, Inc. FutureSimple Inc., and Smooch Technologies US Inc. have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  For complaints regarding EU-U.S. DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/ANNEX-I-introduction-dpf
. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
In the context of onward transfers, Zendesk is accountable for the processing of personal data it receives under the Principles and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. Zendesk remains liable under the Principles if Zendesk’s agent processes personal data in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless Zendesk proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to damage.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Zendesk, Inc., FutureSimple Inc., and Smooch Technologies US Inc. compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF).
Data Protection Officer:
The contact details for our data protection officer are as follows: Zendesk, Inc., Attn: Privacy Team and DPO, 181 Fremont Street, San Francisco, CA 94105, United States,
euprivacy@zendesk.com
or
privacy@zendesk.com
.
12. Supplemental Information for Other Regions
Australia:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with the Australian Privacy Act 1988 (Commonwealth) and the Australia Privacy Principles. If you are dissatisfied with our handling of a complaint or do not agree with the resolution proposed by us, you may make a complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (“
OAIC
”) by contacting the OAIC using the methods listed on
their website
. Alternatively, you may request that we pass on the details of your complaint to the OAIC directly.
Brazil:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (“
LGPD
”). Those individuals who use or access our Sites or Services expressly consent to the collection, use, storage, and processing of their personal data by us for the purposes described in this Notice.
Canada:
Personal data, as defined in the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“
PIPEDA
”) will be collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group in accordance with the Zendesk Group’s obligations under PIPEDA.
Japan:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with Japan’s Act on the Protection of Personal Information (“
APPI
”).
Nevada:
We do not presently sell personal data as defined under Nevada law. If you are a Nevada resident, you may nevertheless email us using the information above to exercise your right to opt-out of sale under Nevada Revised Statutes §603A et seq.
New Zealand:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with New Zealand’s Privacy Act 2020 and its 13 Information Privacy Principles (“
NZ IPPs
”).
Singapore:
Personal data collected, stored, used and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with the Zendesk Group’s obligations under the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (“
PDPA
”).
United Kingdom:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Privacy Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with the Zendesk Group’s obligations under the UK Data Protection Act 2018, as amended by the Data Protection, Privacy and Electronic Communications (Amendments etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, as amended, superseded or replaced (“
U.K. GDPR
”).
13. English Version Controls
Non-English translations of this notice are provided for convenience only. In the event of any ambiguity or conflict between translations, the English version is authoritative and controls.
14. Zendesk, Inc. Affiliates
Zendesk, Inc.; Zendesk Brasil Software Corporativo Ltda; Zendesk UK Limited; Zendesk International Limited; Zendesk APS; Zendesk Pty., Ltd; Kabushiki Kaisha Zendesk; Zendesk Incorporated; Zendesk GmbH; Zendesk Singapore Pte. Ltd.; Zendesk France SAS; Base sp. z o. o. (Base spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością); Zendesk Technologies Private Limited; FutureSimple Inc.; Zendesk Korea LLC; Smooch Technologies ULC; Cleverly, Unipessoal, LDA.; ZD Sub Holdings (U.S.); Zendesk Sweden AB.; Smooch Technologies US Inc. (U.S.); Zendesk S. de R.L. de C.V. (Mexico); Zendesk Technologies Spain S.L. (Spain); Zoro TopCo, LP; Zendesk Netherlands B.V.; Zendesk Italy S.r.l.; Tymeshift Inc; Tymeshift doo Novi Sad; Tymeshift Portugal, Unipessoal Lda.
Sub-policy 10
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=ru:
Политика конфиденциальности и Условия использования
Обзор
Политика конфиденциальности
Условия использования
Технологии
Часто задаваемые вопросы
Аккаунт Google
Политика конфиденциальности
Введение
Какие данные мы собираем
Зачем Google собирает данные
Ваши настройки доступа
Передача Вашей информации
Защита Вашей информации
Экспорт и удаление Вашей информации
Хранение Вашей информации
Соблюдение нормативных требований и взаимодействие с регулирующими органами
Законодательство Европейского союза
Общие сведения об этой Политике конфиденциальности
Другие документы по конфиденциальности
Нормативная база в отношении передачи данных
Основные понятия
Партнеры
Обновления
Политика конфиденциальности Google
Пользуясь сервисами Google, Вы доверяете нам свою личную информацию. Мы делаем все для обеспечения ее безопасности и в то же время предоставляем Вам возможность управлять своими данными.
Внимательно изучите нашу Политику конфиденциальности, чтобы знать, какие сведения мы собираем, в каких целях их используем и как Вы можете их изменять, экспортировать или удалять.
Если законодательство Европейского союза (ЕС) или Великобритании в отношении защиты данных распространяется на обработку Ваших данных, ознакомьтесь с
разделом требований ЕС
ниже. В нем Вы найдете подробную информацию о своих правах и о том, как Google соблюдает эти законы.
Проверка настроек конфиденциальности
Хотите изменить настройки конфиденциальности?
Пройти проверку настроек конфиденциальности
Вступает в силу 16 сентября 2024 г.
|
Предыдущие версии
|
Скачать в формате PDF
Содержание
Введение
Какие данные мы собираем
Зачем Google собирает данные
Ваши настройки доступа
Передача Вашей информации
Защита Вашей информации
Экспорт и удаление Вашей информации
Хранение Вашей информации
Соблюдение нормативных требований и взаимодействие с регулирующими органами
Законодательство Европейского союза
Общие сведения об этой Политике конфиденциальности
Другие документы по конфиденциальности
Мы предлагаем множество сервисов, которые помогают миллионам людей ежедневно узнавать что-то новое, решать различные задачи и просто общаться друг с другом. Вот лишь несколько примеров наших продуктов:
приложения, сайты и устройства, такие как Google Поиск, YouTube и Google Home;
платформы, такие как браузер Chrome и операционная система Android;
решения, которые можно встраивать в приложения от других разработчиков и на сторонние сайты, например рекламные сервисы, сервисы аналитики, встроенные Google Карты.
Чтобы управлять собственной конфиденциальностью, Вы можете использовать наши сервисы разными способами. Если Вы хотите размещать контент и управлять им, например переписываться в Gmail и хранить фотографии в Google Фото, а также получать более актуальные результаты в Google Поиске, Вы можете создать аккаунт Google. В то же время многими сервисами можно пользоваться, не входя в аккаунт и даже не создавая его, например искать в Google и смотреть видео на YouTube. Кроме того, Вы можете посещать веб-страницы в
режиме инкогнито Google Chrome
, в котором сведения о Ваших действиях в интернете недоступны другим пользователям устройства. Во всех наших сервисах Вы сами указываете, можем ли мы собирать некоторые типы информации о Вас и как ее можно использовать.
Чтобы наши правила были как можно более понятными, мы добавили в них примеры, видеоролики и определения
основных терминов
. Если у Вас появятся вопросы в отношении Политики конфиденциальности Google,
свяжитесь с нами
.
Какие данные мы собираем
Типы информации
Google собирает пользовательские данные для того, чтобы наши сервисы были более удобными. Благодаря этому мы не только определяем, на каком языке Вы задали запрос, но решаем более сложные задачи, например автоматически подбираем
полезные объявления
или интересные видеоролики на YouTube, а также помогаем находить
контакты друзей и знакомых в Интернете
. Тип данных, которые мы собираем, зависит от того, как Вы используете наши продукты и какие настройки конфиденциальности заданы в Вашем аккаунте.
Если Вы не вошли в аккаунт Google, мы храним информацию, которую собираем, используя
уникальные идентификаторы
, связанные с вашими браузерами, приложениями и
устройствами
. Это позволяет нам запоминать Ваши настройки и другие данные, например предпочтительный язык, настройки персонализации рекламы и результатов поиска.
Если Вы выполнили вход, мы собираем и сохраняем в аккаунте Google информацию, которые обрабатываем как
личные данные
.
Контент, который Вы создаете или предоставляете нам
Создавая аккаунт Google, Вы сообщаете нам
личную информацию
, включая свое имя и пароль. Вы также можете указать
номер телефона
или
платежные данные
. Даже если вход в аккаунт Google не выполнен, Вы по желанию можете сообщить нам какие-то сведения о себе, например адрес электронной почты, чтобы получать новости наших сервисов или поддерживать связь с Google иным способом.
Мы также собираем контент, который Вы создаете, загружаете или получаете от других пользователей при использовании наших продуктов. К нему относятся письма, фотографии и видео, которые Вы сохраняете, документы и таблицы, автором которых Вы являетесь, Ваши комментарии к роликам на YouTube и т. д.
Информация, которую мы собираем при использовании Вами наших сервисов
Приложения, браузеры и устройства
Мы регистрируем информацию о приложениях, браузерах и
устройствах
, которые Вы используете для доступа к сервисам Google. Это обеспечивает работу таких функций, как автоматическое обновление приложений и затемнение экрана при малом заряде батареи.
Помимо прочего, мы собираем
уникальные идентификаторы
, а также такие данные, как тип и настройки браузера и устройства, операционная система, мобильная сеть (включая название оператора и номер телефона) и номер версии приложения. Нами также регистрируется информация о взаимодействии Ваших приложений, браузеров и устройств с нашими сервисами, в том числе
IP-адрес
, отчеты о сбоях, сведения о действиях в системе, дата и время, когда Вы посетили наш ресурс, и URL, с которого Вы на него перешли (URL перехода).
Эти данные мы получаем, когда продукт Google с Вашего устройства обращается к нашим серверам, например при установке приложения из Google Play или проверке на наличие обновлений.
Устройства Android с приложениями Google
периодически связываются с серверами Google и передают нашим сервисам данные о себе и подключении. К таким данным относятся, в частности,
тип устройства, название оператора мобильной связи
, отчеты о сбоях, список установленных приложений и, в зависимости от настроек,
другая информация о том, как Вы используете устройство Android
.
Ваши действия
Мы собираем информацию о том, какие действия Вы выполняете в сервисах Google. Это обеспечивает работу различных полезных функций, например выбор рекомендуемых видео на YouTube. К такой информации относятся:
Запросы, по которым Вы выполняли поиск
Видео, которые Вы просматриваете
Просмотры и взаимодействия с контентом и объявлениями
Голосовая и аудиоинформация
Покупки
Пользователи, с которыми Вы общаетесь или обмениваетесь контентом
Ваши действия на сторонних сайтах и в сторонних приложениях, использующих сервисы Google
История просмотров страниц Chrome,
синхронизированная с Вашим аккаунтом Google
Если Вы используете
сервисы Google, предназначенные для совершения и приема вызовов или отправки и получения сообщений
, мы можем собирать данные о звонках и сообщениях, включая номера телефонов для входящих, исходящих и переадресованных вызовов, адреса электронной почты отправителей и получателей, дату и время звонков и сообщений, продолжительность звонков, типы и количество звонков и сообщений, а также маршрутизацию вызовов.
Вы можете указывать в настройках аккаунта Google, какие данные о нем мы будем собирать.
Перейти в аккаунт Google
Ваше местоположение
Мы собираем данные о местоположении, когда Вы пользуетесь нашими сервисами, чтобы Вам были доступны такие функции, как автомобильные маршруты, поиск объектов рядом и реклама с учетом местоположения.
В зависимости от того, какие продукты вы используете и какие настройки выбираете, Google может использовать разные типы данных о местоположении, чтобы делать некоторые сервисы и продукты полезнее для вас. К таким типам данных относятся:
Данные GPS и других
датчиков Вашего устройства
IP-адрес
Ваши действия в сервисах Google
, например поисковые запросы или
отметки важных мест, таких как работа или дом
.
Сведения об объектах вокруг Вас
, например точках доступа Wi-Fi, антеннах сотовой связи и устройствах с включенным модулем Bluetooth
Типы данных о местоположении, которые мы собираем, и длительность их хранения частично зависят от настроек Вашего устройства и аккаунта. Например, Вы можете отключить или включить на своем устройстве Android
геолокацию
. Если же Вы активируете
историю местоположений
, то в дальнейшем сможете увидеть на карте места, где побывали с устройствами, на которых выполнен вход в аккаунт Google. А если у Вас включена история приложений и веб-поиска, в Вашем аккаунте Google будет сохраняться информация о поисковых запросах и других Ваших действиях в сервисах Google, которая также может включать данные о местоположении. Подробнее о том,
как мы используем данные о местоположении
.
В некоторых случаях мы также собираем данные о Вас из
общедоступных источников
. Например, если Ваше имя упоминается в местной газете, Google может проиндексировать эту статью и показать ее пользователям, которые выполнят поиск по Вашему имени. Мы также можем получать данные о Вас от доверенных партнеров, например от справочных служб, которые предоставляют нам информацию о компаниях для размещения в сервисах Google, от партнеров по маркетингу, которые предоставляют нам сведения о потенциальных клиентах наших бизнес-сервисов, а также от партнеров по обеспечению безопасности, которые консультируют компанию Google по вопросам
профилактики злоупотреблений
. Кроме того, партнеры делятся с нами определенной
информацией, которая необходима для проведения маркетинговых исследований и показа объявлений
.
Для получения и хранения данных мы применяем различные технологии, такие как
файлы cookie
и
теги пикселей
, локальные хранилища, например
интернет-хранилище в браузере
или
кеш приложений
, базы данных и
журналы серверов
.
Зачем Google собирает данные
Пользовательские данные позволяют сделать наши сервисы более удобными
Благодаря полученным данным мы можем поддерживать и улучшать существующие сервисы, создавать новые, а также обеспечивать безопасность Google и наших пользователей.
Пользовательские данные обеспечивают работу функций в сервисах Google
Мы используем личную информацию пользователей
в работе наших сервисов
. Например, она помогает нам обрабатывать Ваши поисковые запросы или подсказывать адреса получателей, которым Вы хотите предоставить доступ к контенту.
Пользовательские данные позволяют поддерживать и оптимизировать сервисы Google
Пользовательская информация также необходима для
обеспечения стабильной работы сервисов
(например, она помогает отслеживать сбои) и для их
оптимизации
. В частности, мы можем определять, в каких поисковых запросах чаще всего допускаются ошибки. Это позволяет нам улучшить функцию проверки орфографии.
Пользовательские данные помогают разрабатывать новые сервисы
Благодаря собранной информации мы можем создавать новые приложения. Например, когда мы изучили, как пользователи систематизируют фотографии в Picasa (первом приложении Google для управления коллекциями снимков), то смогли разработать Google Фото.
Пользовательские данные обеспечивают персонализацию сервисов, в том числе подбор контента и рекламы
Мы используем собранные данные для того, чтобы настраивать сервисы в соответствии с потребностями пользователей, предоставлять индивидуальные рекомендации, специально подобранный контент и
результаты поиска
. Например, рекомендации на сайте
Проверка безопасности
связаны с решениями Google, которые Вы используете. В зависимости от выбранных Вами доступных настроек и на основе установленных у Вас приложений и просмотренных Вами видео на YouTube мы можем предлагать Вам в Google Play приложения, которые могут Вас заинтересовать.
Если Вы не отключили эту функцию в настройках аккаунта, мы также можем показывать Вам
индивидуально подобранные рекламные объявления
в зависимости от Ваших интересов и действий в сервисах Google. Например, если Вы выполните поиск по запросу "горный велосипед", то после этого Вам может показываться реклама спортивного снаряжения на YouTube. Чтобы мы знали, какие именно предложения стоит Вам показывать, настройте свои рекламные предпочтения в
Центре управления рекламой
.
Мы не показываем пользователям персонализированную рекламу, связанную с
деликатными категориями
, такими как расовая и религиозная принадлежность, сексуальная ориентация или состояние здоровье.
Мы не персонализируем рекламу на основании контента из Google Диска, Gmail и Google Фото.
Google не передает рекламодателям Вашу личную информацию, такую как имя и адрес электронной почты, кроме случаев, когда Вы сами нас об этом просите. Например, если Вы нашли цветочный магазин неподалеку и нажали кнопку вызова, мы соединим Вас с этим магазином. В этом случае магазину может быть передан Ваш номер телефона.
Перейти в Центр управления рекламой
Пользовательские данные помогают оценивать эффективность
Мы используем информацию, чтобы отслеживать, как пользователи взаимодействуют с нашими сервисами. Например, мы анализируем информацию о посещении наших сайтов, чтобы оптимизировать их внутреннюю структуру. В свою очередь, рекламодатели могут оценивать эффективность своих кампаний, основываясь на Ваших действиях в Google Поиске и информации о том, на какие объявления Вы нажимаете. Для этого мы используем целый ряд инструментов, например Google Аналитику. Когда Вы посещаете сайты или используете приложения, подключенные к этому сервису, клиент Google Аналитики может разрешить компании Google получить информацию о Ваших действиях, которую легко
соотнести
с аналогичными сведениями с других сайтов или из других приложений, где используются наши рекламные сервисы.
Пользовательские данные нужны для того, чтобы поддерживать с Вами связь
Мы используем личную информацию, такую как адрес электронной почты, для коммуникации с Вами. К примеру, мы можем отправлять оповещения о подозрительных попытках входа в аккаунты с новых устройств и изменениях в наших продуктах. А когда Вы обращаетесь в Google, Ваши сообщения сохраняются, чтобы мы могли решить проблему быстрее.
Пользовательские данные обеспечивают безопасность компании Google, пользователей и других лиц
Информация, которую мы собираем, крайне важна для обеспечения
безопасности и надежности
наших сервисов. Располагая ею, мы можем своевременно выявлять и блокировать угрозы, чтобы не позволить злоумышленникам нанести вред Google, пользователям и
общественным интересам
.
Для выполнения этих задач мы используем разные технологии обработки данных. Наши автоматизированные системы анализируют Ваш контент и специально подбирают для Вас объявления и результаты поиска, а также адаптируют другие функции с учетом того, как Вы пользуетесь продуктами Google. Кроме того, это позволяет вовремя пресекать распространение спама, вредоносного ПО и нелегального контента, а также препятствовать прочей
противоправной деятельности
. Мы также применяем
алгоритмы
для поиска закономерностей в данных. Например, Google Переводчик определяет, какие фразы пользователи вводят чаще всего, чтобы предлагать более точный перевод.
Для реализации описанных выше целей мы можем
использовать данные
, поступающие к нам из различных сервисов и с устройств, которыми Вы пользуетесь. Например, если Вы посмотрели на YouTube видеозаписи выступлений гитаристов, то впоследствии можете увидеть на сайте, где размещаются объявления с помощью наших рекламных инструментов, рекламу уроков игры на гитаре (в зависимости от выбранных Вами доступных настроек). Если Вы не отключили эту функцию в настройках, мы можем связать
Ваши действия на различных сайтах и в приложениях
с Вашими персональными данными, чтобы повысить эффективность сервисов Google и показывать Вам подходящую рекламу.
Если Ваш адрес электронной почты или иная идентификационная информация уже известна другим пользователям, мы можем сообщить им общедоступные данные Вашего аккаунта Google, включая имя и фотографию. Благодаря этому, например, им будет проще определять, какие письма приходят им от Вас.
Если Ваши данные требуются нам для выполнения действий, не упомянутых в текущей Политике конфиденциальности, мы всегда запрашиваем у Вас предварительное согласие на их использование.
Ваши настройки доступа
Вы можете указывать, как Google будет собирать и использовать Ваши данные
В этом разделе мы расскажем об основных инструментах, используемых для управления конфиденциальностью в наших сервисах. Посмотреть и изменить ее параметры можно с помощью инструмента
Проверка настроек конфиденциальности
. Кроме того, в отдельных продуктах доступны специальные настройки безопасности. Более подробные сведения Вы найдете в
этом руководстве
.
Перейти к проверке настроек конфиденциальности
Просмотр и изменение личных данных
Вы можете управлять своими личными данными, сохраненными в Google. Для этого нужно выполнить вход в свой аккаунт и перейти в нужный сервис. Например, Вы в любой момент можете посмотреть свой контент в Google Фото или на Google Диске и внести в него изменения.
В Вашем
аккаунте Google
есть различные инструменты для управления информацией, которые перечислены ниже.
Настройки доступа
Отслеживание действий
Вы можете выбирать, данные о каких действиях будут сохраняться в Вашем аккаунте. Например, если включена история YouTube, то в Вашем аккаунте сохраняются сведения о том, что Вы смотрите и ищете на YouTube. Это позволяет Вам получать более точные рекомендации и смотреть видео с того момента, на котором Вы остановились. Если же включена история приложений и веб-поиска, в аккаунте Google сохраняются сведения о Ваших поисковых запросах и действиях в других сервисах Google. Эти данные позволяют быстрее находить актуальный контент и получать более точные рекомендации. В истории приложений и веб-поиска Вы также можете указать, нужно ли сохранять в аккаунте Google
сведения о Ваших действиях на других сайтах, устройствах и в приложениях, использующих сервисы Google
, например приложениях для Android. Такая информация помогает нам улучшать сервисы Google.
Проверить настройки отслеживания действий
Настройки рекламных предпочтений
Вы можете выбирать, какие рекламные объявления следует показывать Вам на ресурсах Google, а также на других сайтах и в приложениях
наших партнеров
. В настройках аккаунта можно редактировать информацию о своих интересах, разрешать или запрещать использование Вашей личной информации для подбора рекламы, а также блокировать некоторые источники объявлений.
Перейти в Центр управления рекламой
Информация о себе
Управляйте личными данными в аккаунте Google и контролируйте, кто может видеть их в сервисах Google.
Перейти в раздел настроек "О себе"
Рекомендации друзей
Вы можете выбрать, будут ли имя и фото из Вашего профиля демонстрироваться в Ваших отзывах и рекомендациях, которые добавляются в рекламные объявления.
Перейти в раздел настроек "Рекомендации друзей"
Сайты и приложения, которые используют сервисы Google
Управляйте данными, которые могут передаваться нам сайтами и приложениями, использующими сервисы Google (например, Google Аналитику), когда Вы посещаете такой сайт или взаимодействуете с приложением.
Чтобы узнать больше, ознакомьтесь со статьей Как Google обрабатывает информацию, которая поступает от сайтов и приложений, использующих наши сервисы.
Как просматривать и изменять свои данные
Мои действия
В разделе настроек аккаунта "Мои действия" можно управлять данными, которые сохраняются в аккаунте, когда Вы выполнили вход и пользуетесь сервисами Google. К таким данным относятся, например, сведения о Ваших поисковых запросах или посещениях Google Play. Вы можете выполнять поиск по дате и теме, а также целиком или частично удалять данные.
Перейти в раздел "Мои действия"
Личный кабинет Google
В Личном кабинете Google Вы можете управлять информацией, связанной с определенными продуктами.
Перейти в Личный кабинет
Личная информация
В настройках аккаунта Google Вы можете управлять своей контактной информацией – в нее входит Ваше имя, адрес электронной почты, номер телефона и т. д.
Перейти к разделу управления личной информацией
Даже если Вы не выполнили вход в аккаунт Google, у Вас есть возможность управлять информацией, связанной с Вашим браузером и устройством, например следующей:
Персонализированные результаты поиска.
Укажите
, следует ли учитывать Вашу историю поисковых запросов при подборе результатов поиска и рекомендаций.
Настройки YouTube. Вы можете удалить историю
поиска
и
просмотра
YouTube или временно приостановить отслеживание своих действий в этом сервисе.
Настройки рекламных предпочтений. У Вас есть возможность
выбирать
, какие объявления будут показываться Вам на ресурсах Google, а также на других сайтах и в приложениях наших партнеров.
Экспорт и удаление Вашей информации
Вы можете экспортировать свою информацию из аккаунта Google, если Вам нужна ее копия или Вы планируете использовать эти данные в стороннем сервисе.
Экспортировать данные
Удалить информацию можно следующими способами:
удалить сведения из
определенных сервисов Google
;
удалить определенные материалы из аккаунта с помощью настроек на странице
Мои действия
;
удалить конкретные продукты Google
, а также связанные с ними сведения;
полностью удалить свой аккаунт Google.
Удалить информацию
Сервис
На всякий случай
позволяет предоставить другому лицу доступ к определенным функциям Вашего аккаунта Google, что пригодится, если по каким-либо причинам Вы не сможете выполнить вход.
Наконец, в соответствии с действующим законодательством и нашими правилами у Вас есть право
потребовать от нас удалить контент
из конкретного сервиса Google.
Даже если Вы не вошли в аккаунт, Вы все равно можете в некоторой мере контролировать, какие данные о Вас мы собираем. К ним относятся следующие:
Настройки браузера. К примеру, Вы можете указать, чтобы при сохранении файла
cookie
от Google появлялось уведомление, или запретить сохранять cookie из определенных или любых доменов. Однако имейте в виду, что
файлы cookie необходимы
для корректной работы наших сервисов, например чтобы Вам не приходилось каждый раз указывать язык и другие параметры.
Настройки на уровне устройства. На Вашем компьютере, смартфоне или планшете могут быть предусмотрены собственные настройки сбора данных. Например, устройства Android позволяют
указывать
, как следует обрабатывать информацию о Вашем местоположении.
Передача Вашей информации
Когда Вы передаете собственную информацию
Многие наши сервисы позволяют Вам передавать свою информацию другим пользователям и контролировать этот процесс. Например, Вы можете сделать свои видео на YouTube доступными каждому зрителю или же запретить их просмотр всем, кроме Вас. Важно помнить, что все общедоступные материалы могут сканироваться и индексироваться поисковыми системами, в том числе Google.
Если Вы пользуетесь сервисами Google, выполнив вход в аккаунт, например добавляете комментарии к видео на YouTube или оставляете отзыв о приложении в Google Play, то рядом с опубликованной Вами информацией будут показываться Ваши имя и фотография. Кроме того, такая информация может быть представлена в рекламе, если Вы не запретили это в
настройках функции "Рекомендации друзей"
.
Когда Google передает Вашу информацию
Мы не раскрываем личную информацию пользователей компаниям, организациям и частным лицам, не связанным с Google. Исключение составляют ситуации, перечисленные ниже.
Пользователь дал на это свое согласие.
Ваша личная информация может быть передана лицам, не связанным с Google, если Вы дали согласие на это. Например, если Вы
забронируете столик с помощью Google Home
в специальном сервисе, то мы предоставим ресторану Ваше имя или телефонный номер только с Вашего разрешения. Мы также предоставляем Вам возможность
проверять и изменять сторонние приложения и сайты, у которых есть доступ к данным вашего аккаунта Google
. Кроме того, Ваша
конфиденциальная личная информация
не будет никому передаваться без Вашего явного согласия.
Администратор домена дал свое согласие.
Если Вы учитесь или работаете в организации, которая использует в своей деятельности сервисы Google, к Вашему аккаунту Google будут иметь доступ
администратор домена
и реселлеры, имеющие право на управление им. Эти лица смогут выполнять следующие действия:
просматривать и сохранять данные аккаунта, например адрес электронной почты;
просматривать статистику аккаунта, в том числе количество установленных приложений;
изменять пароль аккаунта;
приостанавливать или блокировать доступ к аккаунту;
получать данные аккаунта в соответствии с требованиями законодательства, решением суда или запросом со стороны государственных учреждений;
ограничивать Ваши права на изменение и удаление информации или на управление уровнем конфиденциальности.
Для обработки третьими сторонами по поручению Google.
Мы предоставляем персональные данные
аффилированным лицам Google
и иным доверенным компаниям или лицам для обработки от имени Google. Такая обработка осуществляется в соответствии с нашими инструкциями, Политикой конфиденциальности и другими применимыми требованиями конфиденциальности и безопасности. В частности, сторонние компании помогают нам управлять центрами обработки данных, поставлять продукты и сервисы, улучшать внутренние бизнес-процессы и предоставлять дополнительную поддержку клиентам и пользователям. Кроме того, эти компании следят за безопасностью видеоконтента на YouTube, а также слушают и анализируют сохраненные пользователями аудиофрагменты, позволяя нам улучшать технологии распознавания речи.
По требованию законодательства.
Мы можем предоставить Вашу личную информацию лицам, не связанным с Google, если добросовестно полагаем, что такое раскрытие информации разумно необходимо на следующих основаниях:
Обеспечение соблюдения требований законодательства, реализация судебного решения или исполнение в принудительном порядке
обязательного запроса государственного учреждения
(сведения о количестве и типах таких запросов мы публикуем в
Отчете о доступности сервисов и данных
).
Они в принудительном порядке обеспечивают соблюдение Условий использования или расследуют их возможные нарушения.
Они выявляют мошенничество, пресекают его или иным образом стремятся ему воспрепятствовать, а также работают над устранением технических неполадок или проблем с безопасностью.
Обеспечение защиты прав, собственности и безопасности компании Google,
наших пользователей
и общества в целом.
Мы можем предоставлять
личную информацию, не позволяющую идентифицировать Вас
, всем пользователям и нашим партнерам, таким как издатели, рекламодатели, разработчики и правообладатели. Например, мы предоставляем эту информацию для того, чтобы пользователи могли
изучать тенденции использования наших сервисов
. Кроме того, мы разрешаем
отдельным партнерам
собирать информацию из Вашего браузера или устройства с помощью собственных файлов cookie и иных технологий и использовать ее для показа рекламы и оценки ее эффективности.
Если компания Google будет вовлечена в сделки по слиянию, поглощению или продаже активов, мы по-прежнему будем обеспечивать конфиденциальность всех персональных данных. Мы также уведомим всех заинтересованных пользователей в случае, если их личная информация будет передана другой организации или регулироваться иной политикой конфиденциальности.
Защита Вашей информации
Для защиты Вашей информации в наших сервисах предусмотрены специальные средства
Во всех сервисах Google реализованы надежные средства защиты, обеспечивающие безопасность Ваших данных. При обслуживании наших сервисов мы получаем информацию, которая позволяет нам обнаруживать и автоматически устранять самые разные проблемы безопасности. При необходимости мы сообщим Вам о тех или иных проблемах и расскажем, как их избежать.
Мы делаем все возможное для того, чтобы обезопасить Google и наших пользователей от несанкционированных попыток доступа, изменения, раскрытия или уничтожения хранящихся у нас данных. Помимо прочего, мы принимаем следующие меры:
используем шифрование для обеспечения конфиденциальности данных при их передаче;
применяем специальные средства защиты аккаунтов, такие как
Безопасный просмотр
, Проверка безопасности и
двухэтапная аутентификация
;
постоянно совершенствуем способы сбора, хранения и обработки данных, включая физические меры безопасности, для предотвращения несанкционированного доступа к нашим системам;
ограничиваем нашим сотрудникам, подрядчикам и агентам доступ к личной информации, а также накладываем на них строгие договорные обязательства, за нарушение которых предусмотрены санкции или увольнение.
Экспорт и удаление Вашей информации
Вы можете в любой момент экспортировать или удалить свою информацию из аккаунта Google
Вы можете экспортировать свою информацию из аккаунта Google, если Вам нужна ее копия или Вы планируете использовать эти данные в стороннем сервисе.
Экспортировать данные
Удалить информацию можно следующими способами:
удалить сведения из
определенных сервисов Google
;
удалить определенные материалы из аккаунта с помощью настроек на странице
Мои действия
;
удалить конкретные продукты Google
, а также связанные с ними сведения;
полностью удалить свой аккаунт Google.
Удалить информацию
Хранение Вашей информации
Мы храним собранные данные в течение некоторого времени. Длительность хранения зависит от типа информации, а также от того, как мы ее используем и какие настройки Вы задали.
Вы можете в любой момент самостоятельно удалить некоторые данные, в том числе
личную информацию
или созданный или загруженный Вами контент (
фотографии
и
документы
). Кроме того, Вы можете удалить
информацию о действиях
, которая хранится в Вашем аккаунте, или указать период, по истечении которого она будет
удаляться автоматически
. Мы будем хранить эти данные в Вашем аккаунте Google до тех пор, пока Вы не удалите их самостоятельно или не настроите автоматическое удаление.
Другие данные (например,
данные о рекламе
, хранящиеся в журналах сервера) автоматически удаляются или обезличиваются по истечении определенного времени.
Некоторые данные (например, информацию о том, как часто Вы используете наши сервисы) мы храним до тех пор, пока Вы не удалите свой аккаунт Google.
Некоторые данные мы храним дольше, если это обусловлено законными коммерческими или юридическими целями (например, для обеспечения безопасности, защиты от мошенничества и других противоправных действий или для финансовой отчетности).
Если Вы удаляете какие-либо данные, мы действуем в соответствии со специальными правилами. В результате Ваши данные полностью исчезают с наших серверов или сохраняются там лишь в обезличенной форме. Мы делаем все необходимое, чтобы личные данные пользователей в наших сервисах не были удалены случайно или в результате противоправных действий. Поэтому информация может исчезнуть из наших активных сервисов и систем резервного копирования не сразу после того, как Вы удалите ее.
Вы можете подробнее узнать о том,
как долго хранятся соответствующие сведения
и сколько времени требуется для удаления информации пользователей.
Соблюдение нормативных требований и взаимодействие с регулирующими органами
Мы регулярно обновляем Политику конфиденциальности Google и обрабатываем информацию пользователей в соответствии с ней.
Передача данных
Поскольку наши
серверы расположены в разных регионах по всему миру
, информация конкретного пользователя может обрабатываться не в той стране, в которой он проживает. Уровень защиты информации и законодательные нормы в этой сфере могут отличаться в разных странах. Вне зависимости от того, где именно осуществляется обработка ваших данных, компания Google использует одни и те же меры обеспечения их безопасности, описанные в этой Политике конфиденциальности. Google также придерживается ряда
юридических норм
в сфере передачи данных.
Когда мы получаем жалобу в письменном виде, мы связываемся с ее отправителем. Если нам не удается урегулировать претензию, касающуюся использования личных данных, напрямую при взаимодействии с Вами, мы взаимодействуем с государственными органами, у которых есть соответствующие полномочия.
Законодательство Европейского союза
Как реализовать свои права и связаться с Google
В той мере, в какой законодательство Европейского союза (ЕС) или Великобритании в отношении защиты персональных данных распространяется на обработку Ваших данных, мы предоставляем описанные в этой Политике конфиденциальности
средства
, с помощью которых Вы можете запросить доступ к своей информации, обновить или
удалить
ее, а также настроить ограничения на ее обработку. Кроме того, у Вас есть право запретить обработку своих личных данных или перенести их в другой сервис.
Если у Вас есть другие вопросы касательно Ваших прав,
свяжитесь с Google и нашим инспектором по защите данных
. Чтобы получить более подробные сведения в отношении своих прав, обратитесь в надзорный орган по защите данных, действующий в Вашем регионе.
Контролер персональных данных
Если в Примечании о конфиденциальности конкретного сервиса не указано иное, выбор
контролера данных, ответственного за вашу информацию
, зависит от вашего местонахождения:
Google Ireland Limited – для пользователей сервисов Google, которые находятся на территории Европейской экономической зоны или Швейцарии. Адрес: Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC – для пользователей сервисов Google, которые находятся на территории Великобритании. Адрес: 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
За обработку информации, которая индексируется и отображается в таких сервисах, как
Google Поиск
и Google Карты, независимо от местонахождения пользователя отвечает Google LLC. Google Ireland Limited – контролер данных, отвечающий за обработку информации, которая используется для обучения моделей искусственного интеллекта от Google с целью их развертывания в сервисах, предоставляемых компанией Google Ireland Limited на территории Европейской экономической зоны или Швейцарии.
Правовые основания для обработки информации
Обработка Вашей информации выполняется в
целях
, изложенных в этой Политике конфиденциальности, на указанных ниже законных основаниях.
Мы обрабатываем Вашу информацию, чтобы предоставлять услуги, которые указаны в принятом Вами соглашении.
Мы обрабатываем Ваши данные, когда этого требуют законные интересы Google и
третьих лиц
, принимая все
необходимые меры предосторожности
для защиты Вашей конфиденциальности.
Мы обрабатываем Ваши данные, когда это необходимо для защиты Ваших жизненно важных интересов или интересов другого человека.
Мы обрабатываем Ваши данные, когда обязаны делать это во исполнение своих юридических обязательств.
Для обработки Вашей информации в тех или иных целях нам необходимо Ваше согласие. Вы имеете право отозвать его в любой момент.
То, как Вы используете сервисы Google и какие настройки конфиденциальности выбираете, определяет, какие данные обрабатываются, в каких целях и какие для этого могут быть юридические обоснования. В таблице ниже более подробно описываются цели обработки данных, юридические обоснования и виды обрабатываемой информации.
Способы и цели обработки данных
Обрабатываемые данные
Юридические обоснования
Предоставление услуг, продуктов и функций Google
Примеры обработки данных:
Мы обрабатываем Ваши поисковые запросы, чтобы показывать результаты.
Зная назначенный устройству IP-адрес, мы можем отправлять на него запрошенные данные, например видео YouTube.
Хранящиеся в файлах cookie на устройстве уникальные идентификаторы позволяют нам подтверждать, что именно Вы являетесь владельцем своего аккаунта Google.
На основе загружаемых в Google Фото видео и фотографий создаются альбомы, коллажи и другой контент, которым Вы можете делиться.
Когда Вы приобретаете у нас услуги или товары, мы используем информацию о Вашем адресе доставки или о том, как и когда курьер может с Вами встретиться. Эти сведения нам нужны при обработке и выполнении заказа, а также в целях технической поддержки выбранного Вами сервиса или продукта.
Когда Вы покупаете дополнительное место на Google Диске, мы обрабатываем Ваши платежные данные.
Мы можем использовать контактную информацию (например, имена и адреса электронной почты) пользователей, с которыми Вы взаимодействуете в продуктах Google. Она нам необходима, чтобы помогать Вам быстрее находить нужных адресатов, когда Вы общаетесь и делитесь данными с ними в других сервисах Google, таких как Gmail, Фото и Ассистент.
Когда Вы заказываете авиабилеты, мы можем использовать данные из письма с подтверждением покупки, чтобы создать кнопку для регистрации на рейс прямо в Gmail.
Мы также собираем данные о Вас из общедоступных источников. Например, если Ваше имя упоминается в местной газете, Google может проиндексировать эту статью и показать ее пользователям, которые выполнят поиск по Вашему имени. Если информация о предприятии отображается на сайте, мы можем индексировать ее и показывать в сервисах Google.
Вы можете показывать свое местоположение с помощью
передачи геоданных Google
. Так пользователи смогут видеть на карте, где Вы находитесь, или узнавать Ваше расчетное время прибытия.
Как описано в разделе
Передача Вашей информации
, Ваша личная информация может быть передана лицам, не связанным с Google, если Вы дали согласие на это. Мы также предоставляем Вам возможность
просматривать и изменять список сторонних приложений и сайтов, у которых есть доступ к данным Вашего аккаунта Google
.
Обрабатываемая информация зависит от Ваших настроек и того, как Вы используете сервисы Google. Кроме того, к ней может относиться следующее:
Контент, который Вы создаете или предоставляете нам:
Контент, который Вы создали, загрузили или получили (например, фотографии, видео, электронные письма, документы или таблицы). Управлять информацией, связанной с определенными продуктами, можно в
Личном кабинете Google
.
Личная информация, которую Вы предоставляете нам при создании аккаунта Google (например,
имя
и пароль,
номер телефона
, дата рождения или
платежные данные
).
Информация, которую мы собираем при использовании Вами наших сервисов:
Информация о Ваших приложениях, браузерах и устройствах
(такая как
уникальные идентификаторы
, привязанные к браузеру, приложению или устройству, которое Вы используете), а также данные о взаимодействии Ваших приложений, браузеров и устройств с нашими сервисами (например, IP-адрес, отчеты о сбоях, сведения о действиях в системе).
Данные о Ваших действиях в наших сервисах.
Например, поисковые запросы, история браузера Chrome, которую Вы синхронизируете со своим аккаунтом Google, просмотры контента и рекламы и взаимодействие с ними, а также Ваши действия на сторонних сайтах и в сторонних приложениях, использующих наши сервисы. Вы можете просматривать и изменять информацию о своих действиях, сохраненную в аккаунте Google, на странице
Мои действия
.
Информация о местоположении
, которое может быть определено, например, с помощью GPS, IP-адреса и других данных датчиков на устройстве или вокруг него (получение таких сведений частично зависит от параметров самого устройства и настроек Вашего аккаунта).
Данные из общедоступных источников
, таких как общедоступная информация в сети интернет (например, когда Ваше имя появляется в статье местной газеты), а также из других публично доступных источников.
Данные от наших доверенных партнеров.
Это могут быть сведения от справочных служб, которые предоставляют нам информацию о компаниях для размещения в сервисах Google, или от партнеров по безопасности, которые передают нам сведения, чтобы мы могли помочь Вам принять меры по защите аккаунта.
Юридические обоснования для обработки таких данных зависят от Ваших настроек и того, как Вы используете сервисы Google, но могут также включать следующее:
Выполнение условий нашего соглашения
с Вами. Например, мы загружаем видео на YouTube или обрабатываем, выполняем и доставляем Ваш заказ при покупке у нас услуг или товаров.
Защита
законных интересов
Google и третьих лиц, включая следующее:
Предоставление, обслуживание и улучшение наших сервисов в соответствии с потребностями пользователей.
Например, мы можем использовать контактную информацию (такую как имена и адреса электронной почты) пользователей, с которыми Вы взаимодействуете в продуктах Google. Она нам нужна, чтобы помогать Вам быстрее находить нужных адресатов, когда Вы общаетесь и делитесь данными с ними в других сервисах Google, таких как Gmail, Фото и Ассистент.
Выполнение задач, для которых требуется Ваше
согласие
, например когда Вы даете его, чтобы предоставить доступ к своему местоположению с помощью передачи геоданных Google.
Обслуживание и улучшение наших сервисов, продуктов и функций
Обслуживание сервиса, в которое входит отладка, отслеживание проблем и устранение неполадок, обеспечивающие его правильную работу.
Примеры обработки данных:
Мы постоянно проверяем свои сервисы на наличие ошибок. При обнаружении какой-либо неполадки сведения о действиях пользователя, собранные до ее возникновения, позволяют нам быстрее ее устранить.
Чтобы понять, правильно ли работают кнопки, мы отслеживаем, как пользователи с ними взаимодействуют в наших приложениях, например в Google Картах или Поиске.
Улучшение работы сервисов Google, а также повышение их безопасности и надежности. Например, мы стремимся обнаруживать и предотвращать мошенничество, неправильное употребление, угрозы безопасности и технические неполадки, которые могли бы нанести вред сервису или пользователям, а также предпринимать в таких случаях необходимые меры.
Примеры обработки данных:
Анализ данных о Вашем взаимодействии с нашими сервисами способствует созданию более качественных продуктов. В частности, если мы заметим, что выполнение той или иной задачи занимает слишком много времени или вообще труднодостижимо, то можем переработать соответствующую функцию.
Определяя, в каких поисковых запросах чаще всего допускаются ошибки, мы улучшаем функции проверки орфографии в наших сервисах.
Понимание того, как пользователи работают с Google Переводчиком, помогает нам повышать качество переводов и доступность этого сервиса на большем количестве языков.
Мы изучаем запросы в сервисе "Google Покупки", чтобы определить, какие их типы чаще используются для тех или иных товаров, продавцов и брендов.
Функция "Безопасный просмотр" в Google Chrome может передавать информацию о подозрительных сайтах между браузером пользователя и серверами Google, чтобы помогать защищаться от фишинга, вредоносного ПО и рекламы, а также от других угроз.
Обрабатываемая информация зависит от Ваших настроек и того, как Вы используете сервисы Google. Кроме того, к ней может относиться следующее:
Контент, который Вы создаете или предоставляете нам:
Контент, который Вы создали, загрузили или получили (например, фотографии, видео, электронные письма, документы или таблицы). Управлять информацией, связанной с определенными продуктами, можно в
Личном кабинете Google
.
Личная информация, которую Вы предоставляете нам при создании аккаунта Google (например,
имя
и пароль,
номер телефона
, дата рождения или
платежные данные
).
Информация, которую мы собираем при использовании Вами наших сервисов:
Информация о Ваших приложениях, браузерах и устройствах
(такая как
уникальные идентификаторы
, привязанные к браузеру, приложению или устройству, которое Вы используете), а также данные о взаимодействии Ваших приложений, браузеров и устройств с нашими сервисами (например, IP-адрес, отчеты о сбоях, сведения о действиях в системе).
Данные о Ваших действиях в наших сервисах.
Например, поисковые запросы, история браузера Chrome, которую Вы синхронизируете со своим аккаунтом Google, просмотры контента и рекламы и взаимодействие с ними, а также Ваши действия на сторонних сайтах и в сторонних приложениях, использующих наши сервисы. Вы можете просматривать и изменять информацию о своих действиях, сохраненную в аккаунте Google, на странице
Мои действия
.
Информация о местоположении
, которое может быть определено, например, с помощью GPS, IP-адреса и других данных датчиков на устройстве или вокруг него (получение таких сведений частично зависит от параметров самого устройства и настроек Вашего аккаунта).
Данные из общедоступных источников
, таких как общедоступная информация в сети интернет (например, когда Ваше имя появляется в статье местной газеты), а также из других публично доступных источников.
Данные от наших доверенных партнеров.
Это могут быть сведения от справочных служб, которые предоставляют нам информацию о компаниях для размещения в сервисах Google, или от партнеров по безопасности, которые передают нам сведения, чтобы мы могли помочь Вам принять меры по защите аккаунта.
Юридические обоснования для обработки таких данных зависят от Ваших настроек и того, как Вы используете сервисы Google, но могут также включать следующее:
Выполнение условий нашего соглашения
с Вами. Например, с помощью журналов взаимодействия с приложениями Google мы следим за тем, чтобы эти приложения работали должным образом.
Защита
законных интересов
Google и третьих лиц, включая следующее:
Предоставление, обслуживание и улучшение наших сервисов в соответствии с потребностями пользователей.
Например, мы анализируем, в каких поисковых запросах чаще всего допускаются ошибки. Это помогает улучшать функции проверки орфографии в наших сервисах.
Анализ использования наших сервисов с целью повышения их стабильности и удобства.
Например, мы исследуем, как пользователи работают с Google Переводчиком, для повышения качества переводов и доступности этого сервиса на большем количестве языков.
Исследования, которые помогают совершенствовать наши продукты в интересах пользователей и общества в целом.
Например, мы улучшаем качество переводов Google Переводчика и делаем этот сервис доступным на большем количестве языков.
Разработка новых сервисов, продуктов и функций Google
Примеры обработки данных:
Когда мы изучили, как пользователи систематизируют фотографии в Picasa (первом приложении Google для работы со снимками), мы смогли разработать Google Фото.
Понимание того, как пользователи просматривают короткие видео и как авторы создают их, помогло нам разработать новые сервисы YouTube.
В зависимости от Ваших настроек мы можем сохранять аудиозаписи голосового взаимодействия с такими сервисами, как Google Поиск, Ассистент, Карты и Gboard, для разработки и улучшения аудиотехнологий Google.
Мы используем общедоступную информацию из интернета и других источников, чтобы применять ее при обучении моделей машинного обучения и развивать основополагающие технологии, которые обеспечивают работу различных сервисов и функций Google, таких как Переводчик, приложения Gemini и возможности Google Cloud, связанные с использованием AI.
Данные о Вашем взаимодействии с моделями искусственного интеллекта и такими технологиями, как приложения Gemini, помогают нам в разработке, обучении, точной настройке и улучшении этих моделей для более эффективной обработки Ваших запросов. Используя такие данные, мы также обновляем классификаторы и фильтры моделей, в том числе для обеспечения безопасности, соответствия фактам и понимания языка.
Обрабатываемая информация зависит от Ваших настроек и того, как Вы используете сервисы Google. Кроме того, к ней может относиться следующее:
Контент, который Вы создаете или предоставляете нам:
Контент, который Вы создали, загрузили или получили (например, фотографии, видео, электронные письма, документы или таблицы). Управлять информацией, связанной с определенными продуктами, можно в
Личном кабинете Google
.
Личная информация, которую Вы предоставляете нам при создании аккаунта Google (например,
имя
и пароль,
номер телефона
, дата рождения или
платежные данные
).
Информация, которую мы собираем при использовании Вами наших сервисов:
Информация о Ваших приложениях, браузерах и устройствах
(такая как
уникальные идентификаторы
, привязанные к браузеру, приложению или устройству, которое Вы используете), а также данные о взаимодействии Ваших приложений, браузеров и устройств с нашими сервисами (например, IP-адрес, отчеты о сбоях, сведения о действиях в системе).
Данные о Ваших действиях в наших сервисах.
Например, поисковые запросы, история браузера Chrome, которую Вы синхронизируете со своим аккаунтом Google, просмотры контента и рекламы и взаимодействие с ними, а также Ваши действия на сторонних сайтах и в сторонних приложениях, использующих наши сервисы. Вы можете просматривать и изменять информацию о своих действиях, сохраненную в аккаунте Google, на странице
Мои действия
.
Информация о местоположении
, которое может быть определено, например, с помощью GPS, IP-адреса и других данных датчиков на устройстве или вокруг него (получение таких сведений частично зависит от параметров самого устройства и настроек Вашего аккаунта).
Данные из общедоступных источников
, таких как общедоступная информация в сети интернет (например, когда Ваше имя появляется в статье местной газеты), а также из других публично доступных источников.
Данные от наших доверенных партнеров.
Это могут быть сведения от справочных служб, которые предоставляют нам информацию о компаниях для размещения в сервисах Google, или от партнеров по безопасности, которые передают нам сведения, чтобы мы могли помочь Вам принять меры по защите аккаунта.
Юридические обоснования для обработки таких данных зависят от Ваших настроек и того, как Вы используете сервисы Google, но могут также включать следующее:
Защита
законных интересов
Google и третьих лиц, включая следующее:
Разработка новых полезных продуктов и функций.
Например, когда мы изучили, как люди используют фотографии в Picasa, первом приложении Google для работы со снимками, то смогли разработать Google Фото. Кроме того, мы используем общедоступную информацию из интернета и других источников, чтобы обучать модели искусственного интеллекта от Google и развивать такие сервисы и функции на базе этих основополагающих технологий, как Google Переводчик, приложения Gemini и возможности Google Cloud, связанные с использованием AI.
Предоставление, обслуживание и улучшение наших сервисов в соответствии с потребностями пользователей.
Например, мы используем информацию о том, какие действия Вы совершаете в сервисах Google, в том числе в приложениях Gemini, чтобы обучать и улучшать модели машинного обучения, обновлять их классификаторы и фильтры безопасности, а также совершенствовать их механизмы понимания языка.
Ваше
согласие
. Например, Вы можете разрешить сохранять аудиозаписи голосового взаимодействия с Google Поиском, Ассистентом, Картами и Gboard для развития и улучшения аудиотехнологий Google.
Предоставление персонализированных сервисов, в том числе контента и рекламы
Настройка сервисов, в том числе показ подходящих Вам рекомендаций, персонализированного контента и результатов поиска.
Примеры обработки данных:
На сайте "Проверка безопасности" мы предлагаем советы по защите, которые зависят от того, как Вы используете продукты Google.
В Google Новостях мы можем предлагать Вам местные новости, подобранные исходя из Вашего приблизительного местоположения.
В Google Поиске мы можем предлагать Вам результаты, подобранные исходя из Вашего приблизительного местоположения.
Google Ассистент может пользоваться Вашим списком контактов, чтобы отправлять сообщения по Вашему запросу, например если Вы произнесете команду "Отправь сообщение Ивану Кузнецову".
На основе установленных у Вас приложений и просмотренных Вами видео на YouTube мы предлагаем Вам в Google Play приложения, которые могут Вас заинтересовать.
Мы можем разместить дудл Google на стартовой странице Google Поиска в честь важного в Вашей стране события.
На сайтах, которые Вы просматриваете, Google может показывать Вам объявления с учетом контекста. Например, на странице с советами для садоводов Вы можете увидеть рекламу садового инвентаря.
Если Вы вошли в аккаунт Google и история приложений и веб-поиска включена, то с учетом прошлых поисковых запросов и действий в других сервисах Google Вы сможете получать более подходящие результаты.
Показ индивидуально подобранных рекламных объявлений в зависимости от Ваших интересов (если Вы не отключили эту функцию в настройках аккаунта).
Примеры обработки данных:
Если Вы выполните поиск по запросу "горный велосипед" или посмотрите видео о езде на нем, то после этого Вам может показываться реклама спортивного снаряжения в результатах поиска или на YouTube.
Если Вы регулярно смотрите видеорецепты на YouTube, то на других сайтах Вам могут показываться объявления, связанные с кулинарией.
Персонализированная реклама может демонстрироваться Вам на основе информации от рекламодателя. Например, если Вы что-то покупали на сайте рекламодателя, он может учитывать это при показе объявлений.
Обрабатываемая информация зависит от Ваших настроек и того, как Вы используете сервисы Google. Кроме того, к ней может относиться следующее:
Контент, который Вы создаете или предоставляете нам:
Контент, который Вы создали, загрузили или получили (например, фотографии, видео, электронные письма, документы или таблицы). Управлять информацией, связанной с определенными продуктами, можно в
Личном кабинете Google
.
Личная информация, которую Вы предоставляете нам при создании аккаунта Google (например,
имя
и пароль,
номер телефона
, дата рождения или
платежные данные
).
Информация, которую мы собираем при использовании Вами наших сервисов:
Информация о Ваших приложениях, браузерах и устройствах
(такая как
уникальные идентификаторы
, привязанные к браузеру, приложению или устройству, которое Вы используете), а также данные о взаимодействии Ваших приложений, браузеров и устройств с нашими сервисами (например, IP-адрес, отчеты о сбоях, сведения о действиях в системе).
Данные о Ваших действиях в наших сервисах.
Например, поисковые запросы, история браузера Chrome, которую Вы синхронизируете со своим аккаунтом Google, просмотры контента и рекламы и взаимодействие с ними, а также Ваши действия на сторонних сайтах и в сторонних приложениях, использующих наши сервисы. Вы можете просматривать и изменять информацию о своих действиях, сохраненную в аккаунте Google, на странице
Мои действия
.
Информация о местоположении
, которое может быть определено, например, с помощью GPS, IP-адреса и других данных датчиков на устройстве или вокруг него (получение таких сведений частично зависит от параметров самого устройства и настроек Вашего аккаунта).
Данные из общедоступных источников
, таких как общедоступная информация в сети интернет (например, когда Ваше имя появляется в статье местной газеты), а также из других публично доступных источников.
Данные от наших доверенных партнеров.
Это могут быть сведения от справочных служб, которые предоставляют нам информацию о компаниях для размещения в сервисах Google, или от партнеров по безопасности, которые передают нам сведения, чтобы мы могли помочь Вам принять меры по защите аккаунта.
Юридические обоснования для обработки таких данных зависят от Ваших настроек и того, как Вы используете сервисы Google, но могут также включать следующее:
Исполнение условий соглашения
с Вами, например когда Google Ассистент обращается к Вашему списку контактов, чтобы отправить сообщение по команде, такой как "Отправь сообщение Ивану Кузнецову".
Защита
законных интересов
Google и третьих лиц, включая следующее:
Персонализация наших сервисов для Вашего удобства.
Например, мы можем размещать дудл Google на стартовой странице Google Поиска в честь важного в Вашей стране события, предоставлять советы по безопасности на основе того, как Вы пользуетесь продуктами Google, или подбирать контент в соответствии с возрастными ограничениями, если это необходимо.
Показ рекламы, за счет которой мы можем предоставлять пользователям бесплатный доступ ко многим нашим сервисам.
На сайтах, которые Вы просматриваете, мы можем показывать Вам объявления с учетом контекста. Например, на странице с советами для садоводов Вы можете увидеть рекламу садового инвентаря. Перед тем как персонализировать рекламу, мы запрашиваем Ваше согласие.
Ваше
согласие
. В частности, мы можем рекомендовать приложения в Google Play в зависимости от того, какие видео на YouTube Вы смотрели, или подбирать рекламу на основании Ваших интересов. Например, после просмотра роликов о выпечке на YouTube Вам могут показываться на сайтах объявления на эту же тему.
Оценка работы. Мы используем информацию, чтобы отслеживать, как пользователи взаимодействуют с нашими сервисами.
Примеры обработки данных:
Мы анализируем информацию о посещении наших сайтов, чтобы оптимизировать их внутреннюю структуру.
Рекламодатели могут оценивать эффективность своих кампаний, опираясь на информацию о том, на какие объявления Вы нажимаете.
Мы отслеживаем места в Google Планета Земля, на которые пользователи нажимают чаще всего, чтобы определять популярность тех или иных функций и выявлять ошибки.
Мы подсчитываем частоту отдельных запросов и отслеживаем, как пользователи оценивают качество результатов Google Поиска, чтобы делать этот сервис более полезным.
Google Переводчик анализирует данные о количестве всех выполненных переводов, а также отмеченных как плохие. Это помогает нам разрабатывать новые функции и устранять проблемы, с которыми сталкиваются пользователи при работе с сервисом.
Мы можем предоставлять личную информацию, не позволяющую идентифицировать Вас, своим партнерам, например лицензиарам контента вместе с оплатой роялти.
Обрабатываемая информация зависит от Ваших настроек и того, как Вы используете сервисы Google. Кроме того, к ней может относиться следующее:
Контент, который Вы создаете или предоставляете нам:
Контент, который Вы создали, загрузили или получили (например, фотографии, видео, электронные письма, документы или таблицы). Управлять информацией, связанной с определенными продуктами, можно в
Личном кабинете Google
.
Личная информация, которую Вы предоставляете нам при создании аккаунта Google (например,
имя
и пароль,
номер телефона
, дата рождения или
платежные данные
).
Информация, которую мы собираем при использовании Вами наших сервисов:
Информация о Ваших приложениях, браузерах и устройствах
(такая как
уникальные идентификаторы
, привязанные к браузеру, приложению или устройству, которое Вы используете), а также данные о взаимодействии Ваших приложений, браузеров и устройств с нашими сервисами (например, IP-адрес, отчеты о сбоях, сведения о действиях в системе).
Данные о Ваших действиях в наших сервисах.
Например, поисковые запросы, история браузера Chrome, которую Вы синхронизируете со своим аккаунтом Google, просмотры контента и рекламы и взаимодействие с ними, а также Ваши действия на сторонних сайтах и в сторонних приложениях, использующих наши сервисы. Вы можете просматривать и изменять информацию о своих действиях, сохраненную в аккаунте Google, на странице
Мои действия
.
Информация о местоположении
, которое может быть определено, например, с помощью GPS, IP-адреса и других данных датчиков на устройстве или вокруг него (получение таких сведений частично зависит от параметров самого устройства и настроек Вашего аккаунта).
Данные из общедоступных источников
, таких как общедоступная информация в сети интернет (например, когда Ваше имя появляется в статье местной газеты), а также из других публично доступных источников.
Данные от наших доверенных партнеров.
Это могут быть сведения от справочных служб, которые предоставляют нам информацию о компаниях для размещения в сервисах Google, или от партнеров по безопасности, которые передают нам сведения, чтобы мы могли помочь Вам принять меры по защите аккаунта.
Юридические обоснования для обработки таких данных зависят от Ваших настроек и того, как Вы используете сервисы Google, но могут также включать следующее:
Защита
законных интересов
Google и третьих лиц, включая следующее:
Анализ использования наших сервисов с целью повышения их стабильности и удобства.
Например, мы исследуем, как пользователи работают с Google Переводчиком, для повышения качества переводов и доступности этого сервиса на большем количестве языков.
Выявление, предотвращение случаев мошенничества и злоупотребления, проблем с безопасностью и технических неполадок или иное противодействие им в наших сервисах.
Например, мы отслеживаем, как пользователи взаимодействуют с Google Планета Земля, для обнаружения ошибок.
Предоставление, обслуживание и улучшение наших сервисов в соответствии с потребностями пользователей.
Например, мы анализируем количество переводов в Google Переводчике, отмеченных как плохие, чтобы устранять проблемы, с которыми сталкиваются пользователи при работе с сервисом.
Разработка новых полезных продуктов и функций.
Например, мы изучаем информацию о количестве переводов, выполненных в Google Переводчике, и используем ее, чтобы разрабатывать новые функции.
Выполнение обязательств перед нашими партнерами, в частности разработчиками и правообладателями.
Например, мы предоставляем лицензиарам контента отчеты вместе с оплатой роялти.
Связь с пользователями. Мы используем полученную информацию, такую как адрес электронной почты, для прямой коммуникации с Вами.
Примеры обработки данных:
Мы можем отправлять оповещения о попытках входа в Ваш аккаунт Google из нетипичного местоположения и о других подозрительных действиях.
Мы можем сообщать Вам об изменениях в наших продуктах.
Когда Вы обращаетесь в Google, Ваши сообщения сохраняются, чтобы мы могли решить проблему.
В зависимости от настроек наши сервисы могут отправлять Вам маркетинговые сообщения. Например, Вы можете получать от Google Фото сообщения с рекламой услуг печати.
Если Вы приобрели YouTube Premium или YouTube Music Premium, Вам могут приходить уведомления о предстоящих изменениях в подписке.
Обрабатываемая информация зависит от Ваших настроек и того, как Вы используете сервисы Google. Кроме того, к ней может относиться следующее:
Контент, который Вы создаете или предоставляете нам:
Контент, который Вы создали, загрузили или получили (например, фотографии, видео, электронные письма, документы или таблицы). Управлять информацией, связанной с определенными продуктами, можно в
Личном кабинете Google
.
Личная информация, которую Вы предоставляете нам при создании аккаунта Google (например,
имя
и пароль,
номер телефона
, дата рождения или
платежные данные
).
Информация, которую мы собираем при использовании Вами наших сервисов:
Информация о Ваших приложениях, браузерах и устройствах
(такая как
уникальные идентификаторы
, привязанные к браузеру, приложению или устройству, которое Вы используете), а также данные о взаимодействии Ваших приложений, браузеров и устройств с нашими сервисами (например, IP-адрес, отчеты о сбоях, сведения о действиях в системе).
Данные о Ваших действиях в наших сервисах.
Например, поисковые запросы, история браузера Chrome, которую Вы синхронизируете со своим аккаунтом Google, просмотры контента и рекламы и взаимодействие с ними, а также Ваши действия на сторонних сайтах и в сторонних приложениях, использующих наши сервисы. Вы можете просматривать и изменять информацию о своих действиях, сохраненную в аккаунте Google, на странице
Мои действия
.
Информация о местоположении
, которое может быть определено, например, с помощью GPS, IP-адреса и других данных датчиков на устройстве или вокруг него (получение таких сведений частично зависит от параметров самого устройства и настроек Вашего аккаунта).
Данные из общедоступных источников
, таких как общедоступная информация в сети интернет (например, когда Ваше имя появляется в статье местной газеты), а также из других публично доступных источников.
Данные от наших доверенных партнеров.
Это могут быть сведения от справочных служб, которые предоставляют нам информацию о компаниях для размещения в сервисах Google, или от партнеров по безопасности, которые передают нам сведения, чтобы мы могли помочь Вам принять меры по защите аккаунта.
Юридические обоснования для обработки таких данных зависят от Ваших настроек и того, как Вы используете сервисы Google, но могут также включать следующее:
Исполнение условий соглашения
с Вами, например когда Вы обращаетесь в Google за помощью или подписываетесь на рассылку новостей о продуктах.
Защита
законных интересов
Google и третьих лиц, включая следующее:
Предоставление, обслуживание и улучшение наших сервисов в соответствии с потребностями пользователей.
Например, мы можем сообщать Вам о предстоящих изменениях и улучшениях в наших сервисах.
Маркетинг продуктов Google.
Например, пользователям Google Фото мы можем отправлять электронные письма с рекламой услуг печати.
Обеспечение безопасности компании Google, пользователей и других лиц
Обеспечение безопасности и надежности наших сервисов, в том числе своевременное выявление и предотвращение мошенничества, противоправных действий, угроз безопасности и технических неполадок, которые могли бы нанести вред Google, нашим пользователям или другим лицам.
Примеры обработки данных:
Мы собираем и анализируем IP-адреса и файлы cookie, чтобы предотвращать противоправные действия, выполняемые с помощью вредоносного ПО. Существует множество видов таких действий, например рассылка спама пользователям Gmail, мошеннический заработок на рекламе за счет недействительных кликов по объявлениям или DDoS-атаки, которые затрудняют доступ к контенту.
В Gmail можно просматривать сведения о последних действиях в аккаунте и таким образом узнавать, входил ли кто-то в почту без Вашего ведома, и если да, то когда это произошло. Вам доступны следующие данные о последних действиях в Gmail: IP-адреса, с которых выполнялся вход, местоположения пользователя, а также время и дата входа.
Мы анализируем контент, чтобы пресекать распространение спама, вредоносного ПО и нелегального контента, а также препятствовать прочей
противоправной деятельности
.
Мы обрабатываем информацию о запросах на удаление контента из наших сервисов согласно правилам Google в отношении удаления контента или действующему законодательству. Это позволяет нам правильно оценивать такие запросы, а также обеспечивать прозрачность, повышать ответственность и предотвращать злоупотребление и мошенничество, связанные с такими запросами.
Выполнение требований законодательства, судебного решения или исполнение в принудительном порядке запроса государственного учреждения.
Примеры обработки данных:
Как и другие компании в сфере информационных технологий и телекоммуникаций, Google время от времени получает от государственных учреждений и судов запросы на предоставление личных данных. Наш основной принцип – сохранение конфиденциальности пользователей и защита их личных данных, которые хранятся в Google. При этом мы внимательно рассматриваем все запросы и нередко отказываем в удовлетворении запроса, если он составлен в слишком общих терминах или с нарушением юридических норм.
Юридические обязательства могут требовать от нас хранения определенных данных, например, для ведения финансовой и налоговой отчетности, таких как сведения о платеже, который Вы совершили в пользу Google.
Различные законы и регламенты требуют от нас внедрять меры по контролю возраста пользователей наших сервисов. Чтобы определить Ваш возраст, мы сверяемся с предоставленной Вами датой рождения. Мы также обрабатываем данные о Ваших действиях в сервисах Google, независимо от того, выполнили ли Вы вход в аккаунт Google, и определяем с помощью технологий машинного обучения, может ли Вам быть больше 18 лет. Если нам не удастся подтвердить, что Вы достигли возраста, требуемого для использования сервисов Google, мы можем запросить другую информацию, например официальное удостоверение личности, кредитную карту, Вашу фотографию или номер телефона.
Обрабатываемая информация зависит от Ваших настроек и того, как Вы используете сервисы Google. Кроме того, к ней может относиться следующее:
Контент, который Вы создаете или предоставляете нам:
Контент, который Вы создали, загрузили или получили (например, фотографии, видео, электронные письма, документы или таблицы). Управлять информацией, связанной с определенными продуктами, можно в
Личном кабинете Google
.
Личная информация, которую Вы предоставляете нам при создании аккаунта Google (например,
имя
и пароль,
номер телефона
, дата рождения или
платежные данные
).
Информация, которую мы собираем при использовании Вами наших сервисов:
Информация о Ваших приложениях, браузерах и устройствах
(такая как
уникальные идентификаторы
, привязанные к браузеру, приложению или устройству, которое Вы используете), а также данные о взаимодействии Ваших приложений, браузеров и устройств с нашими сервисами (например, IP-адрес, отчеты о сбоях, сведения о действиях в системе).
Данные о Ваших действиях в наших сервисах.
Например, поисковые запросы, история браузера Chrome, которую Вы синхронизируете со своим аккаунтом Google, просмотры контента и рекламы и взаимодействие с ними, а также Ваши действия на сторонних сайтах и в сторонних приложениях, использующих наши сервисы. Вы можете просматривать и изменять информацию о своих действиях, сохраненную в аккаунте Google, на странице
Мои действия
.
Информация о местоположении
, которое может быть определено, например, с помощью GPS, IP-адреса и других данных датчиков на устройстве или вокруг него (получение таких сведений частично зависит от параметров самого устройства и настроек Вашего аккаунта).
Данные из общедоступных источников
, таких как общедоступная информация в сети интернет (например, когда Ваше имя появляется в статье местной газеты), а также из других публично доступных источников.
Данные от наших доверенных партнеров.
Это могут быть сведения от справочных служб, которые предоставляют нам информацию о компаниях для размещения в сервисах Google, или от партнеров по безопасности, которые передают нам сведения, чтобы мы могли помочь Вам принять меры по защите аккаунта.
Юридические обоснования для обработки таких данных зависят от Ваших настроек и того, как Вы используете сервисы Google, но могут также включать следующее:
Защита
законных интересов
Google и третьих лиц, включая следующее:
Выполнение юридических требований, включая расследование потенциальных нарушений Условий использования.
Например, мы анализируем контент, чтобы пресекать распространение спама, вредоносного ПО и нелегального контента, а также препятствовать прочей противоправной деятельности.
Выявление, предотвращение случаев мошенничества и злоупотребления, проблем с безопасностью и технических неполадок или иное противодействие им в наших сервисах.
Например, мы собираем и анализируем IP-адреса и файлы cookie, чтобы предотвращать противоправные действия, выполняемые с помощью вредоносного ПО.
Защита прав, собственности и безопасности компании Google, наших пользователей и общества, включая предоставление информации органам власти.
Например, мы можем передавать сведения в рамках юридического процесса или в ответ на обязательные для исполнения запросы госорганов или судебные постановления о раскрытии данных. Такие запросы тщательно проверяются на предмет соответствия действующему законодательству.
Исследования, которые помогают совершенствовать наши продукты в интересах пользователей и общества в целом.
Например, мы обрабатываем информацию о
запросах на удаление контента
из наших сервисов в целях просвещения общественности, поощрения исследований, а также обеспечения прозрачности в вопросах, связанных с такими запросами.
Защита Ваших
жизненно важных интересов
или интересов другого человека. Например, мы обрабатываем данные, чтобы выявлять в интернете контент, представляющий несовершеннолетних в сексуальном контексте, и бороться с такими материалами.
Исполнение своих
юридических обязательств
, например в случаях, когда мы должны хранить определенные данные для финансовой отчетности или обрабатывать и хранить информацию, которая помогает контролировать возрастные ограничения на использование наших сервисов.
Связывание сервисов Google
Если Вы пользователь из ЕС, мы предлагаем Вам выбрать, хотите ли Вы сохранить связь между определенными продуктами Google. Подробную информацию о связанных сервисах и изменении их списка можно найти в статье
О законе DMA и связанных сервисах
.
Общие сведения об этой Политике конфиденциальности
Когда применима Политика конфиденциальности
Политика конфиденциальности распространяется на все сервисы, предоставляемые компанией Google и ее
аффилированными компаниями
, в том числе на YouTube, Android и продукты, доступные на сторонних сайтах (например, рекламные). В то же время текущий документ не касается некоторых сервисов, в которых действует собственная политика конфиденциальности, не включающая в себя приведенную здесь.
Представленная здесь Политика конфиденциальности не регулирует следующее:
процедуры обработки данных в других компаниях и организациях, которые рекламируют наши сервисы;
услуги, предлагаемые другими компаниями или частными лицами, включая продукты и сайты с внедренными сервисами Google, на которые распространяется эта Политика конфиденциальности, или продукты и сайты, ссылки на которые показываются в результатах поиска или в наших сервисах.
Изменения Политики конфиденциальности Google
Мы периодически вносим в Политику конфиденциальности изменения, однако не намерены в будущем ограничивать права пользователей, описанные в настоящей Политике, без их явного согласия. Мы всегда указываем дату последних изменений, внесенных в Политику, и предоставляем доступ к ее
прежним версиям
. Если сделаны значительные поправки, то мы объявляем о них дополнительно, а в некоторых случаях можем присылать уведомления по электронной почте.
Другие документы по конфиденциальности
В сервисах Google
Ниже приведены ссылки на дополнительные политики конфиденциальности некоторых сервисов Google.
Payments
Fiber
Приложения Gemini
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Детям
Аккаунты Google, управляемые с помощью Family Link, для детей младше 13 лет (возрастное ограничение может быть другим в зависимости от страны)
Руководство по обеспечению конфиденциальности данных в Family Link для детей и подростков
Сбор голосовых запросов и других аудиоданных при использовании функций Google Ассистента, предназначенных для детей
Если Вы состоите в организации, использующей Google Workspace или Google Cloud Platform, то рекомендуем вам изучить, как эти сервисы собирают и используют Ваши личные данные. Эту информацию можно найти в
Примечании о конфиденциальности Google Cloud
.
Другие полезные ресурсы
Ниже приведены ссылки на полезные ресурсы, которые содержат информацию о наших процедурах и настройках, связанных с конфиденциальностью.
Настройки аккаунта Google
Проверка настроек конфиденциальности
– пошаговое руководство по параметрам конфиденциальности аккаунта Google
В
Центре безопасности Google
Вы найдете подробную информацию о том, как мы защищаем Ваши данные и какие настройки доступа к личной информации Вы можете задать. Там же мы собрали полезные советы для родителей, которые беспокоятся по поводу безопасности своих детей в Интернете.
В документе
Конфиденциальность: руководство для подростков
представлены ответы на основные вопросы о конфиденциальности.
Дополнительные сведения
о нашей Политике конфиденциальности и Условиях использования
В разделе
Технологии
более подробно изложены следующие темы:
Как Google использует файлы cookie
Общие сведения о рекламных технологиях
Как Google обрабатывает информацию, которая поступает от сайтов и приложений, использующих наши сервисы
Основные понятия
Аккаунт Google
Чтобы получить доступ к некоторым из наших сервисов, пользователь должен создать
аккаунт Google
, предоставив определенную информацию (обычно это имя, адрес электронной почты и пароль). Эти данные будут использованы для аутентификации в сервисах Google и для защиты аккаунта от несанкционированного доступа. Вы можете в любой момент внести изменения в настройки аккаунта Google или даже удалить его.
Алгоритм
Процедура или набор правил, которым следует компьютер при решении определенных задач.
Аффилированные лица
Аффилированное лицо – это компания, которая входит в группу компаний Google. Помимо Google Ireland Limited, к этой категории относятся следующие организации, предоставляющие потребительские услуги в ЕС: Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp. и Google Dialer Inc. Подробнее
о компаниях Google, которые являются поставщиками услуг для коммерческих организаций в ЕС
…
Журналы сервера
Как и большинство веб-сайтов, наши серверы автоматически записывают, какие страницы были запрошены пользователями при посещении наших ресурсов. Записи журналов сервера обычно включают ваш интернет-запрос, IP-адрес, тип браузера, язык браузера, дату и время запроса и один или несколько файлов cookie, которые позволяют однозначно идентифицировать браузер.
Типовая запись в журнале, связанная с поисковым запросом cars (машины), выглядит так:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
Элемент выше – это IP-адрес, который назначается пользователю интернет-провайдером. В зависимости от типа подключения адрес может быть разным при каждом сеансе в Интернете.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
Элемент выше – это дата и время запроса.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
Элемент выше – это URL страницы результатов поиска Google, который включает в себя поисковый запрос.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
Элемент выше – это информация о браузере и операционной системе на устройстве пользователя.
740674ce2123a969
Элемент выше – это уникальный идентификатор cookie, назначенный компьютеру при первом посещении сайта Google. Если пользователь удалил исходный файл cookie со своего устройства, здесь будет указан уникальный идентификатор файла cookie, добавленного на этот же компьютер при следующем посещении Google.
Кеш данных приложения
Кеш данных приложения – хранилище информации на устройстве пользователя. Например, с его помощью веб-приложение может работать без подключения к Интернету. Кроме того, кеш позволяет ускорить работу приложения, обеспечивая более быструю загрузку контента.
Личная информация
Личная информация – это предоставленные вами компании Google сведения, которые позволяют установить вашу личность. К ним относятся имя, адрес электронной почты, платежные данные и прочие сведения, которые могут расцениваться компанией Google как идентифицирующие, например информация из вашего аккаунта Google.
Личная информация деликатного характера
Это личная информация особой категории, к которой относятся, например, конфиденциальные медицинские сведения, данные о расовой или национальной принадлежности, политических или религиозных убеждениях, сексуальной ориентации.
Личная информация, не позволяющая идентифицировать пользователя
Под этим термином понимается информация о пользователях, которая собирается каким-либо сервисом Google и хранится в формате, не позволяющем установить их личность.
Пиксельный тег
Пиксельный тег размещается на сайте или в тексте сообщения электронной почты и позволяет отслеживать определенные действия пользователей, например просмотр страницы или открытие письма. Часто он используется вместе с файлами cookie.
Уникальные идентификаторы
Уникальный идентификатор – это набор символов, который назначается браузеру, приложению или устройству для того, чтобы отличать его от других. Идентификаторы различаются тем, как осуществляется доступ к ним, какое время они действуют и может ли пользователь их сбросить.
Эта функция используется для защиты данных на устройстве, борьбы с мошенничеством, синхронизации сервисов, например почты и пользовательских настроек, подбора релевантной рекламы и т. д. Например, уникальные идентификаторы, записанные в файлах cookie, позволяют Google выбирать для пользователя контент на его языке. Вы можете запретить браузеру сохранять файлы cookie или включить уведомления, которые будут демонстрироваться при сохранении таких файлов на вашем устройстве. Подробнее о том,
как Google использует файлы cookie
…
Уникальные идентификаторы, не связанные с браузерами, позволяют распознавать отдельные устройства или приложения на них. Например, рекламный идентификатор используется для показа на устройствах Android объявлений, соответствующих запросам или интересам пользователя.
Управление
таким идентификатором осуществляется в настройках устройства. Также уникальные идентификаторы (иногда называемые UUID) могут быть присвоены устройству производителем. В частности, к ним относится идентификационный номер мобильного телефона (IMEI). Такие идентификаторы позволяют нам оптимизировать настройки сервисов для определенного устройства и анализировать сбои в их работе, связанные с различными устройствами.
Устройство
Под устройствами понимаются компьютеры, планшеты, смартфоны, умные динамики и прочие электронные устройства, которые можно использовать для доступа к сервисам Google.
Файлы cookie
Файл cookie – это небольшой файл, который содержит строку символов и отправляется на ваш компьютер, когда вы заходите на определенную страницу. С его помощью сайт идентифицирует браузер при вашем повторном посещении. Такие файлы используются в разных целях, например позволяют запоминать ваши настройки. Вы можете запретить браузеру сохранять файлы cookie или включить уведомления, которые будут демонстрироваться при сохранении таких файлов на вашем устройстве. Обратите внимание, что отключение файлов cookie может привести к некорректной работе сайтов и сервисов. Подробнее о том,
как Google использует файлы cookie
и
аналогичные данные, полученные от партнеров
…
Хранилище веб-данных в браузере
Хранилище веб-данных в браузере позволяет сайтам хранить информацию на устройстве пользователя. При использовании в режиме "локальное хранилище" данные сохраняются даже после завершения сеанса, то есть они не исчезнут, если закрыть и открыть браузер. Функция хранилища веб-данных основана на разных технологиях, например HTML5.
IP-адрес
У каждого устройства в Интернете есть номер, который называется IP-адресом. Такие номера обычно назначаются блоками по географическому принципу, поэтому по IP-адресу часто можно определить, откуда устройство подключено к Интернету. Подробнее о том,
как мы используем данные о местоположении
…
URL перехода
Когда вы переходите по ссылке на целевую страницу, она получает сведения об URL исходной страницы. Это и есть URL перехода.
Дополнительные сведения
Безопасность и надежность
Чтобы наши сервисы оставались надежными и безопасными, мы используем Вашу информацию следующим образом:
Мы собираем и анализируем IP-адреса и файлы cookie, чтобы предотвращать противоправные действия, выполняемые с помощью вредоносного ПО. Существует множество видов таких действий, например рассылка спама пользователям Gmail, мошеннический заработок на рекламе за счет недействительных кликов по объявлениям или DDoS-атаки, которые затрудняют доступ к контенту.
В Gmail можно просматривать сведения о последних действиях в аккаунте и таким образом узнавать, входил ли кто-то в почту без Вашего ведома, и если да, то когда это произошло. Вам доступны следующие данные о последних действиях в Gmail: IP-адреса, с которых выполнялся вход, местоположения пользователя, а также время и дата входа.
Подробнее
В процессе работы наших сервисов
Ваша информация используется в следующих целях:
Зная назначенный устройству IP-адрес, мы можем отправлять на него запрошенные данные, например видео YouTube.
Хранящиеся в файлах cookie на устройстве уникальные идентификаторы позволяют нам подтверждать, что именно Вы являетесь владельцем своего аккаунта Google.
На основе загружаемых в Google Фото видео и фотографий создаются альбомы, коллажи и другой контент, которым Вы можете делиться.
Подробнее
Если Вам придет письмо с подтверждением покупки авиабилетов, мы можем создать кнопку для регистрации на рейс прямо в Gmail.
Приобретая у нас услуги или товары, Вы можете предоставлять нам информацию об адресе доставки или о том, как и когда курьер может с Вами встретиться. Мы используем эти данные при обработке и выполнении заказа, а также в целях технической поддержки выбранного Вами сервиса или продукта.
Ваши действия на различных сайтах и в приложениях
Эти сведения могут быть связаны с Вашими действиями в сервисах Google (например, синхронизацией аккаунта с Chrome) или на ресурсах наших партнеров. К партнерам относятся разработчики сайтов и приложений, которые используют возможности Google для улучшения и развития собственных продуктов. На сайтах могут использоваться рекламные сервисы Google (например, AdSense) и средства аналитики (например, Google Analytics), а также функции для встраивания контента (например, видео YouTube). Сведения о Ваших действиях в таких продуктах поступают в Google. В зависимости от
настроек Вашего аккаунта
и используемых продуктов такие сведения могут быть связаны с Вашими личными данными – например, в случае, если партнер применяет Google Analytics вместе с рекламными сервисами.
Подробнее о том,
как Google обрабатывает информацию о пользователях, полученную от наших партнеров
...
Ваши действия на сторонних сайтах и в сторонних приложениях, использующих сервисы Google
Сайты и приложения, у которых настроена интеграция с нашими сервисами, например для аналитики или рекламы, отправляют в Google определенную информацию.
Данные собираются независимо от того, каким браузером Вы пользуетесь или какой режим выбираете при этом. Например, режим инкогнито в Chrome делает сведения о Ваших действиях в интернете недоступными другим пользователям устройства, однако сторонние сайты и приложения, у которых настроена интеграция с нашими сервисами, всё равно могут отправлять в Google определенную информацию, когда Вы открываете их.
Вы можете
узнать больше
о том, как управлять информацией, передаваемой при работе с сайтами или приложениями, которые используют сервисы Google.
Голосовая и аудиоинформация
Например, Вы можете сами выбирать, будут ли аудиозаписи Ваших голосовых запросов в Поиске, Ассистенте и Картах сохраняться в Вашем аккаунте Google. Когда Вы используете голосовое управление, например произносите команду "Окей, Google", мы записываем Вашу фразу (включая несколько секунд до нее) и другие звуки.
Подробнее
Данные с датчиков на Вашем устройстве
На устройстве могут быть установлены датчики, которые позволяют более точно отслеживать Ваше местонахождение и передвижение. Например, с помощью акселерометра можно определить скорость движения, а с помощью гироскопа – направление. Подробнее о том,
как мы используем данные о местоположении
…
Деликатные категории
Мы анализируем историю Ваших действий и на ее основе подбираем рекламу, которая может быть Вам интересна. Именно поэтому вы можете видеть объявления по таким темам, как "кулинария и рецепты" или "авиаперелеты”. При этом мы не показываем персонализированную рекламу, связанную с деликатными категориями, такими как расовая и религиозная принадлежность, сексуальная ориентация и состояние здоровья. Мы
предъявляем аналогичные требования к рекламодателям
, которые работают с нашими сервисами.
другая информация, связанная с Вашим физическим или психическим здоровьем
Если Вы пользуетесь нашими продуктами и приложениями для фитнеса, например Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest или Google Fit, мы собираем данные, которые Вы указываете, например о росте и весе. Также мы собираем информацию, сохраняемую этими приложениями или устройствами, в том числе сведения о характере сна, пульсе, температуре кожи, сожженных калориях и пройденных шагах.
Запросы государственных органов
Как и другие компании в сфере информационных технологий и телекоммуникаций, Google время от времени получает от государственных учреждений и судов запросы на предоставление личных данных. Наш основной принцип – сохранение конфиденциальности пользователей и защита их личных данных, которые хранятся в Google. При этом мы внимательно рассматриваем все запросы и нередко отказываем в удовлетворении запроса, если он составлен в слишком общих терминах или с нарушением юридических норм. Более подробную информацию можно найти в
Отчете о доступности сервисов и данных
.
Изучение тенденций использования наших сервисов
Когда множество пользователей начинает интересоваться одной и той же темой, это свидетельствует об определенных тенденциях в обществе. Сервис "Google Тренды" анализирует поисковые запросы в Google, оценивает их популярность за определенный период времени и публикует результаты в обобщенном виде.
Подробнее
Индивидуально подобранные рекламные объявления
Персонализированная реклама может демонстрироваться Вам на основе информации от рекламодателя. Например, если Вы что-то покупали на сайте рекламодателя, он может учитывать это при показе объявлений.
Подробнее
Информация
Например, продавцы могут загружать данные, полученные благодаря программам лояльности, чтобы включать эту информацию в результаты поиска (в том числе товаров), а также для оценки эффективности своих рекламных кампаний. Мы предоставляем рекламодателям только сводные отчеты, в которых не раскрывается информация об отдельных пользователях.
Информация о действиях в сервисах Google
Если вы вошли в аккаунт Google и история приложений и веб-поиска включена, в ней могут сохраняться данные о ваших действиях на сайтах, в приложениях и сервисах Google. В некоторых случаях такие сведения включают информацию о том, где вы приблизительно находились, когда использовали сервис Google. Если вы ищете что-то на основе приблизительного местоположения, радиус поиска составляет не менее трех квадратных километров. Он может увеличиваться, пока эта область не будет представлять местоположение по меньшей мере 1000 человек. Это помогает защитить вашу конфиденциальность.
В некоторых случаях при определении подходящего для поискового запроса местоположения может использоваться информация о местах, откуда вы уже выполняли поиск. Например, если вы искали кофейни, находясь в Москве, Google может и дальше показывать вам результаты для этого города.
Просматривать историю приложений и веб-поиска и управлять ею можно на странице
Мои действия
.
Использование данных, которые мы собираем в наших сервисах
Вот несколько примеров того, как мы используем данные, получаемые из наших сервисов (в зависимости от выбранных Вами доступных настроек):
Когда Вы вошли в аккаунт Google и выполняете поиск, то можете видеть не только результаты поиска на общедоступных страницах, но и релевантную информацию из других используемых Вами сервисов Google, таких как Gmail или Google Календарь. Это могут быть сведения о предстоящих полетах, забронированных столиках или гостиничных номерах, а также Ваши фотографии.
Подробнее
Если Вы хотите добавить в документ Google или в мероприятие Google Календаря пользователя, с которым переписывались в Gmail, начните вводить его адрес электронной почты, и Google предложит Вам возможные варианты автозаполнения. Эта функция упрощает общение со знакомыми Вам людьми.
Подробнее
Если Вы не отключили эту функцию в настройках, приложение Google может показывать Вам персонализированный контент на основе данных, которые Вы храните в других сервисах Google. Например, если в Истории приложений и веб-поиска есть сохраненные поисковые запросы, приложение Google может показывать новостные статьи и прочую информацию по интересующим Вас темам, в частности о результатах спортивных соревнований.
Если Вы свяжете аккаунт Google с Google Home, у Вас появится возможность управлять своей информацией и решать различные задачи с помощью Google Ассистента. К примеру, Вы сможете добавлять мероприятия в Google Календарь, узнавать свое расписание на день, запрашивать новые сведения о предстоящих полетах и отправлять на телефон разного рода данные, такие как схемы проезда.
Подробнее
Если Вы пользователь из ЕС, Ваши решения о связывании сервисов будут влиять на то, как определенные сервисы Google смогут использовать данные из наших продуктов.
Использование файлов cookie для правильного функционирования
К примеру, файл cookie под названием lbcs позволяет открывать несколько документов Google в одном браузере. Если этот файл заблокировать, Google Документы будут работать с ошибками.
Подробнее
контакты друзей и знакомых в Интернете
К примеру, когда при создании электронного письма Вы будете вводить адреса в полях "Кому", "Копия" и "Скрытая копия", Gmail будет предлагать адреса пользователей, с которыми Вы
чаще всего переписываетесь
.
контролер данных, ответственный за обработку вашей информации
Аффилированное лицо компании Google, которое отвечает за обработку ваших данных и соблюдение действующих законов о конфиденциальности.
Места, которые вы отмечаете, такие как дом и работа
Вы можете сохранять в аккаунте Google важные места, например домашний или рабочий адрес. Мы можем использовать эту информацию, чтобы показывать более полезную рекламу и чтобы вам было проще делать некоторые вещи, например прокладывать маршруты и находить результаты ближе к дому или месту работы.
Вы можете в любой момент удалить или изменить домашний или рабочий адрес в вашем
аккаунте Google
.
Наши партнеры
Наши партнеры – это более 2 млн сторонних сайтов и приложений, использующих рекламные сервисы Google.
Подробнее
наших пользователей
Например, чтобы предотвращать злоупотребление, а также повышать прозрачность методов модерации контента и ответственности за их соблюдение, Google предоставляет проекту Lumen данные о запросах на удаление контента в своих сервисах. Lumen собирает и анализирует эти запросы для исследования, цель которого – просвещать интернет-пользователей об их правах.
Подробнее…
Необходимые меры предосторожности
Например, мы можем обезличить или зашифровать данные, чтобы их нельзя было связать с другими сведениями о Вас.
Подробнее
номер телефона
Если Вы добавите в свой аккаунт номер телефона, он будет использоваться сервисами Google в разных целях в зависимости от настроек. Например, с его помощью Вы сможете восстановить доступ к аккаунту, если забудете пароль. Кроме того, другим пользователям будет проще с Вами связаться, а мы сможем подбирать для Вас более релевантные рекламные объявления.
Подробнее
Обеспечение стабильной работы сервисов
Мы постоянно проверяем свои сервисы на наличие ошибок. При обнаружении какой-либо неполадки сведения о действиях пользователя, собранные до ее возникновения, позволяют нам быстрее ее устранить.
Общедоступные источники
Мы можем собирать информацию, находящуюся в публичном доступе, чтобы применять ее при обучении моделей искусственного интеллекта от Google и развивать такие сервисы и функции, как Google Переводчик, приложения Gemini и возможности Google Cloud, связанные с использованием AI. Если информация о компании отображается на сайте, мы можем индексировать ее и показывать в сервисах Google.
общества в целом
Например, мы обрабатываем информацию о
запросах на удаление контента
из наших сервисов в целях просвещения общественности, поощрения исследований, а также обеспечения прозрачности в вопросах, связанных с такими запросами.
общественным интересам
Например, мы обрабатываем информацию о
запросах на удаление контента
из наших сервисов согласно правилам Google в отношении удаления контента или действующему законодательству. Это позволяет нам правильно оценивать такие запросы, а также обеспечивать прозрачность, повышать ответственность и предотвращать злоупотребление и мошенничество, связанные с такими запросами.
Определенные сервисы Google
В частности, Вы можете удалить свой
блог
из сервиса Blogger или
сайт на платформе Google
из Google Сайтов. Кроме того, Вы можете удалять в Play Маркете свои
отзывы
о приложениях, играх и прочем контенте.
Оптимизация
Например, с помощью файлов cookie мы узнаем, как пользователи взаимодействуют с нашими сервисами. Такой анализ помогает нам улучшать качество продуктов Google. В частности, если мы заметим, что выполнение той или иной задачи занимает слишком много времени или вообще труднодостижимо, то можем переработать соответствующую функцию.
Отдельные партнеры
Например, авторы и рекламодатели YouTube могут изучать информацию об аудитории видео и рекламы, получая ее от сторонних компаний, использующих файлы cookie и другие подобные инструменты. Кроме того, продавцы применяют файлы cookie в наших сервисах для электронной торговли, чтобы определять количество уникальных пользователей, просмотревших информацию о товарах.
Подробнее
об этом типе партнеров и о том, как они используют Вашу информацию…
Персонализация наших сервисов
К примеру, мы размещаем дудл Google на стартовой странице Google Поиска в честь важного в Вашей стране события.
платежную информацию
Если Вы свяжете со своим аккаунтом Google кредитную карту или другой способ оплаты, то сможете покупать товары в наших сервисах, например приложения в Play Маркете. Для обработки платежа может понадобиться дополнительная информация, в частности ИНН компании. В некоторых случаях от Вас также может потребоваться подтверждение своих личных данных.
Также платежные данные могут использоваться для проверки Вашего возраста на соответствие нашим требованиям. Это позволяет выявлять ситуации, когда недостаточно взрослый пользователь при создании аккаунта Google указывает недостоверную дату рождения.
Подробнее
полезные объявления
Например, если Вы регулярно смотрите видеорецепты на YouTube, то на других сайтах Вам могут показываться объявления, связанные с кулинарией. Или, если Вы введете запрос "пицца", мы можем определять Ваше примерное местоположение по текущему IP-адресу и показать рекламу ближайшей пиццерии. Подробнее
об объявлениях Google
и о том,
как осуществляется их подбор
…
Просмотры и взаимодействия с контентом и объявлениями
Мы собираем информацию о просмотрах и взаимодействиях с рекламными объявлениями, чтобы предоставлять сводные отчеты рекламодателям. Например, они могут узнать, показывалось ли определенное рекламное объявление на той или иной странице и было ли оно кем-то просмотрено. Мы собираем и другие данные о взаимодействиях, например о том, как пользователи перемещали курсор по объявлению или как они взаимодействовали со страницей, на которой оно было показано.
Противоправная деятельность
Если мы обнаружим спам, вредоносное ПО, противозаконный контент, в том числе связанный с
сексуальным насилием над детьми и их эксплуатацией
, или другие злоупотребления нашими сервисами в нарушение правил, мы оставляем за собой право отключить Ваш аккаунт либо принять другие меры. При определенных обстоятельствах мы также можем сообщить о нарушении в компетентные государственные органы.
Профилактика злоупотреблений
Информация о проблемах с безопасностью позволяет нам уведомлять Вас, если мы предполагаем, что Ваш аккаунт был взломан. В подобных случаях мы также предоставляем инструкции по защите аккаунта.
Результаты поиска
Например, если Вы вошли в аккаунт Google и у Вас включена История приложений и веб-поиска, то с учетом прошлых поисковых запросов и действий в других сервисах Google Вы сможете получить более релевантные результаты. Подробнее об этом рассказано
здесь
. Специально подобранные результаты поиска могут показываться, даже когда Вы вышли из аккаунта. Если это Вас не устраивает, Вы можете
выполнять поиск и переходить по страницам в режиме инкогнито
или выключить
персонализацию поиска без входа в аккаунт
.
Сведения об объектах вокруг Вас
Если на Вашем устройстве Android активирована геолокация, эти данные позволяют нам повышать эффективность работы приложений, которым требуется информация о Вашем местоположении. В частности, к ним относятся Google Карты. При включенной геолокации устройство передает в Google сведения о своем местоположении, данные с датчиков (к примеру, акселерометра), а также информацию о ближайших точках доступа Wi-Fi (такую как MAC-адрес и уровень сигнала) и вышках сотовой связи. Все это помогает определять, где Вы находитесь. Включить геолокацию Google можно в настройках устройства.
Подробнее
Серверы расположены в разных регионах по всему миру
Мы располагаем центрами обработки данных
по всему миру
, благодаря чему наши сервисы всегда доступны пользователям.
Сервисы Google, предназначенные для совершения и приема вызовов или отправки и получения сообщений
В число таких сервисов входят:
Google Voice, с помощью которого можно совершать и принимать звонки, отправлять SMS и пользоваться голосовой почтой;
Google Meet, с помощью которого можно общаться по видеосвязи;
Gmail, с помощью которого можно отправлять и получать электронные письма;
Google Chat, с помощью которого можно отправлять и получать сообщения;
Google Duo, с помощью которого можно общаться по видеосвязи, а также отправлять и получать сообщения;
Google Fi, с помощью которого можно пользоваться услугами связи, выбрав тарифный план.
Синхронизация с Вашим аккаунтом Google
История просмотров в Chrome сохраняется только в том случае, если Вы включили синхронизацию Chrome в своем аккаунте Google.
Подробнее
Соотнесение
В Google Analytics используются собственные файлы cookie, которые устанавливаются пользователем сервиса. Наши технологии позволяют владельцам аккаунта Google Analytics и компании Google связывать эти файлы cookie со сторонними файлами, имеющими отношение к посещениям других сайтов. Данные Google Analytics помогают рекламодателям повышать релевантность объявлений или более подробно анализировать свой трафик.
Подробнее
Стабильность и удобство
К примеру, мы анализируем, как пользователи взаимодействуют с рекламой, чтобы увеличить эффективность наших объявлений.
Третьи лица
Помимо прочего, мы обрабатываем Вашу информацию для того, чтобы передавать правообладателям статистику о том, как их контент используется в сервисах Google. Также обработка производится, когда в чьем-то поисковом запросе упоминается Ваше имя: мы показываем в результатах поиска сайты с общедоступной информацией о Вас.
удалить
Например, как указано выше, Вы можете
отправить запрос на удаление контента,
включая тот, который содержит ваши данные, из определенного сервиса Google в соответствии с действующим законодательством (в т. ч. законом о защите данных) и нашими правилами.
устройства
В частности, информация с устройства может использоваться при выборе нужного устройства для установки приложения или просмотра фильма из Google Play. Кроме того, с помощью этой информации мы защищаем Ваш аккаунт.
Устройства Android с приложениями Google Apps
К устройствам Android с приложениями Google Apps относятся устройства, продаваемые компанией Google или нашими партнерами, в частности телефоны, камеры, автомобили, носимые устройства и телевизоры. На них используются сервисы Google Play и другие установленные по умолчанию приложения, в том числе Gmail, Google Карты, приложение для управления камерой и панель набора номера телефона, сервисы для озвучивания текста, экранная клавиатура и средства защиты. Подробнее
о сервисах Google Play
.
Google
О Google
Конфиденциальность
Условия использования
Центр прозрачности
Раскрывающийся список, который позволяет сменить язык сайта. Всего 65 пунктов. В каждом из них указано название языка.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Главное меню
Приложения Google