Al usar este sitio Ud. acepta el uso de cookies para análisis, contenido personalizado y publicidad.
Saber más
Aceptar Cookies
Confidenciality
atencionalcliente@granavision.com
Services
Help
Legal Inf.
Hiring
Confidenciality
View basket
Confidenciality
- By means of this notice, MOVVIENDO TOURISM GROUP, S.L. (hereinafter MOVVIENDO- GRANAVISION, MOVVIENDO ANDALSUR, MOVVIENDO VIATIS ) informs the users of the different Internet portals www.alhambraonline.com, www.visitargranada.com, www.andalsurexcursiones.com, www.viatis. (hereinafter, the "Users" and the "Portal") about its personal data protection policy (hereinafter, "Personal Data") so that the Users may freely and voluntarily determine whether they wish to provide MOVVIENDO TOURISM GROUP, S. L. the Personal Data that may be required of them or that may be obtained from Users when subscribing to or registering for any of the services offered on any of the Portals or through the Portal. www.movviendo.com reserves the right to modify this policy to adapt it to new legislation or case law as well as to industry practices. In such cases, MOVVIENDO TOURISM GROUP, S.L. will announce on this page the changes introduced reasonably in advance of their implementation.Certain services provided on the Portals may contain special conditions with specific provisions on the protection of Personal Data.The Personal Data collected will be automatically processed and incorporated into the corresponding automated files by MOVVIENDO TOURISM GROUP, S.L., which owns and is responsible for its own files (hereinafter, the "Files"). - For this purpose, MOVVIENDO TOURISM GROUP, S.L. will provide users with the appropriate technical resources so that they can previously access this notice on the Data Protection Policy or any other relevant information and give their consent for MOVVIENDO TOURISM GROUP, S.L. to proceed with the automated processing of their personal data. Except in fields where otherwise indicated, responses to questions about Personal Data are voluntary, and failure to respond does not imply a reduction in the quality or quantity of the corresponding services, unless otherwise indicated.The purpose of the collection and automated processing of Personal Data is to maintain the contractual relationship, if any, established with MOVVIENDO TOURISM GROUP, S.L., the management, administration, provision, expansion and improvement of the services to which the user decides to subscribe, register or use, the adaptation of these services to the preferences and tastes of the users, the study of the use of the services by the users, the design of new services related to these services, the sending of service updates, the sending, by traditional and electronic means, of technical, operational and commercial information about products and services offered by MOVVIENDO TOURISM GROUP, S.L. or through this company at present and in the future. The purpose of the collection and automated processing of personal data also includes the sending of survey forms, which the user is not obliged to answer.
Certain services provided on the Portals may contain special conditions with specific provisions on the protection of Personal Data.The Personal Data collected will be automatically processed and incorporated into the corresponding automated files by MOVVIENDO TOURISM GROUP, S.L., which owns and is responsible for its own files (hereinafter, the "Files"). - For this purpose, MOVVIENDO TOURISM GROUP, S.L. will provide users with the appropriate technical resources so that they can previously access this notice on the Data Protection Policy or any other relevant information and can give their consent so that MOVVIENDO TOURISM GROUP, S.L. can proceed with the automated processing of their personal data. Except in fields where otherwise indicated, responses to questions about Personal Data are voluntary, and failure to respond does not imply a reduction in the quality or quantity of the corresponding services, unless otherwise indicated.The purpose of the collection and automated processing of Personal Data is to maintain the contractual relationship, if any, established with MOVVIENDO TOURISM GROUP, S.L., the management, administration, provision, expansion and improvement of the services to which the user decides to subscribe, register or use, the adaptation of these services to the preferences and tastes of the users, the study of the use of the services by the users, the design of new services related to these services, the sending of service updates, the sending, by traditional and electronic means, of technical, operational and commercial information about products and services offered by MOVVIENDO TOURISM GROUP, S.L. or through this company at present and in the future. The purpose of the collection and automated processing of personal data also includes the sending of survey forms, which the user is not obliged to answer.- MOVVIENDO TOURISM GROUP, S.L. has adopted the legally required levels of security for the protection of Personal Data, and has installed all the technical means and measures within its power to prevent the loss, misuse, alteration, unauthorised access and theft of Personal Data provided to the COMPANY. Nevertheless, the User must be aware that Internet security measures are not impregnable.In certain cases MOVVIENDO TOURISM GROUP, S.L. intends to transfer Personal Data to third parties. Where appropriate, this circumstance will be duly notified to users on the forms used to collect personal data, along with the identification of the company that is transferring the data and the third party, the type of activities it engages in and the purpose of the transfer. - The third parties to whom we intend to transfer the Personal Data will be located in Spain. In any case, MOVVIENDO TOURISM GROUP, S.L. guarantees the maintenance of confidentiality and the secure processing of Personal Data in the national movements that may occur as a result of these transfers.Users have and may exercise their rights of access, cancellation, rectification and opposition, as well as the right to be informed of any transfers made, by contacting MOVVIENDO TOURISM GROUP, S.L. by e-mail at bajas@granavision.com. MOVVIENDO TOURISM GROUP, S.L. may use cookies when a user browses the websites and web pages of the Portal. Our cookies are only associated with an anonymous user and their computer, and do not provide the name and surname of the user. - Thanks to cookies, it is possible for MOVVIENDO TOURISM GROUP, S.L. to recognise registered Users after they have registered for the first time, without them having to register on each visit to access the areas and services reserved exclusively for them. - The cookies used cannot read data from your hard drive or read cookie files created by other providers. MOVVIENDO TOURISM GROUP, S.L. encrypts the User's identification data for greater security. Users can configure their browser to notify them on screen when cookies are received and to prevent the installation of cookies on their hard drive. Please consult the instructions and manuals of your browser for further information. - To use the Portal, it is not necessary for the User to allow the installation of cookies sent by MOVVIENDO TOURISM GROUP, S.L., although in this case it will be necessary for the User to register as a user of each of the services that require prior registration.
**Cancellations for activities that include a visit to the ALHAMBRA OF GRANADA AND ALCAZAR OF SEVILLE: **Cancellations up to 60 days before the activity, a charge of 8 € will be made. - Cancellations up to 60 days before the activity, a charge of 8 € will be made.Cancellations from 59 days to 72 hours before the activity, there will be a charge of 24,90€.Cancellations from 72 hours before the activity, the money will not be refundable.- If you need more peace of mind and time, we offer a Cancellation Insurance where for 3,90€ /person you can cancel up to 24 hours before the start of the tour. The full amount of the ticket (except insurance fees) will be refunded.Cancellation of activities:** ** Free cancellation up to 48 hours before the tour starts.Free cancellation up to 48 hours before the activity.After this period, i.e. from 48 hours until the activity takes place, the money will not be refunded, and no-shows will incur a 100% charge.If you need more peace of mind and time, we offer you a Cancellation Insurance in which for 3,90€ /person you can cancel up to 24 hours before the start of the tour. The full amount of the ticket (except insurance fees) will be refunded.
Facebook
Twitter
GooglePlus
Linkedin
Pinterest
Vimeo
Youtube
Tripadvisor
Back
For more information about our services please visit our web ....www.visitargranada.com..... or call us at (+34) 958 535 872
Home