Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is meant to provide you with the information regarding how we, at Precise Wellness LLC (”ThinkUp”), collect personal data relating to you, where do we collect it from, how do we process it, who do we share it with, how do we secure it, and how can you enforce your legal rights for cease of processing, amendment, deletion and ratification.
This Privacy Policy is not meant to be confusing. We made our best to make it human-readable and to ensure that this information is brought to you in a manner which allows you to consider whether you consent to our use of this personal data, or whether you wish for us not to provide you with the services.
Note that you are under no legal obligation to provide us with any personal data, and that your consent is the sole basis for our use of it.
How Do We Collect Personal Data?
We collect personal data in the following methods: First, we collect personal data when you register to our services or order our products. We do so by taking the personal data you filled out in our forms, as well as your use of the websites and applications. Then, we collect personal information when we interact with you: when you contact us through our support systems, when you send us emails or when you contact us via phone.
What Personal Data Do We Collect?
We collect mainly information that relates to your use of our services, which includes: (i) demographics, your first and last name, your email address, your gender, age, and approximate location (where the device was bought); (ii) information on why you bought our application; (iii) information relating to your use of the device, which includes the number of hour you sit each day, the pain levels you experience, your postures and progress.
We also collect the contents of all correspondence between ourselves and our clients.
How Do We Process Personal Data?
We use your personal data in order to allow you to save your data and affirmations. All the recording are located on the users’ youdevice only with no backup from our side . This includes, …
We also keep your contact information, both to provide you with access to our application, to contact you with notifications about your device, use of the software and new features, as well as to let you know if we believe you need help our help in practice.
We process your personal data also in order to create statistic, non-personally identifiable, data which is used to assist us in better understanding of features.
We also process your personal data to understand your …
Who Has Access To Your Personal Data?
We do our best to ensure that your personal data remains secure. We provide our employees with limited, monitored, access, only on a need-to-know basis. We also use some contractors that are engaged by our company to provide us with services. Both our employees and contractors are under strict confidentiality agreements.
We also use a few, limited, third parties to process your information. These third parties are:
– Intercom, which is our user-engagement system, and provides us with insights about how people use our services.
– Firebase by Google, which is an analytics system that helps us to understand how people use our mobile apps.
– Apple Health, which is used if you use an iOS device, and helps you to track your practice time and day.
App Annie- we use this service to track our apps and website performance
Google Analytics – we use this service to track our apps and website  performance
Flurry by Yahoo –  is an analytics system that helps us to understand how people use our mobile apps.
Facebook events by Facebook – helps us to understand how people use our mobile apps.
Facebook login system allows us to help you access your data easily using Facebook authentication system
– MailChimp, which is our email marketing service, and helps us to update you periodically about our services.
– Facebook Ads, Apple Search Ads, Google Ads, Instagram Ads, Twitter Ads, which are our marketing tools that allow us to contact you via alternative channels.
We also use applications to connect our databases, which include Firebase and MongoDB
In case you purchased our merchandize products, your data will be processed and stored using the Stripe platform
Apple Pay – our premium users data is processed and stored by Apple. We use this data to verify if users are subscribed and are eligible for premium services
How Do We Secure Personal Information?
We secure personal information by storing it in industry-grade servers, when information may be encrypted to prevent abuse and misuse. We completely rely on the industry top-tier cloud services, such as Google (for Firebase), Stripe and Apple to secure your information . We hire the most professional teams to make sure the cloud services are implemented and integrated flawlessly for our users. We make sure that all access to our servers is logged, and in some cases use two-factor-authentication.
How Can We Contact You?
We use your contact information to contact you from time to time with promotional offers, updates relating to our services, new features or information relating to a security breach, if it happens. We also may send you push notifications or text messages to update you with information relating to your specific use of the applications.
You can opt out from all notifications or any notifications using our services.
How Can You Review, Amend or Delete Your Personal Data?
We can provide you with a copy of your personal data if you contact us by sending an email to
info@thinkup.me
; after you do so, we will verify that this request is genuine, and send your personal data. If you find any of the personal data to be inaccurate, please let us know and we will amend it.
You can also request, post-review, that we remove personal data. In such case, we will retain the minimum amount that we are required by law, but will remove all excess data.
Can You Request That We Cease Processing?
Yes. You can contact us at
info@thinkup.me
and request that we cease processing your personal data.
Children and Minors.
ThinkUp is meant for adults. We do not provide our services for children or minors. If you are over 14 and under 18, you need to provide us with parental permission to process and retain the information, and specifically let us know.
Cookies.
Our website uses first party and third party cookies. A cookie is a small file placed on your browser’s environment which allows us to identify you as a unique user. It does not contain any personal information, nor can it be used to by anyone but ourselves and our third party service providers (who provide third party cookies).
You may opt out from storing cookies on your device altogether, or specifically from our website in your browser’s settings. However, this may impair your use of our services.
Can We Amend This Privacy Policy?
Yes. We may amend this privacy policy from time to time. We will keep you updated when we do so. Please note that updates and changes will be logged in our changelog hereunder. No update shall have any retroactive effect.
What Happens In Case of Merger?
If our company is acquired, merged, or otherwise transfers its business into a new entity, we might be required to merge databases as well. In such case, we will provide you with a 14-day notice to either delete your information or request that we cease processing. If no response arrives, we may merge databases in such case.