Privacy Policy
admin
2024-03-07T18:28:59+00:00
Interrad Medical, Inc. (“Interrad Medical”) takes your privacy seriously and has created the following Privacy Policy to describe the information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit this website (“Site”) and our practices for collecting, using, protecting and disclosing that information. Before using or submitting information to this Site, please read this entire Privacy Policy. By using this Site, you agree that you have read and understand this Privacy Policy. Whenever you submit information via this Site, you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Interrad Medical is responsible for the processing of personal information collected from you through this website. If you have any questions, request or wish to make any complaint in relation to our use of your data, please contact us through the email address provided at the end of this Privacy Policy. The postal address and other contact details of Interrad Medical are available on the Site.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
Interrad Medical may update this Privacy Policy periodically. It is your responsibility to review the most recent version of the Privacy Policy and remain informed about any changes to it. Personal data collected from you will be used by us for those purposes indicated in this Privacy Policy or on the Site at the time that the information was collected. If we wish to use the information for other purposes, we will only do so after notifying you of that purpose.
What Information is Collected
This Site may collect both personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) and information about your use of this Site that is not identifiable to you personally (“Non-personal Information”). Non-personal Information may include technical information such as the type of Internet browser you use, the date and time you access the Site, your Internet protocol address, and which pages you view on the Site. Personal Information may include your name, address, email address, telephone number, and place of business. You may also have the opportunity to provide Interrad Medical with other Personal Information through certain sections of this Site, such as registration forms and surveys.
Use of Non-personal Information
Interrad Medical uses Non-personal Information to improve this Site and for other management and business purposes. Interrad Medical may share Non-personal Information with third parties, but never in a way that directly connects you to the Non-personal Information.
Passive Information Collection
Like many other websites, this Site may collect some information passively as you navigate through the Site (that is, without you actively providing the information) using various technologies and means, such as navigational data collection. This information is generally not personally-identifiable, and may be used to improve or administer the Site or navigation of the Site, to diagnose server problems, collect and report aggregate information, or to determine the fastest connection route between your computer and our Site. Passive information collection may include navigational data (“log files,” “server logs,” and “clickstream” data), which are used for system management, to improve the content of the Site, market research purposes, and to communicate information to visitors. This Site may or may not use navigational data. We may collect information regarding Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. Cookies are small text files stored by your Internet browser on your computer when you visit a Site. Interrad Medical uses cookies to improve this Site and make it easier to use. Cookies permit the Site to recognize you and avoid repetitive requests for the same information. You may change your Internet browser’s settings to refuse these cookies. However, if you do so, you may not be able access certain parts of this Site. Internet tags are smaller than cookies and tell the Site server information such as the IP address and browser type related to your computer. This Site may or may not use Internet tags.
Use of Personal Information
Interrad Medical may use Personal Information to provide you with access to certain sections of this Site. In addition, Interrad Medical may use your Personal Information to respond to your requests and questions, to personalize your access to this Site, to contact you with information that might be of interest to you, to fulfill the purpose for which you provide the Personal Information, for any purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information, and for Interrad Medical’s internal business purposes such as keeping records of our communications with you, compiling statistical data concerning the use of the Site and ensuring our compliance with legal requirements.
Disclosure of Personal Information
Interrad Medical may disclose your Personal Information to our subsidiaries and affiliates; to contractors, service providers or other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep Personal Information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them. Interrad Medical may transfer your Personal Information to a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of the company or of Interrad Medical’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which
Personal information is among the assets transferred. Interrad Medical may disclose your Personal Information to third parties if Interrad Medical believes that the disclosure is necessary to enforce this Privacy Policy or the terms governing your use of this Site, to protect the rights or property of Interrad Medical or another party, or to protect the confidentiality of another party. Interrad Medical may disclose your Personal Information to comply with any court order, law or legal process, including in response to a government or regulatory request, or when Interrad Medical believes that an applicable law, regulation, or legal process requires it. Interrad Medical also may create aggregate information from your Personal Information that does not identify any individual. Interrad Medical may use such aggregate information for its management and business purposes and may share this aggregate information with third parties. This aggregate information will not identify you or your Personal Information.
No mobile information will be shared with third parties/affiliates for marketing/promotional purposes. All the above categories exclude text messaging originator opt-in data and consent; this information will not be shared with any third parties.
Security of Information
Interrad Medical takes appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect your Personal Information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction, but does not and cannot guarantee such protection. Please bear in mind that transmissions over the Internet are not completely secure, and any information you send to or from this Site may be accessible by others. More specifically, email sent to or from this Site may not be secure. As a result, you should take particular care in deciding what information you send via email. Any passwords, ID numbers, or other special access numbers you might use to access any part of this Site are your responsibility; take care to safeguard them.
Transfer of Personal Information Across Borders
Personal Information you provide to us through the Site is provided to us in the United States of America. We may use servers and cloud services to store data in other territories and may transfer the data to other territories for the purpose of storage and data management.
Children
This Site is not intended for children under the age of 13. Interrad Medical does not intentionally collect or use any Personal Information from children who identify themselves as being under the age of 16.
Links to Third Party Websites
Interrad Medical’s Site may contain links to other websites. When you click on one of these links you are being transferred to a website operated by someone other than Interrad Medical, and the operator of that website may have a different privacy policy. Interrad Medical does not share your personal information with these websites and is not responsible for their individual privacy practices. We encourage you to investigate the privacy policies of these operators.
No Error-Free Performance
Interrad Medical does not guarantee error-free performance under this Privacy Policy. Interrad Medical may not always catch an unintended privacy issue, despite its efforts to do so. Interrad Medical will use reasonable efforts to comply with this Privacy Policy and will take prompt corrective action when Interrad Medical learns of any failure to comply with it. Accordingly, Interrad Medical welcomes your feedback regarding any privacy concerns that you may have.
Legal Rights
Insofar as we collect your Personal Information in the European Union, you have a legal right to require access to any such Personal Information we hold about you and to require its rectification if it is incomplete or inaccurate.
Email feedback, requests and complaints should be addressed to: info@interradmedical.com