Last updated on 12 August, 2024
At 1st Online Solutions Limited (we, us, 1st Online Solutions Limited, Fantastic Services), we understand that your privacy is very important to you. That’s why we are committed to protecting and respecting the privacy of all users of our websites, apps and any other services we provide (“our Services").
Our Privacy Policy, which is set out below, explains what information and personal data we may collect from you, as well as how we may use or share any information that we have collected or you have provided to us. Please note that we are only describing our own practices here, which apply to all websites that we own and operate and to all services that we provide, including our online and mobile products. This policy does not apply to third parties, including other companies you might interact with on or through our services.
When you use and provide information to us via our Services, you are accepting and consenting to our processing of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy, our
Cookies Policy
, our
Website Terms of Use
, our
GoFantastic End User Licence
(available in-app) and, if applicable, our
BFantastic End User Licence
(available in-app).
Please read this entire policy carefully. When registering an account, or using our websites, apps and services, you are agreeing to the practices described below.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 2018 (the Act), the data controller is 1st Online Solutions Limited, a company registered in England and Wales, with registered company number 07082485, whose registered office is located at 9 Temsford Close, North Harrow, London, HA2 6LB. We are registered as a data controller with the Information Commissioner’s Office under registration number ZA040002.
If you don’t understand any parts of the policy or you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us at privacy@fantasticservices.com.
Our commitment to privacy
We want 1st Online Solutions to not only stand for a Fantastic experience, but to also be among the first to set the new standard in data protection regulations. We have adopted the requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation (‘GDPR’) to ensure that we fully comply with the principles of national and international data protection laws. We have established the following data protection principles as our guidelines:
Lawfulness, fairness and transparency of data processing. Your personal data will be collected and processed in a legal, fair, and transparent manner.
Purpose and storage limitation. The personal data we collect serves an explicit and a legitimate purpose and will not be stored by us for any longer than is necessary
Data minimisation. Any personal data that we use will be adequate, up to date, and only limited to what is necessary for us and our partners to provide any of the offered services.
Accuracy. The personal data we have on file will be the correct, complete, and updated (if necessary) information that you have personally provided us with. Suitable steps will be taken to ensure that inaccurate or incomplete data is either deleted, corrected, supplemented, or updated.
Confidentiality and data security. Your personal data will be treated as confidential, and will be kept secure by taking all suitable organisational and technical measures to prevent unauthorised access, illegal processing and distribution, as well as the accidental loss, modification, or destruction of your personal data.
Information we may collect from you
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information that you provide to us, such as your name, address, email address and telephone number, age, username, password and other registration information, financial and credit card information, personal description, details of your household or business, details of any pets you may have and any information about you or your property revealed in photographs and/or video and/or audio recordings of you or your property and any persons or objects therewith which you provide to us or which the service provider takes or records before, during and/or after the provision of the services in accordance with the terms and conditions of the services and any other information that you choose to provide voluntarily, when you:
- register with us and log in through our websites and/or our apps;
- create an account in our websites and/or our apps;
- submit a booking enquiry through our websites and/or our apps;
- make a booking/order through our websites and/or our apps, and during the service itself;
- complete contact or enquiry forms on, or otherwise provide information via, our websites and/or our apps;
- subscribe to receive any newsletter we may offer from time to time;
- complete any voluntary surveys we may ask you to participate in from time to time;
- send feedback to us via our website and/or our apps;
- respond to our marketing communications;
- correspond with us by telephone, post or email or via the instant chat function on our websites and our apps (in which case we will keep a record of that correspondence); or
- report a problem with any of our Services.
Information that we may collect automatically each time you visit any of our websites, use any of our apps or account systems:
- basic demographic information and preferences (if you opted in for sharing demographic data in your Google Account; technical information, including the type of device) you use, network information, your operating system, the type of browser you use, etc;
- statistical usage data about our users’ browsing actions, patterns, interactions and navigation through our apps and/or websites. Please note that this data does not identify any individual;
We may also use GPS technology or other location technology in connection with our apps to determine your current location. This will be the case, for example, if you are a customer and would like to use the instant chat function in the GoFantastic app, or if you provide services under the Fantastic Services brand and use the BFantastic app to manage your jobs (for further details see the
BFantastic End User Licence,
which is available in-app). Some of our location-enabled services require your personal data for the feature to work. If you wish to use the particular feature, you will be asked to consent to your data being used for this purpose. You can withdraw your consent at any time by changing your location preferences in the settings menu on your device. We are working closely with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, search information providers, credit reference agencies, fraud prevention agencies and debt collection agencies) and may receive information about you from them.
Here is what type of information you can access:
Up-to-date information regarding recent orders; personal information (including name, email, phone, address, communications and personalised advertising preferences); payment settings (including credit card information); marketing communication settings; booking and enquiry history.
How we may use your information
We use the information that you give us:
- to administer any account you may have with us;
- to manage your booking or respond to booking enquiry and to arrange the performance of services by your service provider;
- to occasionally provide you with co-branded and joint offerings in the form of products or services;
- to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us;
- to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us;
- to communicate with you about any comments, complaints, queries or feedback you might have about us or the Services;
- to give you the ability to interact with any service features on our website when you choose to do so, for instance with your online account and all of its features, our real-time chat service, our online booking system, and more;
- to allow you to participate in interactive features of our services, when you choose to do so;
- to notify you about any changes to our Terms or our Services, to communicate any information about your booking with you and to send you any account-related information and announcements;
- to ensure that content on our websites and our apps is presented in the most effective manner for you and your computer and/or device;
- to provide you with information about goods and services we offer that we feel may interest you by post, telephone, SMS or email. We will send that information by SMS or email only if:
(i) you have consented to this; or
(ii) the information is about products and services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale or negotiation of a sale to you (and you have not opted out of receiving such marketing messages); or
(iii) after opting out (and/or unsubscribing) you continue to use our services; or
(iV) where we are permitted to do so by law without consent, for example, if you have provided us with a company email address. If you do not want us to use your information in this way, please contact us using our
contact form
or the contact details in paragraph Contact below.
Specifically, we will provide your data to the service provider who is allocated to provide services to you, for the purpose of providing those services. This information may include (i) your name, address and contact details; (ii) the details about your property and the services you require, together with any relevant photographs you may have provided; (iii) the non-binding quote we have provided to you; and (iv) your payment details.
We use the information about you that we collect automatically:
- to administer our websites and our apps and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
- to improve our websites, apps and services, to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer and device;
- to monitor and improve the security, quality and efficiency of our products and services;
- to allow you to participate in interactive features on the websites and apps, when you choose to do so;
- as part of our efforts to keep our websites and apps safe and secure;
- to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you;
- to make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may interest you and to otherwise manage our relationship with our clients.
We use the information about you that we collect from other sources in combination with the information you give to us and the information about you that we collect automatically. We will only use such information for the purposes set out above.
Cookies
Our websites and our apps use cookies to distinguish you from other users. This helps us to provide you with the best possible experience when you browse our websites and apps and also allows us to improve our Services. For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our
Cookies Policy
.
Where we store and process your information
We are an international company with operations around the world. By using our services, you are authorising us to process your information anywhere we or our partners do business.
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure server in Bulgaria. We have in place a level of security appropriate to the nature of the information stored and the harm that might result from a breach of security.
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (EEA). It is possible that it may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff maybe engaged in, among other things, the processing of your booking, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our websites or app, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
All payments made through our websites and our apps are processed by our selected third party payment processing services. Such payments are encrypted using Secure Sockets Layer technology. We do not store any of your credit or debit card details in connection with your payment.
We may process and store information that we have collected anywhere that we or our partners operate, in countries outside of your country of residence. We keep cross-border transfer of personal information to a minimum. In cases where we do transfer any personal information to countries outside of your country of residence, we ensure you that the information is transferred in accordance with this Privacy Policy and according to the applicable laws.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our websites or our apps; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Disclosure of your information
Disclosure within 1st Online’s companies
We may disclose your personal information to any member of our family of companies, which includes but is not limited to any of the companies registered in England, Wales, Bulgaria and/or Australia (for a current list, please email us at privacy@fantasticservices.com), our ultimate holding company and/or its subsidiaries, any of our subsidiaries (as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006) of the relevant company, our ultimate holding company and/or any and all of its subsidiaries, partners, service providers, licensors, licensees or any other third parties related to us.
Third party companies
We may disclose your personal information to third parties for the following purposes:
Provision of services
We work with a network of service providers who carry out the services that you have requested. When you book a service, we will forward any relevant information (such as names, addresses, means of contact, types of services and payment, photos and videos that you have sent us during the booking process, specific requests, etc.) that you have provided and that is needed by the service provider in order to carry out the service. These partners will also abide to all confidentiality obligations that are consistent with our Privacy Policy and the agreements that we have entered into with them.
Payment services
When you are paying for a service by credit or debit card, we will share your payment-related information (such as credit or debit card number, purchase amount, date of purchase, name, email, billing address, phone number, IP, location and other device details and in some cases, your transaction history to authenticate you) with entities we have engaged to process payments and provide similar financial services (for example fraud prevention). In any such case, the service providers are allowed to process only the information solely for the purposes necessary to perform the requested service.
Change of ownership
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets; or
If all or substantial amount of 1st Online Solutions Limited’s assets or the assets of our group of companies are acquired by a third party. In this case, personal data held by us about our customers will be one of the transferred assets;
Duty to disclose
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our
Website Terms of Use
, our
GoFantastic End User Licence
, our
BFantastic End User Licence
and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property or safety of 1st Online Solutions Limited, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection, credit risk reduction and in an event of a report/claim made to our insurers or the insurers of our partners;
Breach of agreement
If you do not make payments that you owe in relation to any services provided to you by the service provider, we we may disclose your personal data to credit reference agencies and to fraud prevention agencies for the purposes of fraud prevention. We may also disclose your personal data to debt collection agencies which may use your information to trace your whereabouts and recover the debts. The information which we provide to such agencies may in turn be provided by those agencies to other organisations which may use your personal data to perform similar checks. Information recorded by fraud prevention agencies may be accessed by organisations in other jurisdictions;
Protect clients and/or any third parties
If we are forced to protect our own rights, property and operations (enforcing contract performance or pursuing remedies or limiting damages we may sustain).
Security
We are committed to securing personal information and any data we collect from clients. We use physical, technical and organisational security safeguards to help protect the information that we have collected from unauthorised access and third parties.
However, please note that no server, network or data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure and we cannot guarantee the security of any information transmitted through our websites, apps and account systems and make no assurance about our ability to prevent any such loss or misuse. By choosing to share any information with us, you are accepting this risk.
Your rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes. You can also exercise this right at any time by accessing the preference centre in your online account or by contacting us using the contact details in paragraph Contact us below.
The General Data Protection Regulation also grants you the rights : to know about and access the information we hold about you, to request changes to your personal information if it is erroneous or misrepresents you in any way and to request a copy of your personal data, ask that we restrict the processing of your personal data, or to have us completely erase it by clicking
here
or going to More -> Settings -> Privacy -> Delete Account in the GoFantastic applications.
Additionally, you can limit the personal information you share. The only way we collect personal information is when you provide it to us voluntary. You can choose to browse some parts of the 1st Online Solution Ltd.’ websites without ever creating an account, purchasing a service or otherwise submitting personal information to us. Any personal information that is given to us will generally be retained for as long as your account is active or for as long as it is necessary to provide a service or operate our business, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
If you have more questions or you want to exercise any of your rights, contact our team by sending an email to privacy@fantasticservices.com. We will then review your request and get back to you within 30 days. You can also reach out to The Information Commissioner’s Office, who will be able to advise you on how to submit a complaint.
Links to third-party websites
Our websites may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites. We welcome any feedback about third-party websites linked to from our websites.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
By submitting your information to us, you consent to the use of that information as set out in this Privacy Policy. If we change our Privacy Policy, we will post the updated policy on this page and may place notices elsewhere within the websites and the apps (such as the home page) for a reasonable period of time, so that you may be aware of the changes.
In the event of any changes, we will also update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy. You should check our Privacy Policy occasionally to ensure that you are happy with any changes we make. Your continued use of the Services following any changes to this Privacy Policy will mean you accept those changes.
Contact us
At any time, you can contact our information security team directly with all questions, comments and suggestions concerning this Privacy Policy and data protection at privacy@fantasticservices.com or address it to 1st Online Solutions Limited by post at 9 Temsford Close, North Harrow, London, HA2 6LB.