Torima-Soft
Handling of Personal Information
This privacy policy applies to apps that released or updated on June 2019 or later.
In addition, the privacy policy will be revised or improved as required.
1. Ad Network Advertisement
We use our app to display external company ad network advertisement programs. Please view the privacy policy of the respective ad network company for information regarding the handling of information acquired through these advertisements.
List of Used Ad Networks
AdMob
AdMob & AdSense policies
InMobi
Privacy Policy
i-Mobile
Privacy Policy
Nend
Privacy Policy
AppBank Network
Privacy Policy
Unity Ads
Privacy Policy
In addition, our app uses advertising identifiers to display advertisements from the aforementioned ad networks.
2. Online play and in-app purchases
For the following functions, we use the following services or functions provided by Apple Inc.
Online ranking and network play (GameCenter)
In-app purchases
App sales through the AppStore
For information regarding the handling of information by these services and functions, please refer to the privacy policy of Apple Inc.
Apple Privacy Policy
In addition, our app is linked within the app to the AppStore.
3. Handing of Personal Information
Personal information collected by our service is appropriately managed in accordance with the laws of Japan or the laws of other countries for the protection of personal information.
Copyright © 2019 Torima-Soft All Rights Reserved.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy/:
We use necessary and (optional) analytics cookies on our websites to analyze traffic and personalize content. You can read our
cookie policy
to understand how we use cookies. You may press 'decline' if you do not want us to use optional cookies. We will set a cookie on your device to remember and honor your preference.
Accept
Decline
We use third-party cookies to measure website performance, analytics, personalize content and ads for you. Read our
cookie policy
for more details.
Decline
Customize
Accept All
General
Content Guidelines Advertisers
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
COPPA
Security
Trust and Safety
Opt-Out
Publisher Policy
InMobi CMP Terms of Service
Content Guidelines Publishers
InMobi Sanctions Compliance
GDPR
Privacy Policy for EEA
Data Subject / Consumer Request Policy
Privacy Policy
English
English
Spanish
Portuguese
Bahasa
Japanese
Chinese
LAST UPDATED: FEBRUARY 2024
EFFECTIVE: FEBRUARY 2024
1. INTRODUCTION
InMobi runs a marketing platform solution which provides advertising and monetization services/products (whether owned or through its partners) to marketers and supply partners including through digital media, sites, surveys, owned or operated application(s)/widgets, exchange(s) for demand/supply, marketing automation solutions and other services, such as, fraud detection, reporting, audiences, attribution, analytics, modelling, segments, measurement (“Marketing Platform”).
2. SCOPE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY
2.1 APPLICABILITY
This Privacy Policy explains how InMobi collects, uses and shares information from individuals that interact with its services, offering or platforms comprising its Marketing Platform (“Marketing Platform Services”) and its website, respectively. (“InMobi” means InMobi Pte. Ltd. and its subsidiaries). InMobi is the controller for the personal information we process, unless otherwise stated. InMobi Pte. Ltd. is an NAI (Network Advertising Initiative) member, and we adhere to the NAI Code of Conduct.
2.2 NON-APPLICABILITY
InMobi may offer independent mobile applications, web content services, lock-screen platforms, social entertainment platform(s), widgets, and/or other software features to consumers through smart devices which may be preloaded on the devices, downloadable, hosted on web or made available through other digital media (“Consumer Offering”). This Privacy Policy does not apply to the collection by or processing practices of each of the foregoing services, respectively. If you are a consumer of any such Consumer Offering, the applicable privacy policy should be available to you through such services. Please refer to the respective privacy policies of each Consumer Offering for a description of its data collection and data use practices.
To the extent that foregoing Consumer Offering promotes any interest-based advertising using the Marketing Platform Services, the terms of this policy would apply to the data processing practices for such Marketing Platform Services.
Marketing Platform Services and Consumer Offering are collectively referred to as “Services”.
3. INMOBI MARKETING PLATFORM SERVICES
InMobi engages with third party site/app publishers and app developers to serve ads on their digital properties on behalf of its demand side advertising partners through various channels of advertising solutions including exchanges, network, off-network etc. InMobi may also serve ads on Consumer Offerings. InMobi also engages in campaign planning, measurement (e.g. whether an advertisement was viewed, its timestamp etc.) and attribution of advertisements, whether by itself or through third party measurement partners.
InMobi provides Marketing Platform Services, including optimization of advertising campaigns, data analytics/enrichment, segment creation, user acquisition, re-engagement, remarketing or retargeting through various digital advertising channels. InMobi receives data into its Marketing Platform from various sources, including end user information collected by our systems, applications/offerings, partners, data/cookie vendors or customers (“Sources”), which may include third party apps, sites and services that you use. Please refer to the privacy policies of the apps, sites, and services you use to understand how those apps, sites and services collect, use, and share data from your interactions with them. InMobi is not responsible for how those third-party apps, sites and services collect and use data.
4. WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
When you view an advertisement distributed through InMobi on a site, app or other digital media, we may collect information on your device and your interaction with the advertisement. This information enables us to serve advertisements to you, improve our Services including to recognize your device when you use other sites and applications that have partnered with us. InMobi may also collect information about you when you elect to interact with our surveys or opinion-based applications. Information we may collect includes:
(a) Device identifiers. Device identifiers are alphanumeric strings that are unique to your device. These include:
iOS devices’ Identifier for Advertising (IDFA) and iOS Identifier for Vendors (IDFV)
Google Advertising ID (GAID), or Android ID for Android devices
Identifier for Advertising on OTT and CTV platforms
International mobile equipment identity (IMEI), in certain jurisdiction as permitted by applicable law
Cookie IDs
(b) Location information, including:
Geo-location or precise location of your device if you have given the app or site permission to collect your location information
Location information we infer based on data collected through a WiFi identifier that your device is connected to, in accordance with applicable law and provided location access is permitted
Location information we infer from your device’s IP address, provided that we will not infer location from an IP address to a more precise than city-level of accuracy unless you have given the app or site permission to collect your location information
(c) Network information, including:
Mobile carrier
Network provider or ISP
Network type (e.g., WiFi or cellular)
IP address
IDs of WiFi access points to which your device is connected
Date and time of connection
(d) Information about apps or sites and our Software Development Kit (SDK), including:
App or site name or version
App identifier
SDK version
API key identifier
Other information about/on your device, including:
Device type (e.g., make and model)
Device startup time and update time
Device name
Screen size
Memory and hard drive capacity
Operating system and version (e.g., iOS 14, Android, Windows, Blackberry)
Mobile browser used (e.g., Chrome, Safari, Firefox)
Language settings (including country code) and time zone
App usage
Device sensor signals (Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Proximity sensor, Orientation/Rotation Vector, Audio Controls Integration)
Advertisement information. We collect information about the ad presented on your device, including:
The content type of the ad (the advertiser and category, e.g. games, finance, entertainment, news)
The ad type (e.g. whether the ad is a text, image, video or other format based)
Where the ad is being served (e.g. the site, digital media or app on which the ad appears)
Whether you viewed, clicked or otherwise interacted with the ad
Survey information. We may ask users to voluntarily participate in online surveys. These surveys help brands improve their products and services offered to you. If you fill out a survey, we may collect your device information described above and information you provide, including your:
Age
Name
Email address
Phone number
Gender
Occupation and income range
Family size and other demographic information
Preference for brands, modes of travel, and other consumer choices.
Other marketing information:
In the context of our Marketing Platform Services, our customers, partners or vendors may also disclose to us certain personal or non-personal information they have separately collected about you during your interaction with their apps, sites or services so that we can effectively provide our Services. This may in the context of websites, including mobile websites, include cookies, other technologies, or other aggregated characteristics or other identifiers related to your device to understand your interaction with such site and to serve certain types of ads relevant to your interests.
These parties serve you cookies in accordance with their own specific privacy/cookie policies and subject to their own applicable legal requirements. We do not use the information they provide to us for any purpose other than as permitted by such third parties or for providing or improving our Services.
Notably, one of our media partners is Google. Please see the link below which describes Google's collection/use of data:
How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps
We do not collect any sensitive data such as racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, genetic data, biometric data, data concerning health. We may show targeted advertisements to fitness enthusiasts.
5. HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We use the information that we collect about your device to:
Display advertisements on your device, which may include interest-based advertising customized to your interests, preferences, locations
For remarketing or retargeting i.e. to display relevant ads if you have previously visited/accessed/downloaded a site or mobile application that we partner with
For bidding to serve advertisements and to determine which ads are most effective
Analyze and provide our demand partners or advertisers reports on the effectiveness of advertisements and campaigns, including across different types of devices based on our determination of devices that are related to the same person. We, or third parties whom we engage to provide this service, may use cross-device data to provide interest-based advertising services and to deliver tailored ads to users across multiple mobile devices including over the top applications and smart televisions
Avoid showing you the same ads too many times
Build custom audience segments to enable our customers and partners better target their advertisements and offers
Improve our Services and assist our customers and partners in improving their products and services
Detect, deter and prevent fraud, fraudulent traffic or to protect the security of our systems
We may process your survey responses and share the response data with the brands who are our customers/marketers
6. WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH?
InMobi may share the information we collect or receive about you as described in this Policy as follows:
Publishers and Supply Partners. We may share your information with publishers (the app or site publishers) to help them understand how users interact with their apps and sites and advertisements on their apps and sites
Demand Partners and Advertisers. We may share your information with demand partners, brands and advertisers who use our Marketing Platform, to allow them to understand the performance of their campaigns; and to help them better target their campaigns, products or offerings
Marketing Partners. We may share your information with data partners who help us with better understanding your preferences by providing data enrichment, analytics and identification services and measurement companies who help us with attribution and tracking of advertisements distributed through us (“Marketing Partners”)
Service Providers. We may share personal information we collect about you with our third-party service providers. The categories of service providers to whom we entrust personal information include: IT and related services; fraud detection, information and services; payment processors; customer service providers; and vendors to support the provision of the Services
Group. We may share personal information with the Group so that the Services of InMobi and/or the Group may be improved and otherwise to serve you and/or our customers better with all our offerings including effective content management “Group” as used in this policy, means, with respect to InMobi, its affiliates and group entities listed
here
.
Disclosures to Protect Us or Others. We may access, preserve, and disclose any information we store associated with you to external parties if we, in good faith, believe doing so is required or appropriate to: comply with law enforcement or national security requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; protect your, our or others’ rights, property, or safety; enforce our policies or contracts; collect amounts owed to us; or assist with an investigation or prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity
Disclosures in the Event of Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers. If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, purchase or sale of assets, or transition of service to another provider, then your information may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction, as permitted by law and/or contract<,/li>
International Data Transfers. Where applicable, we will protect information through other legally valid methods, including international data transfer agreements. You agree that all information processed by us may be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world, including but not limited to, the United States or other countries, which may have data protection laws that are different from the laws where you live. We have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected and require our third-party service providers and partners to have appropriate safeguards as well. Further details can be provided upon request.
7. HOW DO WE KEEP PERSONAL INFORMATION SECURE?
InMobi uses reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect the information it collects about you in compliance with its legal and privacy requirements and contractual obligations. We also seek appropriate contractual protection from our partners regarding their collection, use or treatment of user data. Unfortunately, no system is 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we do not accept liability for unauthorized disclosure.
By using our Services or providing personal information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of our Services. If we learn of a security system’s breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on our Services, by mail or by sending an email to you.
8. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
InMobi retains information collected in the context of our Marketing Platform for a period of up to thirteen (13) months, unless otherwise required by law or applicable contract.
InMobi may retain the information it obtains about you as per the instructions of its customers or partners who provide such information or as required to fulfil our contractual obligations. In case any information is provided by you in participation of a survey or opinion-based application by InMobi, we will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for.
After the applicable retention period, InMobi will only retain and may only use your data: (i) in an aggregated or anonymized format; (ii) to comply with its legal obligations; and (iii) to resolve disputes and enforce agreements. Please note that the use cases stated in this provision will apply as an exception to your data subject or consumer rights related requests.
9. OPTING OUT OF INTEREST BASED ADS
Opting out of interest-based advertising:
If you prefer not to receive interest-based advertising from InMobi, you can opt out at any time by going to the InMobi
Opt Out
page and submitting your device ID or any other listed identifier. If you opt-out of interest-based advertising, you will still receive "generic" ads from InMobi. To opt-out of our cross-device ad targeting, you must opt-out on every device browser and device using the appropriate opt-out methods.
Opting out of surveys:
Each survey that you participate in will provide opt-out instructions, including an option to skip questions, which if elected will ensure that we do not include your device for that survey. Please note that if you opt-out of a survey you may still receive other survey requests. If we reach out to you through marketing communication modes such as emails, you will have the option to unsubscribe from such marketing communications through links provided in such emails.
Opting out of Connected TV:
If you opt-out of interest-based ads on your connected TV device, your advertising ID will not be used to build profiles or target you with interest-based ads and it is likely that you will get irrelevant ads which are not tailored to your interest. To disable interest-based ads, please use the Opt-Out on your Connected TV device as shown below.
On your device, visit Operating System (OS) Privacy Settings. Select Limit Ad Tracking (for iOS/tvOS devices), Opt-out of Interest-Based Ads (for Android devices), Limit Ad Tracking (for Roku devices), or similar setting offered by your OS. Please go through your device manufacturer’s privacy policy for more information.
You may also opt out of interest-based advertising via NAI. Please visit
Mobile Choices | NAI: Network Advertising Initiative
for opting out of interest-based ad on mobile devices and
Internet Connected TV Choices | NAI: Network Advertising Initiative
on TV.
10. PRIVACY RIGHTS
InMobi provides consumers with data subject or consumer rights as and when and to the extent required under such applicable laws.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR):
If you are an EEA data subject, kindly refer our EEA Privacy Policy
https://advertising.inmobi.com/privacy-policy-for-eea/
to see your data subject rights under GDPR
California:
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended (“CCPA”) provides California residents with the right to know what categories of personal information InMobi has collected about them and whether InMobi disclosed that personal information for a business purpose (e.g., to a service provider) in the preceding 12 months. The categories of sources from which we collect personal information and our business and commercial purposes for using personal information are set forth in “4. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?” and “5. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?” above, respectively. The categories of third parties with whom we may share your information are listed in “6. WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH?” above.
California residents have the right to opt out of the “sale” of their personal information. Under the CCPA, “sale” is defined broadly and includes the transfer of personal information by a business to a third party for valuable consideration (even if there is no exchange of money). InMobi may be deemed to be “selling” personal information. The categories of personal information we have “sold” and the categories of third parties we have “sold” personal information to in the preceding twelve months are listed in “6. WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH?” above.
Residents of the State of California (in the United States) have the following additional privacy rights:
You have a right to exercise certain consumer rights such as request to know/ disclose/ access/ delete your data, collected in the last 12 months, by writing to us at
privacy@inmobi.com
.
You have the right to opt out of selling of your data by clicking on the following link:
Do not sell my data
.
Non-Discrimination.
California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of their rights conferred by the CCPA.
Authorized Agent.
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child. To designate an authorized agent, please contact us as set forth in “17. CONTACT US” below and provide written authorization signed by you and your designated agent.
Verification.
To protect your privacy, we will take steps the following steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request. When you make a request, we will ask you to provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative, which may include information about your device.
Additional Privacy Rights for Residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia and Utah
InMobi does not “sell” your personal information. We process your personal information for the purposes of “targeted advertising” ('interest based advertising' for the purposes of this Privacy Policy) as that term is defined under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, Colorado Privacy Act, Connecticut Data Privacy Act and Utah Consumer Privacy Act.
Residents of Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia can opt out of interest based advertising by going to the InMobi
Opt Out
page.
InMobi does not engage in profiling of consumers in furtherance of automated decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects, as those terms are defined under the Colorado Privacy Act.
The privacy laws of your country may grant you the following additional privacy rights relating to their personal information: right to access, request correction, request deletion/anonymization/blocking, restrict/object to processing, withdraw your consent, request data portability, be informed about third parties with whom your data has been shared, and request review of decisions taken exclusively based on automated processing. To exercise these rights, please write to us at
privacy@inmobi.com
.
11. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
InMobi may share your information with clients, customers, partners, the Group and other third parties described above who are based in countries outside of your country of residence (for example, if you are an EEA resident, we may share your information with our non-EEA clients or the Group), subject to any contractual or legal requirements. You agree that all information processed by us may be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world.
While some countries may not have data protection laws that are equivalent to those of the country in which you reside, we will take reasonable measures to protect your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
12. LEAD GENERATION CAMPAIGNS
InMobi may offer form-based advertising solutions to marketers that include the collection of voluntary information from you as part of an advertisement that contains a questionnaire. Such information may consist of personal data, non-personal information or data, or both. All the information that you voluntarily provide in response to such form or questionnaire is typically forwarded directly to the relevant marketer’s servers or their landing page and in such cases will be governed by such marketer's privacy policies in place at the time of transfer.
In the event any personal data is directly processed by InMobi, you acknowledge that InMobi may be required to store such information for the period during which it continues to manage the applicable lead-generation campaign for its marketer on whose behalf the information is collected. This information may be temporarily stored by InMobi solely for running such form-based campaigns and will be used only for the purpose of optimization of such campaigns, subject to applicable legal/privacy and contractual requirements. InMobi has implemented internal safeguards to protect the temporary storage of this information and uses reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect the same. InMobi has mechanisms to delete or anonymize any personal data after the said campaign is concluded or within a period thirty (30) days from the same. Pursuant to the conclusion of the applicable campaign, InMobi may retain and use your Information only to the extent necessary for it to create reports for its client, comply with its legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce agreements and no other purpose. Any non-personal information or data submitted by you may be used for improving our Services.
If you have any questions about InMobi lead generation campaigns, please contact us at:
privacy@inmobi.com
. InMobi will refer any enquiries or complaints to the relevant marketer responsible for the processing of data provided as part of lead generation campaigns.
13. COOKIES
We use cookies and beacons to help us collect some of the information we have described above. This may be done when you interact with us or our third-party partners who enable InMobi to collect data related to your interaction with their apps or sites for the purpose of serving relevant Ads to you and/or improve our services. We may also use cookies on our and our advertiser’s websites to provide website functionality and advertising to you respectively, and to save you having to provide the information you have already given us on subsequent visits to our site.
For more detailed information about the technologies we use and your ability to control those cookies, please visit our
cookie policy
. We recommend that you review the privacy policies of the third-party apps, services or sites that you directly interact with to learn how those third parties use cookies.
14. PRIVACY OF CHILDREN
InMobi complies with the age-gating requirements under applicable privacy laws such as Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended (CCPA) in the U.S., Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais (LGPD), General law of personal data protection in Brazil and GDPR in the EEA and does not knowingly collect personal data about users of sites or apps directed to children. Please also visit our
COPPA Policy
.
15. OTHER WEBSITES
Our website and the ads we service may contain links to other websites. You should be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites as those may have different privacy policies and terms of use and are not associated with us. You agree that we cannot control these links and we shall not be responsible for any use of such websites.
16. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time. The amended Privacy Policy will be displayed on our site. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by means of a notice on this site prior to the change becoming effective. Please check our Privacy Policy regularly to ensure you have read the latest version.
17. CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
privacy@inmobi.com
.
We have appointed a representative in the EU. You can contact them by post at Taylor Vinters Europe Limited, Clifton House, Fitzwilliam Street Lower, Dublin, D02 XT91, Ireland, or by email at
representative@taylorvinters.com
.
To check the previous version of the privacy policy, please
click here
.
First name
*
Last name
*
Email
*
Company name
*
Country
*
- Please Select -
Afghanistan
Aland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua & Barbuda
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Asia/Pacific Region
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
British Virgin Islands
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Caribbean Netherlands
Cayman Islands
Central African Rep
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Europe
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern and Antarctic Lands
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Macedonia (FYROM)
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Myanmar (Burma)
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Occupied Palestinian Territory
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Palistinian Territory
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Islands
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic of Costa Rica
Romania
Russia
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Réunion
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent & the Grenadines
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome & Principe
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Scotland
Senegal
Serbia and Montenegro
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
St Kitts & Nevis
St Lucia
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad & Tobago
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
U.S. Virgin Islands
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City
Venezuela
Vietnam
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Åland Islands
I am
*
Please Select
Ad Tech Provider
Agency
App Marketer
Brand Marketer
Game Marketer
Other
Publisher
Retailer
I am interested in
*
Please Select
Learning more about InMobi
Advertising my brand with InMobi
Advertising my app with InMobi
Monetizing my app with InMobi
Running programmatic campaigns with InMobi on behalf of my clients
Learning more about InMobi's mediation solutions
Something else
Job title
*
Anything else you'd like to tell us?
Lead Source
By checking here, you agree to receive marketing emails about our products and services. You can unsubscribe via a link in the email.
*
The information you provide will be used in accordance with the terms of our
privacy policy
.
Sub-policy 1
https://www.i-mobile.co.jp/privacy.html:
TOP
SERVICE
NEWS
IR
SUSTAINABILITY
COMPANY
RECRUIT
CONTACT
プライバシーポリシー
PRIVACY POLICY
株式会社アイモバイル（以下「当社」といいます。）は、当社の提供する各種サービスの運営において、個人情報について、その重要性を認識し、以下のプライバシーポリシーに基づいて適切に取り扱うこととします。
1. 個人情報の定義
本プライバシーポリシーにおいて、個人情報とは、生存する個人に関する情報であって、次の各号のいずれかに該当するものをいいます。
（1）
        当該情報に含まれる氏名、生年月日その他の記述等（文書、図画若しくは電磁的記録（電磁的方式（電子的方式、磁気的方式その他人の知覚によっては認識することができない方式をいう。）で作られる記録をいう。）に記載され、若しくは記録され、又は音声、動作その他の方法を用いて表された一切の事項（個人識別符号を除く。）をいう。以下同じ。）により特定の個人を識別することができるもの（他の情報と容易に照合することができ、それにより特定の個人を識別することができることとなるものを含む。）
（2） 個人識別符号（個人情報の保護に関する法律第2条第2号が定めるもの）が含まれるもの
2. 個人情報の適正な取得
当社は、偽りその他不正の手段により個人情報を取得しません。また、当社は、次の場合を除き、あらかじめ本人の同意を得ないで、本人の人種、信条、社会的身分、病歴、犯罪の経歴、犯罪により害を被った事実その他本人に対する不当な差別、偏見その他の不利益が生じないようにその取扱いに特に配慮を要するものとして政令で定める記述等が含まれる個人情報（以下「要配慮個人情報」といいます。）を取得しません。
(1) 法令に基づく場合
(2) 人の生命、身体又は財産の保護のために必要がある場合であって、ご本人の同意を得ることが困難であるとき
(3) 公衆衛生の向上又は児童の健全な育成の推進のために特に必要がある場合であって、ご本人の同意を得ることが困難であるとき
(4) 国の機関若しくは地方公共団体又はその委託を受けた者が法令の定める事務を遂行することに対して協力する必要がある場合であって、ご本人の同意を得ることにより当該事務の遂行に支障を及ぼすおそれがあるとき
(5) 当該要配慮個人情報が、本人、国の機関、地方公共団体、個人情報の保護に関する法律第76条第1項各号に掲げる者その他個人情報保護委員会規則で定める者により公開されている場合
(6) その他前各号に掲げる場合に準ずるものとして政令で定める場合
3. 個人情報の利用目的の明示
当社は、あらかじめその利用目的を書面またはこれに代わる方法によりご本人に通知、または公表した上で、その目的の達成に必要な範囲において、個人情報を取得します。ただし、次の場合はこの限りではありません。
(1) 利用目的をご本人に通知し、または公表することによりご本人または第三者の生命、身体、財産その他の権利利益を害するおそれがある場合
(2) 利用目的をご本人に通知し、または公表することにより当社の権利または正当な利益を害するおそれがある場合
(3) 国の機関もしくは地方公共団体が法令の定める事務を遂行することに対して協力する必要がある場合であって、利用目的をご本人に通知し、または公表することにより当該事務の遂行に支障を及ぼすおそれがあるとき
(4) 取得の状況からみて利用目的が明らかであると認められる場合
4. 個人情報利用目的の特定
当社は、以下の利用目的の範囲内で個人情報を利用します。
(1) 当社の運営する各種サービスの提供、管理、利用料金の請求および利用報酬の支払い
(2) 当社の運営する各種サービスの開発、改善、調査及び不正利用対策その他のセキュリティ強化
※クレジットカード決済で3Dセキュアをご利用の場合、認証のためふるなび会員情報
        （氏名、メールアドレス、住所、電話番号等）や暗号化されたカード情報をカード発行
        会社に提供致します。カード発行会社が外国にある場合、上記の情報がカード発行
        会社の所属する国に移転されることがあります。
(3) 当社の運営する各種サービスの紹介及び提案（メールマガジン、その他の方法による各種サービスの紹介及び提案を含みます）
(4) 当社の運営する各種サービスそのものに個人情報が含まれる場合の当該サービスの提供に伴う当該個人情報の第三者への提供
5. 個人情報利用の制限
当社は、ご本人の同意を得ずに、利用目的の範囲を超えて個人情報を利用しません。当社は、合併その他の理由により個人情報を取得した場合にも、ご本人の同意を得ずに、承継前の利用目的を超えて個人情報を利用しません。ただし、次の場合はこの限りではありません。
(1) 法令に基づく場合
(2) 人の生命、身体または財産の保護のために必要がある場合であって、ご本人の同意を得ることが困難であるとき
(3) 公衆衛生の向上または児童の健全な育成の推進のために特に必要がある場合であって、ご本人の同意を得ることが困難であるとき
(4) 国の機関もしくは地方公共団体またはその委託を受けた者が法令の定める事務を遂行することに対して協力する必要がある場合であって、ご本人の同意を得ることにより当該事務の遂行に支障を及ぼすおそれがあるとき
6. 個人情報利用目的の変更
当社は、個人情報の利用目的を変更する場合には、変更前の利用目的と相当の関連性を有すると合理的に認められる範囲を超えては行わず、変更された利用目的について、書面またはこれに代わる方法によりご本人に通知し、または公表します。
7. 安全管理措置
当社は、個人情報について、不当なアクセスまたは紛失、破壊、改ざんおよび漏洩等の危険が存在することを深く認識し、合理的な安全対策を講じます。
8. 正確性の確保
当社は、利用目的に応じた必要な範囲において、個人情報を、正確かつ最新の状態とするよう適切な処置を講じるとともに、利用する必要性がなくなったときは、当該個人情報を遅滞なく消去するように努めます。
9. 委託先の監督
当社は、個人情報の取扱いの全部又は一部を委託する場合は、十分な個人情報の保護水準を有する者を選定し、個人情報の保護を担保するため、委託先と機密保持を含む契約を締結し、委託先において個人情報の安全管理が図られるよう、必要かつ適切な監督を行います。
10. 個人情報の共同利用
当社は、インターネット広告及び各種事業において総合的なサービスを一体となって効率よく提供するため、またサービスのセキュリティを強化するために、(3)の利用目的の達成に必要な範囲に限って、(2)に記載の会社との間で個人情報を共同利用いたします。共同利用の内容につきましては、以下のとおりです。
(1) 共同利用する個人情報の項目は、氏名、性別、生年月日、住所、電話番号、FAX番号、電子メールアドレス等個人に関する情報、契約に関する情報
(2) 共同利用会社は、当社子会社である株式会社サイバーコンサルタント及びオーテ株式会社とします。
(3)	共同利用者の利用目的は、①共同利用会社の運営する各種サービスの開発、改善、調査及び不正利用対策その他のセキュリティ強化、②共同利用会社の運営する各種サービスの紹介及び提案（メールマガジン、その他の方法による各種サービスの紹介及び提案を含みます）、③共同利用会社の運営する各種サービスそのものに個人情報が含まれる場合の当該サービスの提供に伴う当該個人情報の第三者への提供といたします。
(4) 共同利用の責任会社は、当社となります。
11. 個人情報に関する事項の公表等
(1) 当社は、個人情報の利用目的をご本人の知り得る状態に置きます。
(2) 当社は、ご本人から、個人情報の利用目的の通知を求められたときは、ご本人に対し、遅滞なく、これを通知します。ただし、次のいずれかに該当する場合は、この限りではありません。
a) 上記(1)の規定により個人情報の利用目的が明らかな場合
b) 利用目的をご本人に通知し、又は公表することによりご本人又は第三者の生命、身体、財産その他の権利利益を害するおそれがある場合
c) 利用目的をご本人に通知し、又は公表することにより当社の権利又は正当な利益を害するおそれがある場合
d) 国の機関若しくは地方公共団体が法令の定める事務を遂行することに対して協力する必要がある場合であって、利用目的をご本人に通知し、又は公表することにより当該事務の遂行に支障を及ぼすおそれがあるとき
(3) 当社は、上記(2)の規定に基づき求められた個人情報の利用目的を通知しない旨の決定をしたときは、ご本人に対し、遅滞なく、その旨を通知します。
12. 個人情報の開示
当社は、ご本人から、個人情報の開示を求められたときは、ご本人に対し、遅滞なく開示します。ただし、開示することにより次のいずれかに該当する場合は、その全部または一部を開示しないこともあり、開示しない決定をした場合には、その旨を遅滞なく通知します。
(1) ご本人または第三者の生命、身体、財産その他の権利利益を害するおそれがある場合
(2) 当社の業務の適正な実施に著しい支障を及ぼすおそれがある場合
(3) 個人情報の保護に関する法律以外の法令に違反することとなる場合
13. 個人情報の訂正
当社は、ご本人から、個人情報が真実でないという理由によって、当該個人情報の内容の訂正、追加または削除（以下「訂正等」といいます。）を求められた場合には、その内容の訂正等に関して個人情報の保護に関する法律以外の法令の規定により特別の手続きが定められている場合を除き、利用目的の達成に必要な範囲内において、遅滞なく必要な調査を行い、その結果に基づき、個人情報の内容の訂正等を行います。また、当社は、個人情報の内容の全部もしくは一部について訂正等を行ったとき、または訂正等を行わない旨の決定をしたときは、ご本人に対し、遅滞なく、その旨（訂正等を行ったときは、その内容を含む。）を通知します。
14. 個人情報の利用停止
(1)
        当社は、ご本人から、ご本人の個人情報が、本プライバシーポリシー第2条または第5条に違反して取り扱われているという理由によって、当該個人情報の利用の停止または消去（以下「利用停止等」といいます。）を求められた場合であって、その求めに理由があることが判明したときは、遅滞なく、個人情報の利用停止等を行います。ただし、当該個人情報の利用停止等に多額の費用を要する場合その他の利用停止等を行うことが困難な場合であって、ご本人の権利利益を保護するため必要なこれに代わるべき措置をとるときは、この限りではありません。
(2)
        当社は、ご本人から、ご本人の個人情報が本プライバシーポリシー第10条に違反して第三者に提供されているという理由によって、当該個人情報の第三者への提供の停止を求められた場合であって、その求めに理由があることが判明したときは、遅滞なく、当該個人情報の第三者への提供を停止します。ただし、当該個人情報の第三者への提供の停止に多額の費用を要する場合その他の第三者への提供を停止することが困難な場合であって、ご本人の権利利益を保護するため必要なこれに代わるべき措置をとるときは、この限りではありません。
(3)
        当社は、上記(1)の規定に基づき、個人情報の全部若しくは一部について利用停止等を行ったときもしくは利用停止等を行わない旨の決定をしたとき、または上記(2)の規定に基づき、個人情報の全部若しくは一部について第三者への提供を停止したときもしくは第三者への提供を停止しない旨の決定をしたときは、ご本人に対し、遅滞なく、その旨を通知します。
15. 理由の説明
当社は、本プライバシーポリシー第11条（2）、第12条、第13条および第14条（3）の規定により、ご本人から求められた措置の全部又は一部について、その措置をとらない旨を通知する場合又はその措置と異なる措置をとる旨を通知する場合は、ご本人に対し、その理由を説明するよう努めます。
16. クッキー情報について
当社は、当社の提供する各種サービスの運営にあたり、クッキー情報を取得して活用することがございます。当社によるクッキー情報の取得を無効にするには、下記、ウェブページから、オプトアウトを行ってください。 URL：
https://www.i-mobile.co.jp/optout.html
17. カスタムオーディエンスについて
当社では、Facebookが提供する「カスタムオーディエンス」及びGoogleが提供している「カスタマーマッチ」のサービスを使用しております。これらは、お客様よりお預かりしている氏名、メールアドレス、電話番号等の情報を暗号化したうえで、Facebook又はGoogleの保有するデータと照合した情報を活用することで、よりお客様に適した広告を配信するサービスです。照合するお客様の情報は暗号化されるため、FacebookやGoogleを含めた第三者がその内容を閲覧することはできません。 「カスタムオーディエンス」「カスタマーマッチ」での情報の利用の停止をご希望の場合は、お手数ですが、Facebook又はGoogleの広告設定より機能を停止してください。
18.他社広告在庫への配信について
当社にご入稿いただいた広告は、i-mobile Ad Network経由でGoogleの広告在庫に配信される場合がございます。
Googleのプライバシーポリシーについては下記のページをご確認ください。
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
19. 個人関連情報の取り扱いについて
(1)当社サイト外の広告をクリックして当社サイトを訪問しサービスをご利用される場合、広告の掲載者から送信されたクリック情報（広告掲載サイト名やクリックの日時・IPアドレス等）を広告の成果集計の目的のため必要な限度でお客様情報に紐づけさせていただく場合があります。
(2)当社サイトに掲載されている広告をクリックして他社サイトを訪問しサービスをご利用された場合、他社サイトから送信されたご利用情報（他社サイトのサービスのご利用金額やお申込み日時等）を広告の成果集計の目的のため必要な限度でお客様情報に紐づけさせていただく場合があります。
20. 利用者情報の外部送信について
当社はサービス提供にあたり外部の事業者のサービスを利用しており、その利用のために必要なサービス利用者様の情報を適切に管理の下で送信しています。当社が情報を送信している主要な外部の事業者のサービスは以下の通りであり、カード決済の提供、広告の配信、広告効果の計測、分析結果のレポート作成及び不正クリックへの対応を目的として、「行動履歴情報等の取扱方針」１（１）の一覧表に記載の情報及び以下に特に記載した情報を送信しています。
◆広告配信先
(1)Google
提供会社：Google LLC
オプトアウト：
こちらのページをご参照ください
(2)Yahoo
提供会社：LINEヤフー株式会社
オプトアウト：
こちらのページをご参照ください
(3)Microsoft
提供会社：日本マイクロソフト株式会社
オプトアウト：
こちらのページをご参照ください
(4)LINE
提供会社：LINEヤフー株式会社
オプトアウト：
こちらのページをご参照ください
(5)RTBHOUSE
提供会社：RTB House Japan株式会社
オプトアウト：
オプトアウトページ
(6)バリューコマース
提供会社：バリューコマース株式会社
オプトアウト：
オプトアウトページ
(7)アクセストレード
提供会社：インタースペース
オプトアウト：
こちらのページをご参照ください
(8)Facebook
提供会社：Meta Platforms, Inc.
オプトアウト：
こちらのページをご参照ください
(9)Instagram
提供会社：Meta Platforms, Inc.
オプトアウト：
こちらのページをご参照ください
(10)X(旧Twitter)
提供会社：X Corp.
オプトアウト：
こちらのページをご参照ください
(11)TikTok
提供会社：TikTok Pte.Ltd
オプトアウト：
こちらのページをご参照ください
(12)A8.net
提供会社：株式会社ファンコミュニケーションズ
オプトアウト：
こちらのページをご参照ください
(13)VALIS-CPX
提供会社：SMN株式会社
オプトアウト：
こちらのページをご参照ください
(14)Apple Search Ads
提供会社：Apple, Inc
オプトアウト：
こちらのページをご参照ください
◆分析・計測ツール
(1)Adjust
提供会社：Adjust GmbH.
オプトアウト：
こちらのページをご参照ください
(2)AppsFlyer
提供会社： AppsFlyer Ltd.
オプトアウト：
オプトアウトページ
(3)アドエビス
提供会社：株式会社イルグルム
オプトアウト：
オプトアウトページ
(4)Google Analytics
提供会社：Google LLC
オプトアウト：
オプトアウトページ
(5)ミエルカヒートマップ
提供会社：株式会社Faber Company
オプトアウト：
こちらのページをご参照ください
※分析のためアクセスログやサイト内行動データを送信します
(6)KARTE
提供会社：株式会社プレイド
オプトアウト：
オプトアウトページ
※分析のためアクセスログやサイト内行動データを送信します
(7)Salesforce Marketing Cloud
提供会社：株式会社セールスフォース・ジャパン
オプトアウト：
オプトアウトページ
(8)VWO
提供会社：Wingify
オプトアウト：
オプトアウトページ
◆クレジットカード決済
(1)決済サービス
提供会社：株式会社DGフィナンシャルテクノロジー
オプトアウト：
こちらのページをご参照ください
※クレジットカード決済実施のため、暗号化されたカード情報や寄附申込内容が送信されます
(2)決済不正検知サービス（O-PLUX）
提供会社：かっこ株式会社
オプトアウト：
こちらのページをご参照ください
※クレジットカード不正利用の防止のため、入力された寄附者情報や寄附申込内容、使用デバイスの情報が送信されます。
株式会社アイモバイル コーポレート本部
所在地：〒150-0002 東京都渋谷区渋谷三丁目26番20号 関電不動産渋谷ビル 8階
本プライバシーポリシーについてのお問い合わせ
URL：
https://www.i-mobile.co.jp/inquiry.html
※当社は、法令の改正や社会的規範の変化等によって、プライバシーポリシーの全部または一部を改定することがあります。重要な変更がある場合には、サイト上でお知らせします。
Sub-policy 2
https://nend.net/privacy/sdkpolicy:
スマートフォン（ iPhone・Androidなど）向けアドネットワークのnend（ネンド）
運営会社
プライバシーポリシー
ログイン
ご登録頂きましたログインID（メールアドレス）とパスワードをご入力ください。
ログインＩＤ（メールアドレス）
パスワード
パスワードをお忘れの場合
Copyright(c) FAN Communications, Inc. All Rights Reserved
Sub-policy 3
http://www.appbank.net/privacypolicy:
MENU
ニュース
iPhoneアプリ
スマホアクセサリ・ガジェット
ゲーム
YouTuber
Vtuber
STPR
カジュアルフード
アプリランキング
ホーム
サイトポリシー
サイトポリシー
[PR] 本ページでは一部にアフィリエイトリンクを利用しており、購入実績などに基づいて手数料を受領しています。
このサイトについて
AppBank（
https://www.appbank.net
、以下「本サイト」といいます）はAppBank株式会社（以下「当社」といいます）が運営しています。ご利用の際には、以下の各事項をご了承くださいますよう、お願い申し上げます。なお、当社は本サイトのサイトポリシーを変更することがあります。本サイトのご利用にあたっては、サイトポリシーをご覧ください。
個人情報の取り扱いについて
当社では、本サイトをご利用いただいている方（以下「利用者」といいます）の個人情報を、以下の目的で利用します。
当社が提供する各種サービス（以下単に「各種サービス」といいます）の登録・申込確認のため
各種サービス提供のため
各種サービスの内容変更又は廃止等のお知らせを行うため
当社及び当社の関係会社・業務提携先の商品・サービス・サポートの提案、販売又は提供のため
当社の各種キャンペーンの実施及び景品の発送のため
当社の主催又は共催するイベントの案内及び実施のため
当社の主催又は共催するイベントに申し込みをされた利用者へのご連絡のため
当社の主催又は共催するイベントと同種イベントの実施のため
当社のしぃさい若しくは共催するイベント又はこれらと同種のイベントに関する情報の提供のため
取材協力の依頼・謝礼等の提供のため
アンケート調査のため
アンケートを集計し、統計的な情報を作成し、当社の各種サービス・イベント等の向上を図るため
利用者からの問い合わせ等に円滑に対応するため
相手方からの問い合わせに対応するため
当社が明示した利用目的に同意いただいた上で取得した個人情報は、その明示した利用目的のため
その他、当社における個人情報の取り扱い等につきましては、当社ホームページに掲載の「プライバシーポリシー（個人情報保護方針）」（
https://www.appbank.co.jp/privacy/
）が適用されますので、あわせてご確認ください。
著作権について
本サイトに掲載されているコンテンツ（文章、図面、写真、各種データ等）の著作権は、当社または各コンテンツの著作権者が保有しています。本サイトのコンテンツは、法律に定めのある場合もしくは当社またはコンテンツの権利者の承諾がある場合を除き、複製・自動公衆送信・送信可能化・転載・転送・加工、その他これに類する行為の対象とすることはできませんので、ご注意ください。
本サイトに掲載されているコンテンツを、著作権法第32条に規定される範囲で引用する際には、引用元として本サイトの名称（「AppBank」）とURL（「
https://www.appbank.net
」など）を明記してください。
リンクについて
本サイトのトップページ、ならびに本サイト内の各コンテンツのトップページへのリンクは、自由に設定できます。当社の許諾等は必要ありません。ただし、本サイトにあるコンテンツのURLは、予告なく変更または削除することがあります。以前のURLの所在などについてはお答えできませんので、あらかじめご了承ください。
免責事項
当社は本サイトのコンテンツに関して、十分に検討・確認しておりますが、その正確性、完全性、連続性、確実性、安全性、有用性、特定の目的に対しての適合性などについて、保証するものではありません。コンテンツのご利用により、直接または間接であるかを問わず、万が一何らかの問題、損害・損失が発生した場合でも、当社は一切の責任を負いません。
履歴情報および特性情報について
当社が運営するWebサイト、スマートフォンアプリケーション、広告ネットワーク（AppBank Network）において、履歴情報及び特性情報を利用した匿名のトラフィックデータを収集しています。
1）履歴情報及び特性情報とは
履歴情報及び特性情報とは、ユーザーが閲覧したページや広告の履歴、検索キーワード、利用時間帯、ウェブサイト・スマートフォンアプリケーションの利用方法、利用環境（利用に際しての各種設定情報なども含む）、ユーザーのIPアドレス及びそれに割り当てられた組織名、第三者企業が発行する匿名ID・広告識別子、アプリ内ユニークID、位置情報、cookie情報などを指します。
2）履歴情報および特性情報の利用目的
当社は利用者の履歴情報及び特性情報を、以下の目的で利用します。
サイトの利用者数やトラフィックの調査のため
履歴情報及び特性情報に関する通知を表示させるため
プッシュ通知を適切に配信するため
広告ネットワークにおける不正クリック監視及び防止のため
広告ネットワークにおける関連性の高い広告を表示するため
当社と取引関係にある者（企業、個人を問わない）に提供するため。ただし、個人情報にあたらない履歴情報および特性情報に限る。
広告における利用者情報の取扱い及びその詳細については、「
広告配信及び利用者情報の取得に関するポリシー
」をご確認ください。
3）第三者が発行する cookie、匿名ID・広告識別子及びアプリ内ユニークID について
当社が広告の表示及びスマートフォンアプリケーション上、配信を委託している会社や当社サイト上で広告を表示している会社（広告主）など（以下「第三者企業」といいます）が、cookie、匿名ID・広告識別子及びアプリ内ユニークID を設定している場合があり、この場合には、これらの第三者企業が cookie、匿名ID・広告識別子及びアプリ内ユニークID の情報を取得します。なお、そのように設定された cookie、匿名ID・広告識別子及びアプリ内ユニークID は、当社に提供・開示されることはなく、当該第三者企業のプライバシーポリシーの元で管理されます。
当社サイト上で cookie を設定している主な第三者企業及びプライバシーポリシーは下記のとおりです。
LINE株式会社
株式会社JX通信社
スマートニュース株式会社
Alchemy Advertising DMCC
Amazon.com, Inc.
CRITEO株式会社
GMOアドマーケティング株式会社
GumGum Japan 株式会社
Index Exchange
Magnite, Inc.
popIn株式会社
PubMatic Inc.
SMN株式会社
Supership株式会社
Unruly Media 株式会社
グーグル合同会社
ヤフー株式会社
ユナイテッド株式会社
ログリー株式会社
株式会社AJA
株式会社fluct
株式会社FLUX
株式会社Speee
株式会社ジーニー
株式会社プラットフォーム・ワン
株式会社マイクロアド
デジタル・アドバタイジング・コンソーシアム株式会社（MarketOne）
デジタル・アドバタイジング・コンソーシアム株式会社（AudienceOne）
株式会社マクロミル
株式会社インティメート・マージャー
Teads Inc.
停止手段
利用者は、履歴情報及び特性情報の利用を拒否することができます。第三者企業が発行する cookie、匿名ID・広告識別子及びアプリ内ユニークID について、 cookie、匿名ID・広告識別子及びアプリ内ユニークID を無効にしたい場合の手続きについては、下記にご案内したページ等をご確認下さい。
第三者企業が発行する cookie・匿名ID・広告識別子及びアプリ内ユニークID の利用を無効にしたい場合の手続きについては下記ページをご確認ください。
LINE株式会社
株式会社JX通信社
スマートニュース株式会社
Alchemy Advertising DMCC
Amazon.com, Inc.
CRITEO株式会社
GMOアドマーケティング株式会社（GMO SSP）
GMOアドマーケティング株式会社（TAXEL）
GumGum Japan 株式会社
Index Exchange
Magnite, Inc.
popIn株式会社
PubMatic Inc.
SMN株式会社
Supership株式会社
Unruly Media 株式会社
グーグル合同会社（Googleアナリティクス）
グーグル合同会社（Google広告）
ヤフー株式会社
ユナイテッド株式会社
ログリー株式会社
株式会社AJA
株式会社fluct
株式会社FLUX
株式会社Speee
株式会社ジーニー
株式会社プラットフォーム・ワン
株式会社マイクロアド
デジタル・アドバタイジング・コンソーシアム株式会社（MarketOne）
デジタル・アドバタイジング・コンソーシアム株式会社（AudienceOne）
株式会社マクロミル
株式会社インティメート・マージャー
Teads Inc.
ID5サービスについて
当社はID5サービスを利用しています。ID5プラットフォームは、クッキー、ピクセル、タグ、モバイルSDK、および同様の技術を使用して、特定のウェブブラウザまたはデバイスに関連するデータを収集し、クライアントおよびその他の第三者からデータを取得します。これらの情報は、製品やサービスの提供、製品やサービスの開発および改善、研究開発の実施、ならびにプラットフォームおよびインターネット上での悪質な活動、偽のトラフィック、詐欺、不正、違法行為に対する調査、保護、抑止のために使用されます。
ID5は、クライアント、その第三者ベンダー、およびデータセンタープロバイダー、ホスティングプロバイダー、データ分析プロバイダー、不正防止、テクノロジー、セキュリティプロバイダーなどのベンダーとプラットフォームデータを共有します。
https://id5-sync.com/privacy/
準拠法および管轄裁判所
本規約の準拠法は日本法とします。また、本サイトに関する一切の紛争については、東京地方裁判所又は東京簡易裁判所を第一審及び調停の専属的合意管轄裁判所とします。
お問い合わせ
お問い合せは下記にてお受けしております。
privacy(at)appbank.net
改訂：2022年5月31日
AppBank株式会社
ランドセル商戦はじまる!!
今のランドセルって昔とどこが違う？　メーカーに聞いて分かった驚きの進化
小学生の通学カバンはランドセルとリュック、どっちがいい？　比較してみた結果は…
村方乃々佳こと“ののちゃん”が来年、小学生に。購入するランドセルを決めた意外な理由とは？
カテゴリー
カテゴリー
カテゴリーを選択
100円ショップ  (31)
iPadアプリ  (16,331)
ゲーム  (594)
無料アプリ  (883)
iPhoneの小技  (778)
iPhoneアプリ  (20,235)
エンターテインメント  (432)
カタログ  (16)
ゲーム  (13,347)
RPG  (428)
アクションゲーム  (82)
アドベンチャーゲーム  (25)
カジュアルゲーム  (24)
カードゲーム  (19)
クイズゲーム  (4)
ゲーム攻略  (5)
シミュレーションゲーム  (84)
シューティングゲーム  (52)
ストラテジーゲーム  (63)
スポーツゲーム  (13)
テーブルゲーム  (11)
パズルゲーム  (3,849)
レースゲーム  (3)
協力ゲーム  (3,516)
対戦ゲーム  (29)
恋愛ゲーム  (9)
育成ゲーム  (8)
脱出ゲーム  (19)
脳トレゲーム  (4)
音楽ゲーム  (22)
ショッピング  (562)
ファッション  (117)
フリマ アプリ  (8)
スポーツ  (26)
ソーシャルネットワーキング  (543)
Facebook  (2)
Instagram  (19)
LINE  (309)
Twitter  (28)
YouTube  (10)
ナビゲーション  (134)
ニュース  (157)
ビジネス  (44)
位置情報 アプリ  (8)
ファイナンス  (103)
フード/ドリンク  (149)
ブック  (234)
マンガ アプリ  (12)
ヘルスケア／フィットネス  (105)
ダイエット アプリ  (7)
ミュージック  (174)
音楽 アプリ  (31)
メディカル  (50)
ユーティリティ  (521)
キーボード アプリ  (6)
ライフスタイル  (303)
仕事効率化  (456)
写真／ビデオ  (420)
天気予報  (29)
教育  (178)
旅行  (56)
標準アプリ  (6)
無料アプリ  (14,750)
辞書  (89)
LINEスタンプ  (124)
STPR  (352)
Vtuberニュース  (752)
YouTuberニュース  (3,584)
ちいかわ  (53)
アニメ  (28)
アーケード  (16)
エンタメ  (2,112)
カジュアルフード  (3,736)
B級グルメ  (114)
グルメニュース  (946)
グルメ特集・まとめ  (159)
フードデリバリー  (39)
ラーメン  (27)
実食レビュー  (369)
キャリア  (78)
ゲーム  (4,175)
eSports  (8)
Steam(PCゲーム)  (40)
TCG  (525)
ゲームアプリ  (1,380)
FGO  (505)
PUBGモバイル  (15)
ウマ娘  (155)
ドラゴンクエストウォーク  (55)
ハリー・ポッター：魔法の覚醒  (3)
ポケポケ(Pokémon Trading Card Game Pocket)  (1)
ポケモンスリープ  (25)
コンシューマー  (2,254)
PlayStation  (14)
スプラトゥーン3  (157)
ニンテンドースイッチ  (86)
ニンテンドースイッチ2  (5)
フォートナイト  (3)
ポケモンSV  (835)
マインクラフト  (5)
モンスターハンターライズ：サンブレイク  (196)
原神  (92)
崩壊：スターレイル  (181)
コスプレ  (66)
ショート体験談  (12)
スポーツ  (823)
スマホアクセサリ・ガジェット  (3,269)
テクノロジー  (3,532)
アップル  (113)
アマゾン  (95)
サイエンス・イノベーション  (202)
ディズニー  (6)
ニュース  (11,900)
android  (174)
iPhoneアプリセール情報  (442)
アップルのうわさまとめ  (726)
ライフハック  (481)
全力プッシュ  (62)
動画  (84)
漫画  (6)
Palcy  (1)
魚釣り  (279)
アーカイブ
アーカイブ
月を選択
2025年3月
2025年2月
2025年1月
2024年12月
2024年11月
2024年10月
2024年9月
2024年8月
2024年7月
2024年6月
2024年5月
2024年4月
2024年3月
2024年2月
2024年1月
2023年12月
2023年11月
2023年10月
2023年9月
2023年8月
2023年7月
2023年6月
2023年5月
2023年4月
2023年3月
2023年2月
2023年1月
2022年12月
2022年11月
2022年10月
2022年9月
2022年8月
2022年7月
2022年6月
2022年5月
2022年4月
2022年3月
2022年2月
2022年1月
2021年12月
2021年11月
2021年10月
2021年9月
2021年8月
2021年7月
2021年6月
2021年5月
2021年4月
2021年3月
2021年2月
2021年1月
2020年12月
2020年11月
2020年10月
2020年9月
2020年8月
2020年7月
2020年6月
2020年5月
2020年4月
2020年3月
2020年2月
2020年1月
2019年12月
2019年11月
2019年10月
2019年9月
2019年8月
2019年7月
2019年6月
2019年5月
2019年4月
2019年3月
2019年2月
2019年1月
2018年12月
2018年11月
2018年10月
2018年9月
2018年8月
2018年7月
2018年6月
2018年5月
2018年4月
2018年3月
2018年2月
2018年1月
2017年12月
2017年11月
2017年10月
2017年9月
2017年8月
2017年7月
2017年6月
2017年5月
2017年4月
2017年3月
2017年2月
2017年1月
2016年12月
2016年11月
2016年10月
2016年9月
2016年8月
2016年7月
2016年6月
2016年5月
2016年4月
2016年3月
2016年2月
2016年1月
2015年12月
2015年11月
2015年10月
2015年9月
2015年8月
2015年7月
2015年6月
2015年5月
2015年4月
2015年3月
2015年2月
2015年1月
2014年12月
2014年11月
2014年10月
2014年9月
2014年8月
2014年7月
2014年6月
2014年5月
2014年4月
2014年3月
2014年2月
2014年1月
2013年12月
2013年11月
2013年10月
2013年9月
2013年8月
2013年7月
2013年6月
2013年5月
2013年4月
2013年3月
2013年2月
2013年1月
2012年12月
2012年11月
2012年10月
2012年9月
2012年8月
2012年7月
2012年6月
2012年5月
2012年4月
2012年3月
2012年2月
2012年1月
2011年12月
2011年11月
2011年10月
2011年9月
2011年8月
2011年7月
2011年6月
2011年5月
2011年4月
2011年3月
2011年2月
2011年1月
2010年12月
2010年11月
2010年10月
2010年9月
2010年8月
2010年7月
2010年6月
2010年5月
2010年4月
2010年3月
2010年2月
2010年1月
2009年12月
2009年11月
2009年10月
2009年9月
2009年8月
2009年7月
2009年6月
2009年5月
2009年4月
2009年3月
2009年2月
2009年1月
2008年12月
2008年11月
2008年10月
タグ
ABF
(3316)
Amazon
(532)
Apple
(519)
Fate/Grand Order
(508)
iPadアプリ
(1410)
iPadアプリ
(933)
iPhone
(4509)
iPhoneアプリ
(1145)
ipod touch
(2556)
Nintendo Switch
(1661)
VTuber
(740)
youtube
(500)
YouTuber
(3096)
おすすめ
(785)
どうぶつトレンドニュース
(748)
アプリ
(1561)
ガジェット
(1129)
クラウドファンディング
(535)
ゲーム
(979)
コンビニ
(764)
スポーツ
(850)
スポーツニュース
(818)
テクノロジー
(2511)
ニュース
(603)
パズドラ
(3820)
パズドラニュース
(595)
パズドラ攻略班日記
(726)
ホロライブ
(504)
ポケットモンスター
(930)
ポケットモンスター スカーレット・バイオレット
(842)
ポケモン
(1119)
ポケモンGO
(2581)
ポケモンSV
(870)
モンスターストライク
(3636)
モンスターストライク攻略
(520)
モンスト
(3200)
モンストキャラ評価
(723)
ライフハック
(420)
動物
(742)
家庭用ゲーム最新情報
(2104)
恋愛
(644)
恋愛記事まとめ
(542)
最新スマホゲーム情報
(1209)
無料
(499)
野球
(551)
人気記事
【モンスト】結局ここが1番ラク!!「禁忌深淵」周回おすすめはココ!!
【モンスト】ボーナスステージの経験値を最大効率でゲットする方法!!【ノマクエ/ノマダン】
Sleipnir Mobile の説明書ページ。「はじめてのSleipnir」から「使いこなし」まで解説
【ポケモンGO】イーブイ進化方法と名前･色違い一覧まとめ【春イベント2023】
【マクドナルド】冷めたナゲットを復活させる裏技やってみた! たった3分で揚げたての食感が蘇るぞ!!
【モンハン】双剣のぶっ壊れ装備紹介｜スキル狂化血氣覚醒型
【パズドラ】魔法石450個以上を手に入れよう！魔法石85個もらえるダンジョンまとめ！
【2023年最新】回転寿司チェーンの価格がややこしいので、まとめてみた【スシロー/くら寿司/かっぱ寿司/はま寿司】
【ポケモンSV】ぼっち民必見？通信進化ポケモンのソロ入手方法【スカーレットバイオレット】
【ポケモンSV】スカーレットバイオレットどっちが人気？あなたは多数派？アンケ結果発表！
閉じる
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
How can I change my choice?
What if I don't consent?
How does legitimate interest work?
Do I have to consent to everything?
You can choose how your personal data is used. Vendors want your permission to do the following:
TCF vendors
Store and/or access information on a device
Cookies, device or similar online identifiers (e.g. login-based identifiers, randomly assigned identifiers, network based identifiers) together with other information (e.g. browser type and information, language, screen size, supported technologies etc.) can be stored or read on your device to recognise it each time it connects to an app or to a website, for one or several of the purposes presented here.
View details
Consent (119 vendors)
Use limited data to select advertising
Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times an ad is presented to you).
View details
Consent (71 vendors)
Legitimate interest (31 vendors)
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Information about your activity on this service (such as forms you submit, content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (for example, information from your previous activity on this service and other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (that might include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present advertising that appears more relevant based on your possible interests by this and other entities.
View details
Consent (97 vendors)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on your advertising profiles, which can reflect your activity on this service or other websites or apps (like the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects.
View details
Consent (92 vendors)
Create profiles to personalise content
Information about your activity on this service (for instance, forms you submit, non-advertising content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (such as your previous activity on this service or other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (which might for example include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present content that appears more relevant based on your possible interests, such as by adapting the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find content that matches your interests.
View details
Consent (28 vendors)
Use profiles to select personalised content
Content presented to you on this service can be based on your content personalisation profiles, which can reflect your activity on this or other services (for instance, the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects. This can for example be used to adapt the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find (non-advertising) content that matches your interests.
View details
Consent (24 vendors)
Measure advertising performance
Information regarding which advertising is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine how well an advert has worked for you or other users and whether the goals of the advertising were reached. For instance, whether you saw an ad, whether you clicked on it, whether it led you to buy a product or visit a website, etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of advertising campaigns.
View details
Consent (77 vendors)
Legitimate interest (45 vendors)
Measure content performance
Information regarding which content is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine whether the (non-advertising) content e.g. reached its intended audience and matched your interests. For instance, whether you read an article, watch a video, listen to a podcast or look at a product description, how long you spent on this service and the web pages you visit etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of (non-advertising) content that is shown to you.
View details
Consent (33 vendors)
Legitimate interest (12 vendors)
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Reports can be generated based on the combination of data sets (like user profiles, statistics, market research, analytics data) regarding your interactions and those of other users with advertising or (non-advertising) content to identify common characteristics (for instance, to determine which target audiences are more receptive to an ad campaign or to certain contents).
View details
Consent (59 vendors)
Legitimate interest (23 vendors)
Develop and improve services
Information about your activity on this service, such as your interaction with ads or content, can be very helpful to improve products and services and to build new products and services based on user interactions, the type of audience, etc. This specific purpose does not include the development or improvement of user profiles and identifiers.
View details
Consent (68 vendors)
Legitimate interest (35 vendors)
Use limited data to select content
Content presented to you on this service can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type, or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times a video or an article is presented to you).
View details
Consent (13 vendors)
Legitimate interest (3 vendors)
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Your data can be used to monitor for and prevent unusual and possibly fraudulent activity (for example, regarding advertising, ad clicks by bots), and ensure systems and processes work properly and securely. It can also be used to correct any problems you, the publisher or the advertiser may encounter in the delivery of content and ads and in your interaction with them.
View details
Deliver and present advertising and content
Certain information (like an IP address or device capabilities) is used to ensure the technical compatibility of the content or advertising, and to facilitate the transmission of the content or ad to your device.
View details
Save and communicate privacy choices
The choices you make regarding the purposes and entities listed in this notice are saved and made available to those entities in the form of digital signals (such as a string of characters). This is necessary in order to enable both this service and those entities to respect such choices.
View details
Match and combine data from other data sources
Information about your activity on this service may be matched and combined with other information relating to you and originating from various sources (for instance your activity on a separate online service, your use of a loyalty card in-store, or your answers to a survey), in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
View details
Link different devices
In support of the purposes explained in this notice, your device might be considered as likely linked to other devices that belong to you or your household (for instance because you are logged in to the same service on both your phone and your computer, or because you may use the same Internet connection on both devices).
View details
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Your device might be distinguished from other devices based on information it automatically sends when accessing the Internet (for instance, the IP address of your Internet connection or the type of browser you are using) in support of the purposes exposed in this notice.
View details
Use precise geolocation data
With your acceptance, your precise location (within a radius of less than 500 metres) may be used in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
View details
Consent
How this consent management platform (CMP) works:
CMP privacy choices
Storage, duration, and usage details
The choices you make with this CMP regarding the purposes and entities will affect how personalized advertising is presented to you. We need to store these choices to respect them on future visits, and they are stored differently based on the type of site or app you're using:
For
sites
, your choices are saved in a cookie named “FCCDCF” for a maximum duration of 390 days.
For
apps
, your choices are saved in device storage prefixed by “IABTCF_”. Your choices will be invalidated after 390 days and overwritten once you make new privacy choices on this app.
For
accelerated mobile page (AMP) sites
, your choices are saved in local storage prefixed by “amp-store”. Your choices will be invalidated after 390 days and overwritten once you make new privacy choices on this site.
Vendor preferences
Vendors can use your data to provide services. Declining a vendor can stop them from using the data you shared.
TCF vendors
Exponential Interactive, Inc d/b/a VDX.tv
Cookie duration: 90 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Roq.ad GmbH
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
AdMaxim Limited
Cookie duration: 30 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Index Exchange Inc.
Cookie duration: 395 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Quantcast
Cookie duration: 1825 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
BeeswaxIO Corporation
Cookie duration: 395 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Sovrn, Inc.
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Adikteev
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
RTB House S.A.
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
The UK Trade Desk Ltd
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Nexxen Inc.
Cookie duration: 180 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Epsilon
Cookie duration: 1832 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Yahoo EMEA Limited
Cookie duration: 397 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
ADventori SAS
Cookie duration: 90 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Triple Lift, Inc.
Cookie duration: 90 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Xandr, Inc.
Cookie duration: 90 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
NEORY GmbH
Cookie duration: 90 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Nexxen Group LLC
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
NEURAL.ONE
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
ADITION (Virtual Minds GmbH)
Cookie duration: 90 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Active Agent (Virtual Minds GmbH)
Cookie duration: 90 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Taboola Europe Limited
Cookie duration: 366 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Equativ
Cookie duration: 396 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Adform A/S
Cookie duration: 3650 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Magnite, Inc.
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
RATEGAIN ADARA INC
Cookie duration: 730 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Sift Media, Inc
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Non-precise location data, Precise location data
more
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Rakuten Marketing LLC
Cookie duration: 730 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Lumen Research Limited
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data
more
View details
|
Privacy policy
Legitimate interest
Amazon Ad Server
Cookie duration: 396 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
OpenX
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Yieldlab (Virtual Minds GmbH)
Cookie duration: 90 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Roku Advertising Services
Cookie duration: 396 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Nano Interactive Group Ltd.
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: Device characteristics, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data
more
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Simplifi Holdings LLC
Cookie duration: 366 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device identifiers, Precise location data
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
PubMatic, Inc
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Comscore B.V.
Cookie duration: 720 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Flashtalking
Cookie duration: 730 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
PulsePoint, Inc.
Cookie duration: 1830 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Smaato, Inc.
Cookie duration: 21 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Semasio GmbH
Cookie duration: 366 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Crimtan Holdings Limited
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Genius Sports UK Limited
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Criteo SA
Cookie duration: 390 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Adloox SA
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Blis Global Limited
Cookie duration: 400 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Lotame Solutions, Inc
Cookie duration: 274 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
LiveRamp
Cookie duration: 3653 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
GroupM UK Limited
Cookie duration: 395 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
LoopMe Limited
Cookie duration: 90 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Dynata LLC
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Ask Locala
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Azira
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
DoubleVerify Inc.​
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
View details
|
Privacy policy
Legitimate interest
BIDSWITCH GmbH
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
IPONWEB GmbH
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
NextRoll, Inc.
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Teads France SAS
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Ströer SSP GmbH (SSP)
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
OS Data Solutions GmbH
Cookie duration: 90 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Permodo GmbH
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Platform161 B.V.
Cookie duration: 396 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Basis Global Technologies, Inc.
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
SMADEX, S.L.U.
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Bombora Inc.
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
EASYmedia GmbH
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Remerge GmbH
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
advanced store GmbH
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: Device identifiers
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Magnite CTV, Inc.
Cookie duration: 366 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Delta Projects AB
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
usemax advertisement (Emego GmbH)
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Users’ profiles
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
emetriq GmbH
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Publicis Media GmbH
Cookie duration: 1825 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
M.D. Primis Technologies Ltd.
Cookie duration: 25 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
OneTag Limited
Cookie duration: 396 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Cloud Technologies S.A.
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Smartology Limited
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Improve Digital
Cookie duration: 90 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Adobe Advertising Cloud
Cookie duration: 730 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Bannerflow AB
Cookie duration: 366 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
TabMo SAS
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Integral Ad Science (incorporating ADmantX)
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
View details
|
Privacy policy
Legitimate interest
Wizaly
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Weborama
Cookie duration: 393 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Jivox Corporation
Cookie duration: 30 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Sojern, Inc.
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Vistar Media EMEA BV
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: Non-precise location data
more
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
On Device Research Limited
Cookie duration: 30 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Rockabox Media Ltd
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data
more
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Legitimate interest
Exactag GmbH
Cookie duration: 180 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Celtra Inc.
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Precise location data
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
mainADV Srl
Cookie duration: 30 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Gemius SA
Cookie duration: 1825 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
The Kantar Group Limited
Cookie duration: 914 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Nielsen Media Research Ltd.
Cookie duration: 120 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Solocal SA
Cookie duration: 398 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Pixalate, Inc.
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data
more
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Numberly
Cookie duration: 180 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
AudienceProject A/S
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Demandbase, Inc.
Cookie duration: 730 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Effiliation / Effinity
Cookie duration: 30 (days).
Data collected and processed: Device characteristics
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Arrivalist Co.
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Non-precise location data
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Seenthis AB
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics
more
View details
|
Privacy policy
Commanders Act
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device identifiers
more
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
travel audience GmbH
Cookie duration: 397 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
HUMAN
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Non-precise location data
more
View details
|
Privacy policy
Legitimate interest
Blendee srl
Cookie duration: 366 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Innovid LLC
Cookie duration: 90 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Papirfly AS
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: Device characteristics
more
View details
|
Privacy policy
Legitimate interest
Neustar, Inc., a TransUnion company
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Verve Group Europe GmbH
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Otto GmbH & Co. KGaA
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Adobe Audience Manager, Adobe Experience Platform
Cookie duration: 180 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Localsensor B.V.
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Online Solution
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Relay42 Netherlands B.V.
Cookie duration: 730 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
GP One GmbH
Cookie duration: Uses session cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Liftoff Monetize and Vungle Exchange
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
The MediaGrid Inc.
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Reppublika Research & Analytics Austria GmbH
Cookie duration: 180 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Users’ profiles
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Cint AB
Cookie duration: 730 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Google Advertising Products
Cookie duration: 396 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
GfK GmbH
Cookie duration: 730 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
RevJet
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device identifiers, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Protected Media LTD
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data
more
View details
|
Privacy policy
Legitimate interest
Clinch Labs LTD
Cookie duration: 730 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Hearts and Science München GmbH
Cookie duration: 60 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Amazon Advertising
Cookie duration: 396 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Moloco, Inc.
Cookie duration: 730 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Non-precise location data
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Adtriba GmbH
Cookie duration: 730 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Ensighten
Cookie duration: 1825 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Legitimate interest
MetrixLab Nederland B.V.
Cookie duration: 730 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Hurra Communications GmbH
Cookie duration: 366 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Ad partners
Akamai
Privacy policy
Consent
Meta
Privacy policy
Consent
Aunica
Privacy policy
Consent
Booking.com
Privacy policy
Consent
C3 Metrics
Privacy policy
Consent
IBM
Privacy policy
Consent
eBay
Privacy policy
Consent
Evidon
Privacy policy
Consent
Adacado
Privacy policy
Consent
intelliAd
Privacy policy
Consent
Dstillery
Privacy policy
Consent
MediaMath
Privacy policy
Consent
ZMS
Privacy policy
Consent
Omnicom Media Group
Privacy policy
Consent
Resonate
Privacy policy
Consent
Smart
Privacy policy
Consent
Tradedoubler AB
Privacy policy
Consent
TrustArc
Privacy policy
Consent
TruEffect
Privacy policy
Consent
Travel Data Collective
Privacy policy
Consent
advolution.control
Privacy policy
Consent
LifeStreet
Privacy policy
Consent
Batch Media
Privacy policy
Consent
Vodafone GmbH
Privacy policy
Consent
Magnite
Privacy policy
Consent
Scenestealer
Privacy policy
Consent
Netquest
Privacy policy
Consent
Manage.com
Privacy policy
Consent
Cloudflare
Privacy policy
Consent
Salesforce DMP
Privacy policy
Consent
Netflix
Privacy policy
Consent
ebuilders
Privacy policy
Consent
AppLovin Corp.
Privacy policy
Consent
Fractional Media
Privacy policy
Consent
Rackspace
Privacy policy
Consent
MSI-ACI
Privacy policy
Consent
Admetrics
Privacy policy
Consent
Navegg
Privacy policy
Consent
Admedo
Privacy policy
Consent
Kochava
Privacy policy
Consent
Mobitrans
Privacy policy
Consent
ADEX
Privacy policy
Consent
Impact
Privacy policy
Consent
Spotad
Privacy policy
Consent
Aarki
Privacy policy
Consent
SFR
Privacy policy
Consent
Cablato
Privacy policy
Consent
Waystack
Privacy policy
Consent
TreSensa
Privacy policy
Consent
Adludio
Privacy policy
Consent
gskinner
Privacy policy
Consent
CUBED
Privacy policy
Consent
Optomaton
Privacy policy
Consent
Dentsu Aegis Network
Privacy policy
Consent
Digiseg
Privacy policy
Consent
Haensel AMS
Privacy policy
Consent
BDSK Handels GmbH & Co. KG
Privacy policy
Consent
Objective Partners
Privacy policy
Consent
Marketing Science Consulting Group, Inc.
Privacy policy
Consent
DENTSU
Privacy policy
Consent
Kobler
Privacy policy
Consent
Widespace
Privacy policy
Consent
Vimeo
Privacy policy
Consent
Oracle Data Cloud
Privacy policy
Consent
Close
Sub-policy 4
https://unity3d.com/jp/legal/privacy-policy:
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Hub
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
Unity Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”)
This Data Processing Addendum (this “DPA”) is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Unity Terms of Service. This agreement determines the rights and obligations of each party when processing personal information.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com.
Technical and Organisational Measures including Technical and Organisational Measure to ensure the Security of the Data
Technical and Organisational Measures (TOMs) are strategic safeguards designed to protect data security and ensure adherence to data protection regulations. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum.
Sub-Processors
Sub-processors are third-party companies that assist Unity by handling personal data on Unity's behalf. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum
.
GENERATIVE AI SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools
Sub-policy 5
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/:
Choose another country or region to see content specific to your location and shop online.
Ireland
Ireland
Other country or region
Continue
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Privacy
Local Nav Open Menu
Local Nav Close Menu
Overview
Features
Control
Labels
Transparency Report
Privacy Policy
English
Choose your preferred language
At Apple, we believe strongly in fundamental privacy rights — and that those fundamental rights should not differ depending on where you live in the world.
That’s why we treat any data that relates to an identified or identifiable individual or that is linked or linkable to them by Apple as “personal data,” no matter where the individual lives.
This means that data that directly identifies you — such as your name — is personal data, and also data that does not directly identify you, but that can reasonably be used to identify you — such as the serial number of your device — is personal data. Aggregated data is considered non‑personal data for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy covers how
Apple or an Apple-affiliated company
(collectively, “Apple”) handles personal data whether you interact with us on our websites, through Apple apps (such as Apple Music or Wallet), or in person (including by phone or when visiting an Apple Store). Apple may also link to third parties on our services or make third-party apps available for download in our App Store. Apple’s Privacy Policy does not apply to how third parties define personal data or how they use it. We encourage you to read their privacy policies and know your privacy rights before interacting with them.
At Apple, we respect your ability to know, access, correct, transfer, restrict the processing of, and delete your personal data. We have provided these rights to our global customer base and if you choose to exercise these privacy rights, you have the right not to be treated in a discriminatory way nor to receive a lesser degree of service from Apple. Where you are requested to consent to the processing of your personal data by Apple, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
To exercise your privacy rights and choices, including where a third-party service provider is acting on Apple’s behalf, visit the Apple Data and Privacy page at
privacy.apple.com
for Apple or
shazam.com/privacy
for Shazam.
To help protect the security of your personal data, you must sign in to your account and your identity will be verified. If you want to obtain a copy of personal data that is not currently available from
privacy.apple.com
, you can make a request at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the applicable regulator.
There may be situations where we cannot grant your request — for example, if you ask us to delete your transaction data and Apple is legally obligated to keep a record of that transaction to comply with law. We may also decline to grant a request where doing so would undermine our legitimate use of data for anti-fraud and security purposes, such as when you request deletion of an account that is being investigated for security concerns. Other reasons your privacy request may be denied are if it jeopardizes the privacy of others, is frivolous or vexatious, or would be extremely impractical or unreasonable.
If you live in California and you cannot access Apple’s Data and Privacy page,
you or your authorized agent can make a request at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
or by calling 1-800-275-2273.
For more information on exercising your rights, visit
support.apple.com/102283
.
At Apple, we believe that you can have great products and great privacy. This means that we strive to
collect only the personal data that we need
. The personal data Apple collects depends on how you interact with Apple. Descriptions of how Apple handles personal data for certain individual services are available at
apple.com/legal/privacy/data
.
When you create an Apple Account, apply for commercial credit, purchase and/or activate a product or device, download a software update, register for a class at an Apple Store, connect to our services, contact us (including by social media), participate in an online survey, or otherwise interact with Apple, we may collect a variety of information, including:
Account Information.
Your Apple Account and related account details, including email address, devices registered, account status, and age
Device Information.
Data from which your device could be identified, such as device serial number, or about your device, such as browser type
Contact Information
. Data such as name, email address, physical address, phone number, or other contact information
Payment Information. Data about your billing address and method of payment, such as bank details, credit, debit, or other payment card information
Transaction Information.
Data about purchases of Apple products and services or transactions facilitated by Apple, including purchases on Apple platforms
Fraud Prevention Information.
Data used to help identify and prevent fraud, including a device trust score
Usage Data.
Data about your activity on and use of our offerings, such as app launches within our services, including browsing history; search history; product interaction; crash data, performance and other diagnostic data; and other usage data
Location Information
. Precise location only to support services such as Find My or where you agree for region-specific services, and coarse location
Health Information.
Data relating to the health status of an individual, including data related to one’s physical or mental health or condition. Personal health data also includes data that can be used to make inferences about or detect the health status of an individual. If you participate in a study using an Apple Health Research Study app, the policy governing the privacy of your personal data is described in the
Apple Health Study Apps Privacy Policy
.
Fitness Information.
Details relating to your fitness and exercise information where you choose to share them
Financial Information.
Details including salary, income, and assets information where collected, and information related to Apple-branded financial offerings
Government ID Data.
In certain jurisdictions, we may ask for a government-issued ID in limited circumstances, including when setting up a wireless account and activating your device, for the purpose of extending commercial credit, managing reservations, or as required by law
Other Information You Provide to Us.
Details such as the content of your communications with Apple, including interactions with customer support and contacts through social media channels
You are not required to provide the personal data that we have requested. However, if you choose not to do so, in many cases we will not be able to provide you with our products or services or respond to requests you may have.
Apple may receive personal data about you from other
individuals
, from businesses or third parties acting
at your direction
, from our
partners
who work with us to provide our products and services and assist us in security and fraud prevention, and from other
lawful sources.
Individuals.
Apple may collect data about you from other individuals — for example, if that individual has sent you a product or gift card, invited you to participate in an Apple service or forum, or shared content with you.
At Your Direction.
You may direct other individuals or third parties to share data with Apple. For example, you may direct your mobile carrier to share data about your carrier account with Apple for account activation, or for your loyalty program to share information about your participation so that you can earn rewards for Apple purchases.
Apple Partners.
We may also validate the information you provide — for example, when creating an Apple Account, with a third party for security, and for fraud-prevention purposes.
To power features such as search and as a source for our foundational AI models, Apple uses Applebot, a web crawler, to crawl information that is publicly available on the internet. We have measures in place to reduce the amount of personal data we collect and make no attempt to connect data crawled to any individual Apple user, or to build profiles about individuals. Your private personal data is not used to train our foundational AI models. To exercise your right as an individual to opt out of processing, visit the
Apple Intelligence Privacy Inquiries form
. For more information about Applebot, visit
support.apple.com/120320
.
For research and development purposes, we may use datasets such as those that contain images, voices, or other data that could be associated with an identifiable person. When acquiring such datasets, we do so in accordance with applicable law, including law in the jurisdiction in which the dataset is hosted. When using such datasets for research and development, we do not attempt to reidentify individuals who may appear therein.
Apple uses personal data to power our services, to process your transactions, to communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also use personal data for other purposes with your consent.
Apple uses your personal data only when we have a valid legal basis to do so.
Depending on the circumstance, Apple may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfill a contract with you, protect your vital interests or those of other persons, or to comply with law. We may also process your personal data where we believe it is in our or others’ legitimate interests, taking into consideration your interests, rights, and expectations. More information is available in the product-specific information embedded in our products and features as described above. If you have questions about the legal basis, you can contact the Data Protection Officer at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
.
Power Our Services.
Apple collects personal data necessary to power our services, which may include personal data collected to improve our offerings, for internal purposes such as auditing or data analysis, or for troubleshooting. For example, if you would like to access a song through an Apple Music subscription, we collect data on what songs you play in order to provide you with the content requested and for royalty purposes.
Process Your Transactions.
To process transactions, Apple must collect data such as your name, purchase, and payment information.
Communicate with You.
To respond to communications, reach out to you about your transactions or account, market our products and services, provide other relevant information, or request information or feedback. From time to time, we may use your personal data to send important notices, such as communications about purchases and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. Because this information is important to your interaction with Apple, you may not opt out of receiving these important notices.
Security and Fraud Prevention.
To protect individuals, employees, and Apple and for loss prevention and to prevent fraud, including to protect individuals, employees, and Apple for the benefit of all our users, and prescreening or scanning uploaded content for potentially illegal content, including child sexual exploitation material.
Personal Data Used for Personalization.
If you choose to personalize your services or communications where such options are available, Apple will use information that we collect so that we can offer you those personalized services or communications. You can learn more about how relevant services use information to personalize your experience by reviewing the privacy information presented when you first use a service that asks to use your personal data. We make this information easy to find by presenting it with our Data & Privacy icon; it’s also available at all times on your Apple device and online at
apple.com/legal/privacy/data
.
Comply with Law.
To comply with applicable law — for example, to satisfy tax or reporting obligations, or to comply with a lawful governmental request.
Apple does not use algorithms or profiling to make any decision that would significantly affect you without the opportunity for human review. Apple also does not use or disclose sensitive personal data for any purposes that would require a user to exercise a right to limit processing according to California law.
Apple retains personal data only for so long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, including as described in this Privacy Policy or in our service-specific privacy notices, or as required by law. We will retain your personal data for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy and our service-specific privacy notices. When assessing retention periods, we first carefully examine whether it is necessary to retain the personal data collected and, if retention is required, work to retain the personal data for the shortest possible period permissible under law.
Apple may share personal data with
Apple-affiliated companies
,
service providers
who act on our behalf, our
partners
,
developers, and publishers
, or others
at your direction
. Further, Apple does not share personal data with third parties for their own marketing purposes.
Service Providers.
Apple may engage third parties to act as our service providers and perform certain tasks on our behalf, such as processing or storing data, including personal data, in connection with your use of our services and delivering products to customers. Apple service providers are obligated to handle personal data consistent with this Privacy Policy and according to our instructions. They cannot use the personal data we share for their own purposes and must delete or return the personal data once they’ve fulfilled our request.
Partners.
At times, Apple may partner with third parties to provide services or other offerings. For example, Apple financial offerings like Apple Card and Apple Cash are offered by Apple and our partners. Apple requires its partners to protect your personal data.
Developers and Publishers from Whom You Get a Subscription.
If you purchase a third-party subscription from the App Store or within Apple News, we create a Subscriber ID that is unique to you and the developer or publisher. The Subscriber ID may be used to provide reports to the developer or publisher, which include information about the subscription you purchased and your country of residence. If you cancel all of your subscriptions from a particular developer or publisher, the Subscriber ID will reset after 180 days if you do not resubscribe. This information is provided to developers or publishers so that they can understand the performance of their subscriptions.
Others.
Apple may share personal data with others at your direction or with your consent, such as when we share information with your carrier to activate your account. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary or appropriate. We may also disclose information about you where there is a lawful basis for doing so, if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or to protect our operations or users, or in the event of a reorganization, merger, or sale.
Apple does not sell your personal data including as “sale” is defined in Nevada and California. Apple also does not “share” your personal data as that term is defined in California.
At Apple, we believe that great privacy rests on great security. We use
administrative, technical, and physical safeguards
to protect your personal data, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the processing, and the threats posed. We are constantly working to improve on these safeguards to help keep your personal data secure. For more information, visit our
Apple Platform Security
guide.
Apple understands the importance of safeguarding the personal data of children, which we consider to be an
individual under the age of 13 or the equivalent age as specified by law in your jurisdiction
. That is why Apple has implemented additional processes and protections to help keep children’s personal data safe.
To access certain Apple services, a child must have a child Apple Account. A child Apple Account may be created by the
parent
or, in the case of a Managed Apple Account, by the
child’s educational institution
.
Parents.
To create a child account, parents must review the
Family Privacy Disclosure for Children
, which describes how Apple handles children’s personal data. If they agree, the parent must provide Apple with a verifiable parental consent.
Educational Institutions.
Educational institutions that participate in the Apple School Manager Program may also create Apple IDs for students, called “Managed Apple IDs.” These schools are required to agree to the
Managed Apple IDs for Students Disclosure
which is included as Exhibit A to the Apple School Manager Agreement.
If we learn that a child’s personal data was collected without appropriate authorization, it will be deleted as soon as possible.
To exercise privacy rights for your child’s information, visit the Apple Data and Privacy page at
privacy.apple.com
and sign in to their account.
Apple’s websites, online services, interactive applications, and advertisements may use
“cookies” and other technologies
such as web beacons.
These technologies help us to better understand user behavior including for security and fraud prevention purposes, tell us which parts of our websites people have visited, and facilitate and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches.
Communications Cookies.
These cookies are used to enable network traffic to and from Apple’s systems, including by helping us detect any errors.
Strictly Necessary Cookies.
These cookies are set as required to provide a specific feature or service that you have accessed or requested. For example, they allow us to display our websites in the proper format and language, to authenticate and verify your transactions, and to preserve the contents of your Bag when shopping online at
apple.com
.
Other Cookies.
These cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with our websites and online services, including by helping us to assess the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches. Apple also uses these cookies to remember choices you make while browsing, so we can provide you with a customized experience.
If you prefer that Apple not use cookies, we provide you with the means to disable their use. If you want to disable cookies and you’re using the Safari web browser, choose “Block all cookies” in Safari’s privacy settings. If you are using a different browser, check with your provider to find out how to disable cookies. Certain features of the Apple website may not be available if all cookies are disabled.
In addition to cookies, Apple uses other technologies that help us achieve similar objectives.
In some email messages Apple sends to you, we provide a “click-through URL” that links you to content on the Apple website. When you click one of these URLs, they pass through a separate server before arriving at the destination page on our website. We track this click-through to help us determine interest in particular topics and measure whether we are communicating with you effectively. If you prefer not to be tracked in this way, you should not click graphic or text links in email messages.
Apple generally treats data we collect using these cookies and similar technologies as non-personal data.
However, to the extent that Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or similar identifiers are considered personal data by local law, we also treat these identifiers as personal data in those regions. In addition, Apple sometimes combines non-personal data collected from these technologies with other personal data Apple holds. When we combine data in this way, we treat the combined data as personal data for purposes of this Privacy Policy.
Ads that are delivered by Apple’s advertising platform may appear on the App Store, Apple News, Stocks, and Apple TV app depending on your location. Apple’s advertising platform does not track you, meaning that it does not link user or device data collected from our apps with user or device data collected from third parties for targeted advertising or advertising measurement purposes, and does not share user or device data with data brokers.
If you do not want to receive ads targeted to your interests from Apple's advertising platform in those apps, you can choose to disable Personalized Ads, which will opt your Apple Account out of receiving such ads regardless of what device you are using. On your iOS, iPadOS, or visionOS device, you can disable Personalized Ads by going to Settings > Privacy & Security > Apple Advertising and tapping to turn off Personalized Ads. On your Mac, you can disable Personalized Ads by going to System Settings > Privacy & Security > Privacy > Advertising, then deselecting Personalized Ads. You may still see ads in the App Store, Apple News, or Stocks based on context like your search query or the channel you are reading. If you disable Allow Apps to Request to Track, third-party apps cannot request to use the Advertising Identifier, a non-personal identifier served by the operating system on your device, to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies.
For more information about Apple-delivered advertising and privacy, visit
apple.com/legal/privacy/data/ww/apple-advertising
.
Apple products and offerings connect you to the world. To make that possible,
your personal data may be transferred to or accessed by entities around the world,
including Apple-affiliated companies, to perform processing activities such as those described in this Privacy Policy in connection with your use of our products and services. Apple complies with laws on the transfer of personal data between countries to help ensure your data is protected, wherever it may be.
The Apple entity that controls your personal data may differ depending on where you live.
For example, Apple Store information is controlled by individual retail entities in each country and Apple Media Services-related personal data may be controlled by various Apple entities as reflected in the terms of service. If you do not reside in the U.S., your personal data may be processed by Apple Inc. and other Apple-affiliated companies on behalf of the Apple entity controlling personal data for your jurisdiction. For example, Imagery and associated data collected by Apple around the world to improve Apple Maps and to support our Look Around feature is transferred to Apple Inc. in California.
Personal data relating to individuals in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland is controlled by Apple Distribution International Limited in Ireland. Apple’s international transfer of personal data collected in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland is governed by
Standard Contractual Clauses
. If you have questions or would like a copy of Apple’s Standard Contractual Clauses, you can contact us at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
.
Personal data collected by
Apple or an Apple-affiliated company
worldwide is generally stored by Apple Inc. in the United States. Regardless of where your personal data is stored, Apple maintains the same high level of protection and safeguarding measures.
Apple’s privacy practices, as described in this Privacy Policy, comply with the Global Cross-Border Privacy Rules (CBPRs) System and the Global Privacy Recognition for Processors (PRP) System. For more information about the Global CBPR and PRP Systems, visit
Global CBPR Forum
. To view our certifications, visit
CBPR System Compliance Directory
. For more information about the scope of our participation, or to submit a privacy inquiry through
BBB National Programs
, our Accountability Agent, visit:
Cross-Border Privacy Rules Program
Privacy Recognition for Processors Program
Personal data relating to individuals in the People’s Republic of China may be processed by Apple in countries outside of the People’s Republic of China, such as Apple Inc. in the United States or Apple Distribution International Limited in the Republic of Ireland. Where this occurs, it will be done in compliance with local laws, including the Personal Information Protection Law. For the purposes of processing set out in this Privacy Policy, Apple may also transfer such personal data to third-party service providers, who may in turn store or transfer the data outside of the People’s Republic of China. For more information, visit
China Mainland Privacy Disclosures
.
To make sure your personal data is secure, we communicate our privacy and security guidelines to Apple employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company.
If you have questions about Apple’s Privacy Policy or privacy practices including where a third-party service provider is acting on our behalf, or you would like to contact our Data Protection Officer, you can contact us at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
or call the
Apple Support number
for your country or region.
You can also ask us questions about how to submit a privacy complaint and we will endeavor to help.
Apple takes your privacy questions seriously. A dedicated team reviews your inquiry to determine how best to respond to your question or concern, including those inquiries received in response to an access or download request. In most cases, all substantive contacts receive a response within seven days. In other cases, we may require additional information or let you know that we need more time to respond.
Where your complaint indicates an improvement could be made in our handling of privacy issues, we will take steps to make such an update at the next reasonable opportunity. In the event that a privacy issue has resulted in a negative impact on you or another person, we will take steps to address that with you or that other person.
You may at any time — including if you are not satisfied with Apple’s response — refer your complaint to the applicable regulator. If you ask us, we will endeavor to provide you with information about relevant complaint avenues which may be applicable to your circumstances.
When there is a material change to this Privacy Policy, we’ll post a notice on this website at least a week in advance of doing so and contact you directly about the change if we have your data on file.
View our CBPR certification
View our PRP certification