Terms of Use and Privacy Policy
View Privacy Policy
View Cookies Policy
Terms of Use
1. Introduction
2. Use of Content
3. Submissions
4. Licenses and Representations
5. Accounts
6. Public Forums and Communication
7. Rules of Conduct
8. Cooperation and Removal of Submissions
9. Content Accessible Through Links from Sites, Services, and Search Results
10. Disclaimers
11. Indemnification
12. Limitation of Liability
13. Jurisdictional and Venue Issues
14. Amendment
15. General Provisions
16. Claims of Copyright Infringement
17. Product Safety
1. Introduction
1. Introduction
2. Use of Content
3. Submissions
4. Licenses and Representations
5. Accounts
6. Public Forums and Communication
7. Rules of Conduct
8. Cooperation and Removal of Submissions
9. Content Accessible Through Links from Sites, Services, and Search Results
10. Disclaimers
11. Indemnification
12. Limitation of Liability
13. Jurisdictional and Venue Issues
14. Amendment
15. General Provisions
16. Claims of Copyright Infringement
17. Product Safety
CCA and B, LLC d/b/a The Lumistella Company (the "Company") welcomes you to its sites and services and truly appreciate your interest in knowing more about the Company's terms and policies. The Company, its affiliates and all entities and brands under its control such as The Elf on the Shelf®, Elf Pets®, Elf Mates®, et. al, including all trademarks owned or controlled by such entities, are collectively referred to herein as "we," "us" or "our".
These Terms of Use apply to the sites ("Sites") owned, operated, or controlled by us, including, but not limited to: elfontheshelf.com, ccaandb.com, santasnorthpole.com, lumistella.com and the services ("Services") including mobile applications published to Google Play and iTunes App Stores or other related internet-based technologies owned, maintained, or managed by us. Within this Terms of Use each "User" or collectively, "Users," is referred to herein as "you" or "your".
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING ANY OF OUR SITES OR SERVICES. By using our Sites or Services or by clicking a box that states that you accept or agree to these terms, you signify your agreement to these Terms of Use and Policies. If you do not agree to these terms of use, you should NOT use any of our Sites or Services.
Note that special terms may apply to some functions on certain Sites or Services (i.e. contest rules or other features or activities.) Such terms are posted in connection with the applicable feature or activity. Those terms are in addition to the present terms of use, and in the event of a conflict, those will prevail over these terms.
You acknowledge that these Terms of Use and policies, are supported by reasonable and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged by you. Therefore, you acknowledge that such consideration includes but is not necessarily limited to, your use of the Sites and Services and receipt of data, materials and information available at or through the Sites and Services, the possibility of our use or display of your Solicited Submissions (as defined below in Section 2, titled "SUBMISSIONS") and the possibility of the publicity and promotion from our use or display of your Solicited Submissions.
All information, materials, features, activities, functions and other content ("Content") contained on Sites and Services are our copyrighted property or the copyrighted property of our licensors or licensees. All trademarks, service marks, trade names, and trade dress are proprietary to us and/or our licensors or licensees. We may change the Sites and Services or delete Content or features at any time, in any way, for any or no reason at all
Except as we specifically agree in writing, no Content from any Sites or Services may be used, reproduced, transmitted, distributed or otherwise exploited in any way other than as part of the Sites or Services, except that where the Sites or Services are configured to enable the download of particular Content, you may download one copy of such Content to a single computer for your personal, noncommercial home use only, provided that you (a) keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices, (b) make no modifications to the Content, and (c) do not use the Content in a manner that suggests an association with any of our products, services or brands. Any business use, "re-mailing" or high-volume or automated use of the Sites and Services are prohibited.
In the event that we offer downloads of software on the Sites or Services, and you download such software, the software, including any files, images incorporated in or generated by the software, and data accompanying the software (collectively, the "Software") are licensed to you by us or third-party licensors for your personal, noncommercial home use only. We do not transfer title to the Software to you. You may not distribute or otherwise exploit the Software or decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble or otherwise reduce the Software to a human-readable form.
In these terms of use, "Submissions" means text, messages, ideas, concepts, pitches, suggestions, posts, stories, screenplays, treatments, formats, artwork, photographs, videos, audiovisual works, musical compositions (including lyrics), sound recordings, characterizations, drawings, user generated content, you and/or other persons' names, likenesses, voices, usernames, profiles, actions, appearances, performances and/or other biographical information or material, and other similar materials that you submit, post, upload, embed, attach, display, share, communicate or otherwise distribute (collectively, "Distribute") on or through the Sites or Services.
There are two types of submissions: Solicited Submissions and Unsolicited Submissions. "Solicited Submissions" means those submissions (a) that we expressly request or enable you to provide to us via any feature or activity on the Sites or Services for our review or display and possible specifically-defined consideration or compensation (e.g., prizes or other value in games, sweepstakes, contests and promotions); (collectively, "Consideration") and (b) that you Distribute on or through the Sites or Services for which you do not seek Consideration (e.g., in our Guest Services and in Public Forums (as defined below in Section 6, titled "PUBLIC FORUMS AND COMMUNICATION")). "Unsolicited Submissions" are any and all submissions that do not fall within subparagraphs (3a) or (3b) of this paragraph.
We do not accept or consider Unsolicited Submissions so please do not distribute Unsolicited Submissions on or through any Site and Service. We make no contract implied, or otherwise, with respect to Unsolicited Submissions, and it is our specific interest to avoid the possibility of future misunderstandings when projects developed by us or under our direction might seem to others to be similar to their own creative work. You agree that no confidential or fiduciary relationship is intended or created between you and us in any way, and that you have no expectation of any review, compensation or consideration of any type, other than which is stated herein.
Except as expressly stated in these terms of use, the provisions of these terms of use apply equally to Unsolicited Submissions and Solicited Submissions. Accordingly, we, our licensees, distributors, agents, representatives and other authorized users shall be entitled to exploit and disclose all Submissions, and we shall not be liable to you or to any person claiming through you for any exploitation or disclosure of any Submission.
Regarding your Submissions, you hereby grant us and our licensees, distributors, agents, representatives and other authorized users, a perpetual, non-exclusive, irrevocable, , uncompensated, royalty-free, sub-licensable and transferable (in whole or part) worldwide license under all copyrights, trademarks, patents, trade secrets, privacy and publicity rights and other intellectual property rights you own or control to use, reproduce, repurpose, transmit, display, exhibit, reuse, distribute, index, comment on, edit, modify (including removing lyrics and music from any Submission or substituting the lyrics and music in any Submission with music and lyrics selected by us), create derivative works based upon, perform and otherwise exploit such Submissions, in whole or in part, in all media formats and channels now known or hereafter devised (including on Sites and Services, on third party web sites, on our broadcast and cable networks and stations, on our broadband and wireless platforms, products and services, on physical media, and in theatrical release) for any and all purposes including entertainment, news, advertising, promotional, marketing, publicity, trade or commercial purposes, all without further notice to you, with or without attribution, and without the requirement of any permission from or payment to you or to any other person or entity (the "Submissions License").
By distributing a Submission, you represent and warrant that the Submission and your distribution thereof conform to the Rules of Conduct (set forth below in Section 7 titled "RULES OF CONDUCT") and other requirements of these terms of use and that you own or have the necessary rights, licenses, consents and permissions, without the need for any permission from or payment to any other person or entity, to exploit, and to authorize us to exploit, such Submission in all manners contemplated by these terms of use (including the Submissions License). These terms of use (including the Submissions License) do not limit any past or future grant of rights, consents, agreements, assignments and waivers you may have made or make with respect to Submissions.
To the extent that we solicit Submissions through features or activities on or through the Sites and Services (including games, sweepstakes, contests, promotions and Public Forums (defined below in Section 6, titled "PUBLIC FORUMS AND COMMUNICATION")) that require the use of our copyrighted works (in whole or in part), we hereby grant you a non-exclusive license to create a derivative work using our copyrighted works (in whole or in part) as required (but only as required, and only for the purpose of creating your Submissions); provided however, that such license shall be conditioned upon your assignment of all rights in the work you create to us. If such rights are not assigned to us, your license to create derivative works using our copyrighted works (in whole or in part) shall be null and void. You agree to the foregoing grant of rights, consents, agreements and assignments whether or not your Submissions are used by us.
You hereby appoint us as your agent with full power to enter into and execute any document and/or do any act we may consider appropriate to confirm the grant of rights, consents, agreements, assignments and waivers set forth in these terms of use.
To the extent any "moral rights," "ancillary rights," or similar rights in or to the Submissions exist and are not exclusively owned by us, you agree not to enforce any such rights as to us or our licensees, distributors, agents, representatives and other authorized users, and you shall procure the same agreement not to enforce from any others who may possess such rights.
Without limiting the scope of the Submissions License or any future grant of rights, consents, agreements, assignments, and waivers you may make with respect to Submissions, you hereby ratify any prior grant of rights, consents, agreements, assignments and waivers made by you with respect to Submissions submitted by you to us.
Some function on the Sites and Services permit or require you to create an account to participate or to secure additional materials. You agree to provide, maintain and update true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by our registration processes (the "Registration Data"). You shall not impersonate any person or entity or misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person or entity, including using another person's username, password or other account information, or another person's name, likeness, voice, image or photograph. You also agree to promptly notify us at
customercare@lumistella.com
of any unauthorized use of your username, password, other account information, or any other breach of security that you become aware of involving or relating to any Site or Service. In addition, you agree to exit from your account at the end of each session.
We may suspend or terminate your account and your ability to use any Site or Service or portion thereof for failure to comply with these terms of use or any special terms related to a particular service, for infringing copyright, or for any other reason whatsoever.
"Public Forum" means an area, site function or feature offered as part of any Site or Service that offers the opportunity for users to distribute Submissions for viewing by one or more Site or Service users, including a chat area, message board, instant messaging, mobile messaging, social community environment, profile page, conversation page, blog, chat-bot, and e-mail function.
You acknowledge that Public Forums and features offered therein are for public and not private communications, and you have no expectation of privacy with regard to any Submission to a Public Forum. We cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose through any of these media; you make such disclosures at your own risk.
You are and shall remain solely responsible for the Submissions you distribute on or through any Site or Service under your username or otherwise by you in any Public Forum and for the consequences of submitting and posting same. We have no duty to monitor any Public Forum.
Also, you should be skeptical about information provided by others, and you acknowledge that the use of any Submission posted in any Public Forum is at your own risk. For example, we are not responsible for, and we do not endorse, the opinions, advice, or recommendations posted or sent by users in any Public Forum, and we specifically disclaim any and all liability in connection therewith.
We owe you no obligation and, therefore, may refuse to post, deliver, remove, modify, or otherwise use or take any action with respect to Submissions you distribute.
The following Rules of Conduct apply to our Sites and Services. By using the Sites and Services, you agree that you will not distribute any Submission that:
is defamatory, abusive, harassing, threatening, or an invasion of a right of privacy of another person;
is bigoted, hateful, racially or otherwise offensive;
is violent, vulgar, obscene, pornographic or otherwise sexually explicit;
otherwise harms or can reasonably be expected to harm any person or entity;
is illegal or encourages or advocates illegal activity or the discussion of illegal activities with the intent to commit them, including a Submission that is, or represents an attempt to engage in, child pornography, stalking, sexual assault, fraud, trafficking in obscene or stolen material, drug dealing and/or drug abuse, harassment, theft, or conspiracy to commit any criminal activity;
infringes or violates any right of a third party including: (a) copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary or contractual rights; (b) right of privacy (specifically, you must not distribute another person's personal information of any kind without their express permission) or publicity; or (c) any confidentiality obligation;
is commercial, business-related or advertises or offers to sell any products, services or otherwise (whether or not for profit), or solicits others (including solicitations for contributions or donations);
contains a virus or other harmful component, or otherwise tampers with, impairs or damages the Sites and Services or any connected network, or otherwise interferes with any person or entity's use or enjoyment of the Sites and Services;
does not generally pertain to the designated topic or theme of the relevant Public Forum;
violates any specific restrictions applicable to a Public Forum, including its age restrictions and procedures; or is antisocial, disruptive, or destructive, including "flaming," "spamming," "flooding," "trolling," and "griefing" as those terms are commonly understood and used on the Internet.
We cannot and do not assure that other users are or will be complying with the foregoing Rules of Conduct or any other provisions of these terms of use, and, as between you and us, you hereby assume all risk of harm or injury resulting from any such lack of compliance.
We reserve the right, but disclaim any obligation or responsibility, to (a) refuse to post or communicate or remove any Submission from any Site or Service that violates these terms of use (including the Rules of Conduct) and (b) identify any user to third parties, and/or disclose to third parties any Submission or personally identifiable information, when we believe in good faith that such identification or disclosure will either (i) facilitate compliance with laws, including, for example, compliance with a court order or subpoena, or (ii) help to enforce these terms of use (including the Rules of Conduct) and/or our contest, sweepstakes, promotions, and game rules, and/or protect the safety or security of any person or property, including any Site or Service. Moreover, we retain all rights to remove Submissions at any time for any reason or no reason whatsoever.
You should be aware that when you are on an Site or Service, there are links to other sites that take you outside of our service to sites that are beyond our control, such as banner advertisements and links from advertisers, sponsors and content partners that may use our logo(s) as part of a co-branding relationship. You acknowledge that when you click on any of the aforementioned links, the sites you are taken to are not controlled by us; different terms of use and privacy policy may apply, and we are not responsible for such sites. We do not endorse and cannot ensure that you will be satisfied with any products or services that you purchase from a third-party site that links to or from any Site or Service or third-party Content contained on our sites. We strongly encourage you to make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any online or offline transaction with any third parties. We cannot be held responsible for the accuracy, relevance, legality or decency of material contained on sites retrieved in searches and/or listed in search results or identified on search results pages.
THE CONTENT ON OR OTHERWISE RELATED IN ANY WAY TO SITES AND SERVICES OR ANY THIRD-PARTY SITES OR SERVICES LINKED TO OR FROM ANY SITE OR SERVICE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, AVAILABILITY, SECURITY, COMPATABILITY AND NONINFRINGEMENT. WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT ANY CONTENT WILL BE ERROR-FREE, THAT ACCESS THERETO WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT ANY SITE OR SERVICE OR THE SERVERS THAT MAKE SUCH CONTENT AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. MOREOVER, YOU ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. WE DO NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF ANY CONTENT. YOU HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVE ANY CLAIM AGAINST US WITH RESPECT TO CONTENT AND ANY CONTENT YOU PROVIDE TO THIRD PARTY SITES (INCLUDING CREDIT CARD AND OTHER PERSONAL INFORMATION).
Sites and Services may contain the opinions and views of other users. Given the interactive nature of these sites, we cannot endorse, guarantee, or be responsible for the accuracy, efficacy, or veracity of any content generated by our users.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your username(s), password(s), and your account(s), as well as all activities that occur under your account(s). You hereby agree to indemnify, defend, and hold us, our licensors, licensees, distributors, agents, representatives and other authorized users, and each of the foregoing entities' respective resellers, distributors, service providers and suppliers, and all of the foregoing entities' respective officers, directors, owners, employees, agents, representatives and assigns (collectively, the "Indemnified Parties") harmless from and against any and all losses, damages, liabilities and costs (including settlement costs and any legal or other fees and expenses for investigating or defending any actions or threatened actions) incurred by the Indemnified Parties in connection with any claim arising out of any breach by you of these terms of use or claims arising from your use of the Sites and Services and/or your account(s). You shall use your best efforts to cooperate with us in the defense of any claim. We reserve the right, at our own expense, to employ separate counsel and assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you.
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE, SHALL WE, OUR LICENSORS OR LICENSEES, OR ANY OF THE FOREGOING ENTITIES' RESPECTIVE RESELLERS, DISTRIBUTORS, SERVICE PROVIDERS OR SUPPLIERS, BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, PERSONAL INJURY (INCLUDING DEATH) AND PROPERTY DAMAGE OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, THAT RESULT FROM (A) THE USE OF, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, ANY SITE OR SERVICE OR CONTENT, OR (B) THE CONDUCT OR ACTIONS, WHETHER ONLINE OR OFFLINE, OF ANY USER OF AN SITE OR SERVICE OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT SHALL OUR TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES AND CAUSES OF ACTION WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, EXCEED THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU, IF ANY, OR $100 (WHICHEVER IS LESS) FOR ACCESSING OR PARTICIPATING IN ANY ACTIVITY RELATED TO ANY SITE OR SERVICE. MOREOVER, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL WE, OUR LICENSORS OR LICENSEES, OR ANY OF THE FOREGOING ENTITIES' RESPECTIVE RESELLERS, DISTRIBUTORS, SERVICE PROVIDERS OR SUPPLIERS, BE HELD LIABLE FOR ANY DELAY OR FAILURE IN PERFORMANCE RESULTING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY FROM AN ACT OF FORCE MAJEURE OR CAUSES BEYOND OUR OR THEIR REASONABLE CONTROL. WE MAY TERMINATE YOUR FURTHER ACCESS TO SITES AND SERVICES OR CHANGE THE SITES AND SERVICES OR DELETE CONTENT OR FEATURES IN ANY WAY, AT ANY TIME AND FOR ANY REASON OR NO REASON AT ALL. THE LIMITATIONS, EXCLUSIONS AND DISCLAIMERS IN THIS SECTION AND ELSEWHERE IN THESE TERMS OF USE APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
You agree that any action at law or in equity arising out of or relating to these terms of use or the Sites and Services shall be filed, and that venue properly lies, only in state or federal courts in Fulton County, Georgia, and you hereby consent and submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purposes of litigating any such action. We make no representation that Content on any Site or Service is appropriate or available for use in any particular location. Those who choose to access a Site or Service do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with all applicable laws including any applicable local laws.
At any time, we may amend these terms of use (including by modification, deletion and/or addition of any portion thereof). You are responsible for reviewing these terms of use and understanding their content, as well as any amendments thereto.
These terms of use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Georgia and the laws of the United States, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law. If any provision of these terms of use shall be unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these terms of use and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. No waiver of any provision of these terms of use by us shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such provision or any other provision, and our failure to assert any right or provision under these terms of use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. In these terms of use, the word "including" is used illustratively, as if followed by the words "but not limited to." YOU AGREE THAT ANY CAUSE OF ACTION YOU MAY HAVE ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THESE TERMS OF USE OR ANY SITE OR SERVICE MUST COMMENCE WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES; OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION SHALL BE PERMANENTLY BARRED.
Supply of goods, services and software through Sites and Services is subject to United States export control and economic sanctions requirements. By acquiring any such items through Sites and Services, you represent and warrant that your acquisition comports with and your use of the item will comport with those requirements. Without limiting the foregoing, you may not acquire goods, services or software through Sites and Services if: (1) you are in, under the control of, or a national or resident of Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan or Syria or if you are on the U.S. Treasury Department's Specially Designated Nationals List or the U.S. Commerce Department's Denied Persons List, Unverified List or Entity List ; or (2) you intend to supply the acquired goods, services or software to Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan or Syria (or a national or resident of one of these countries) or to a person on the Specially Designated Nationals List, Denied Persons List, Unverified List or Entity List.
It is our policy to respond to clear notices of alleged copyright infringement that comply with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act. In addition, we will promptly terminate without notice the accounts of those determined by us to be "repeat infringers." If you are a copyright owner or an agent thereof, and you believe that any Content hosted on any Site or Service infringes your copyrights, then you may submit a notification pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") by providing our Designated Copyright Agent with the following information in writing (please consult your legal counsel or See 17 U.S.C. Section 512(c)(3) to confirm these requirements):
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works on the Site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that website.
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material. Providing URLs in the body of an email is the best way to help us locate content quickly.
Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted.
A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Please note that under Section 512(f) of the DMCA, any person who knowingly materially misrepresents that material or activity is infringing may be subject to liability.
You may submit your Notification of Alleged Copyright Infringement by sending it to our Designated Agent by mail or e-mail as set forth below.
The Company's Designated Copyright Agent to receive notifications of claimed infringement can be reached as follows:
Attention:
The Lumistella Company
Designated Copyright Agent c/o Brand Protection
3350 Riverwood Parkway, Ste 300, Atlanta, GA 30339
Email:
ip-admin@ccaandb.com
For clarity, only DMCA notices should go to the Company's Designated Copyright Agent. Any other feedback, comments, requests for technical support or other communications should be directed to Customer Care at
customercare@lumistella.com
.
You acknowledge that if you fail to comply with all the requirements of this section, your DMCA notice may not be valid.
The Company takes product safety very seriously, and we recognize the great responsibility we have to provide you with products that are of the highest standards. Our products are manufactured to meet or exceed all applicable ASTM (American Society for Testing and Materials), EN71 (European standards), Canadian Toy Safety, and ISO Toy Safety standards, as well as any specific standards applicable where our products are intended to be distributed and sold. For quality assurance, we use independent laboratories to perform our testing evaluations.
11/27/2024, 5:55:50 PM
View Terms of Use
View Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
INTRODUCTION
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR PRIVACY
HOW WE PROTECT CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
DATA RIGHTS REQUESTS, COMMENTS, OR QUESTIONS
INTRODUCTION
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR PRIVACY
HOW WE PROTECT CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
DATA RIGHTS REQUESTS, COMMENTS, OR QUESTIONS
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) is designed to help you understand how CCA and B, LLC d/b/a The Lumistella Company, its subsidiaries, and affiliated companies (collectively, the “Company,” “we," "us," or "our"), collect, use, and share your personal information when you visit our websites and use our mobile applications (collectively, the “Sites and Services”). Your use of our Sites and Services and input of your personal information constitute consent. This Policy will explain how our use of your personal information will be in accordance with this Policy and what your choices are regarding the use or correction of your personal information. We encourage you to refer to this Policy on an ongoing basis to stay up to date on our current privacy practices, which may change from time to time to remain compliant with relevant privacy regulations. The date that this Policy was last changed is noted above.
We may change this Policy from time to time, so please be sure to check regularly. If we make a material change to this Policy, we will notify you as required by email, posting a notice on our Sites and Services where our Policy is available, or via other effective means of communication available to us at the time we need to provide such notification.
WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Contact information you provide to us when you opt-in or consent to receive emails, SMS messages, and other communications from us.
Analytics information when you visit our sites or use our applications, including usage, viewing, and technical data when you visit our sites, use our applications on third-party sites or platforms, or open emails we send. This information is collected anonymously.
Transaction information when you make a purchase on Santa's Store, including billing, shipping, payment, and product selection data.
HOW WE COLLECT YOUR INFORMATION
We collect information you provide to us when you request products, services, or information from us, register with us, participate in public forums or other activities on our sites and applications, respond to customer surveys, or otherwise interact with us.
Please remember that when you provide information to us on a third-party site or platform (for example, via our applications), the information you provide may be separately collected by the third-party site or platform. This Privacy Policy covers the information we collect.  The information a third-party site or platform collects is subject to the third-party site or platform's privacy practices. Privacy choices you have made on the third-party site or platform will not apply to our use of the information we have collected directly through our applications.
We collect information through technology, such as cookies, Flash cookies, tags, Web beacons, pixels, and JavaScript (alone or in conjunction with cookies) when you visit our sites and applications or use our applications on third-party sites or platforms. Please see our
Cookie Policy
for more information.
HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
We will not share your personal information outside of our affiliated or third-party companies except in limited circumstances, including:
When you allow us to share your personal information with another company, such as:
Electing to share your personal information with carefully selected companies so they can send you offers and promotions about their products and services (but only with specific consent).
Directing us to share your personal information with third-party sites or platforms, such as social networking sites
.
(Please keep in mind that once we share your personal information with another company, the information received by the other company becomes subject to the other company's privacy practices.)
When third-party companies perform services on our behalf, including but not limited to email delivery, package delivery, and customer service, or when third-party companies provide products or services to us and your personal information is necessary for the performance of such services or products however, these companies are prohibited from using your personal information for purposes other than those requested by us, required for the services or products provided or required by law.
When we engage in partnerships with other brands, we may temporarily offer the ability to run re-targeting campaigns.
When we share personal information with third parties in connection with the sale of a business, to enforce our Terms of Use or rules, to provide the Sites and Services to you, to ensure the safety and security of our guests and third parties, to protect our rights and property and the rights and property of our guests and third parties, to comply with legal process
,
or in other cases that disclosure is required by law.
Content you create and share with us (user-generated content).
The following is a comprehensive list of the third-parties we use on our general audience properties to provide you with the functionality required to utilize our Sites and Services fully.  Please remember that the third-parties we use may change from time to time depending on the functionality of our sites, apps, and/or services.  We will do our best to maintain this list as accurately as possible:
AWS (Amazon Web Services)
: Provides cloud infrastructure for our Sites and Services.
AWS Privacy Policy
Attentive
: Manages SMS marketing with your explicit consent.
Attentive Privacy Policy
BazaarVoice
: Collects and syndicates product reviews.
BazaarVoice Privacy Policy
Crashlytics
: Tracks application performance and issues.
Crashlytics Privacy Policy
Facebook (Meta)
: Enables social sharing and ad tracking.
Facebook Privacy Policy
Firebase
: Monitors performance and usage of our mobile applications.
Firebase Privacy Policy
Google Analytics
: Helps us understand your use of our Sites and Services using anonymized data.
Google Privacy Policy
Google Tag Manager
: Manages event tracking for Google Analytics.
Google Privacy Policy
Handwrytten
: Fulfills ElftastiGram product orders.
Handwrytten Privacy Policy
Instagram (Meta)
: Enables social sharing and ad tracking.
Instagram Privacy Policy
LinkedIn
: Enables social sharing and ad tracking.
LinkedIn Privacy Policy
MailChimp
: Manages email marketing and transactional communications.
Mailchimp Privacy Policy
OneTrust (CookiePro)
: Manages cookie consent.
OneTrust Privacy Policy
Pinterest
: Enables social sharing and ad tracking.
Pinterest Privacy Policy
Shopify
: Powers the e-commerce platform for purchasing and order tracking.
Shopify Privacy Policy
Sprout Social
: Monitors and manages social media interactions.
Sprout Social Privacy Policy
TikTok
: Enables social sharing and ad tracking.
TikTok Privacy Policy
X (Formerly Twitter)
: Enables social sharing and ad tracking.
X Privacy Policy
Zendesk
: Provides customer support.
Zendesk Privacy Policy
YOUR CONTROLS AND CHOICES
We allow you to exercise controls and choices regarding our collection, use, and sharing of your information. By local law, your controls and choices may include:
You may change your subscriptions, newsletters, and alerts choices.
You may choose whether to receive offers and promotions from us for our products and services or products and services that may interest you.
You may choose whether we share your personal information with other companies so they can send you offers and promotions about their products and services.
You may request access to the personal information we collect about you and that we amend or delete it.
DATA SECURITY AND INTEGRITY
Your information's security, integrity, and confidentiality are
extremely important to us. We have implemented technical, administrative, and physical security measures to protect guest information from unauthorized access, disclosure, use, and modification. From time to time, we review our security procedures to consider appropriate new technology and methods. Please be aware that, despite our best efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable.
DATA TRANSFERS, STORAGE AND PROCESSING
Wherever your personal information is transferred, stored, or processed by us, we will take reasonable steps to safeguard its privacy. To the extent required by law, the Company will provide you with reasonable access to the personal information collected through our websites or apps.
When we collect your information, we keep it for as long as necessary to provide our services, conduct business with you and other third parties, comply with the purposes outlined in our privacy policy, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce any agreements. You can, at any time, change your preferences by opting in or out of preferences or services in the same way you first gave consent.  You can request access to your data, have any inaccuracies rectified, or request the erasure of your personal information by contacting the company using the information provided below.  Your data will always be kept confidential and secure in harmony with applicable privacy laws and managed per the consent you have provided to us and this Privacy Policy.
STATE-SPECIFIC PRIVACY CONSIDERATIONS
California
Under CCPA (California Consumer Privacy Act. 2018), California residents have the right to know the categories and pieces of information we have collected, disclosed, or used in the past twelve months  and may have the following rights:
Access
.
You may have the right to access:
Specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you,
Categories of personal information we have collected about you,
The business or commercial purpose for collecting your personal information,
Categories of third parties with whom we share your personal information,
The sources from which that information was collected,
Non-discrimination.
You will not be discriminated against because of the exercise of any of your California privacy rights.
Verification.
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access or deletion, we may require you to verify your identity before you can submit a rights request. We may ask you to provide additional personal information only for verification purposes. If we cannot confirm your identity, we may refuse your request.
Right to Know.
You have the right to know the categories of personal information, categories of sources, and/or categories of third-parties related to the processing of your personal information.
Request a copy of your personal information.
You may request a copy of your personal information.
Correct your personal information.
You can request that we edit or correct your personal information anytime.
Deletion.
Under certain circumstances, you may have the right to request that we delete the personal information you have provided.
Limit information sharing.
You have the right to limit the sharing of your information with affiliates and third-parties for marketing purposes.
Use authorized agents.
You may authorize an agent to submit a rights request. If you do so, the authorized agent must show a signed written authorization to act on your behalf, and you will also be required to independently verify your identity directly with us and confirm with us that you provided the authorized agent permission to submit the rights request. This verification process is unnecessary if your authorized agent includes documentation that the authorized agent has power of attorney to act on your behalf.
Please note that we may claim legal exemptions for certain types of personal information from all or certain parts of the CCPA under various exemptions in this regulation.
Nevada
Nevada privacy law requires website operators to provide a way for Nevada consumers to opt-out of the sale of certain information that the website operator may collect about them. We do not sell your personal information to third-parties and will not begin to do so without providing you with notice and an opportunity to opt-out of such sale as required by law.
Vermont
The Lumistella Company will not share your non-public personal information with unauthorized third-parties unless you approve us to do so, except as permitted by Vermont privacy law.
Virginia
Under Virginia’s Consumer Data Protection Act (“CDPA”), Virginia residents have certain rights regarding the collection, use, and sharing of their personal data. We do not sell your personal data and will not do so without providing you with notice and an opportunity to opt-out of such sale as required by law. Similarly, we do not use profiling to support decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects. We do not engage in “targeted advertising” as defined by CDPA.
Although we currently do not engage in targeted advertising as defined by CDPA, if we decide to implement such a practice, you will have the right to opt-out of targeted advertising collected in various categories of personal data when you use our sites, including identifiers, commercial information, internet or other electronic network or device activity information, geolocation data, and professional information.
The types of information we collect and how we use it are provided above in this privacy policy, which includes the types of information we collect and how we collect it or share personal information with third parties. If you are a resident of Virginia, you may have the right to:
Request to know what personal data has been collected about you and to access that information,
Request to correct inaccuracies in your personal data,
Request deletion of your personal data, though exceptions under the CDPA and other laws may allow The Lumistella Company to retain and use specific personal data notwithstanding your deletion request,
Obtain a copy of your personal data.
KIDS PRIVACY ASSURED BY PRIVO: COPPA SAFE HARBOR CERTIFICATION
The Company is a member of the PRIVO Kids Privacy Assured COPPA Safe Harbor Certification Program (“the Program”). The Program certification applies to the digital properties listed on the validation page, which can be viewed by clicking the PRIVO Seal. PRIVO is an independent, third-party organization committed to safeguarding children's personal information collected online. The PRIVO COPPA certification Seal posted on this page indicates that the Company has established COPPA-compliant privacy practices and has agreed to submit to PRIVO’s oversight and consumer dispute resolution process. If you have further concerns after you have contacted us, you can contact PRIVO directly at
privacy@privo.com
.
The following is intended to provide additional clarification on specific Services we offer:
Mobile Applications (iOS and Google Play mobile applications published by us)
We do not collect any personal information from children in our mobile applications.
The Company uses the third-party services listed below to collect anonymized technical information(visits, sessions, time spent, and more) in the aggregate for reporting, analytics, and performance monitoring.
Some mobile applications utilize alerts, which you may control via the alert setting within the application. The alerts are not sent remotely by a server.
Our mobile applications and websites collect geolocation information at the city level.
SantasNorthPole.com website
This site does not contain advertisements.
The site does not actively collect personal information from children.  If your child previously registered for an account on the site, all personal information collected at registration has been deleted as of October 23, 2023.
The Write a Letter to Santa feature on www.santasnorthpole.com does not store any information from the user.  The letter's content is disposed of immediately after the form is submitted.
THIRD-PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS USED IN RELATION TO CHILDREN
We work with several trusted third-party companies to help us improve our services and understand how they are used. These companies help us collect technical information about how our sites and services are used, but they do not share or misuse your data. Here's a quick overview of who they are and what they do:
Amplitude Analytics
: Amplitude Analytics helps us analyze how our mobile apps are used so we can keep improving them. For more details on their privacy practices, check out:
Amplitude Privacy Policy
.
Crashlytics
: We use Crashlytics to track and report any app crashes or issues. This helps us make sure our apps run correctly. Learn more about how Crashlytics handles data here:
Crashlytics Terms
.
Firebase
: For our mobile apps, we use Firebase to monitor performance, track usage, and fix any issues. Firebase helps us ensure everything works smoothly. You can learn more about their privacy practices here:
Firebase Privacy Policy
.
Google Analytics
: We use Google Analytics to understand how people use our sites and services. They collect information in a way that doesn’t identify individuals, and they are not allowed to share your data. Learn more about their privacy practices here:
Google Analytics Privacy Policy
.
Some features on our sites and services are meant for adults. We do not intentionally collect information from children under 13 through these features. Any content, like letters sent through the Write a Letter to Santa feature, which we expect to be submitted by children under 13, is not stored or kept.
We retain your information and content for as long as necessary to provide our services. If you or your child wish to opt out of services, review or delete your information, need further explanations, have comments or questions about our privacy policy practices, or have questions about your child’s use of the service, please contact the Company’s Compliance Department at:
The Lumistella Company
Compliance Department
3350 Riverwood Parkway, Ste 300
Atlanta, GA 30339
Phone Number: (1)877.919.4105
E-mail:
Compliance@lumistella.com
View Terms of Use
View Privacy Policy
COOKIE POLICY
INTRODUCTION
This Cookie policy applies to the sites ("Sites") owned, operated, or controlled by CCA and B, LLC d/b/a The Lumistella Company (the “Company”), its affiliates and all entities and brands under its control such as The Elf on the Shelf®, Elf Pets®, Elf Mates®, et. al, including all trademarks owned or controlled by such entities, collectively referred to herein as "we," "us" or "our"., including, but not limited to: elfontheshelf.com, ccaandb.com, santasnorthpole.com and the services ("Services") including mobile applications published to Google Play and iTunes App Stores or other related internet-based technologies owned, maintained, or managed by us, are intended for use by the whole family, which may include young children with parental participation and supervision. We recognize the importance of protecting any information collected from the users (each a "User" or collectively, "Users," referred to herein as "you" or "your") of our Sites and Services.
SCOPE
This Cookie Policy ("Policy") explains how we use cookies and other similar technologies on our Sites and Services. This policy does not apply to the privacy practices of third-party websites or services, which may be linked to our Sites and Services. This Cookie Policy is and will be treated as part of our Terms of Use. It is your responsibility to review and accept the cookie policies from third-party websites, services, or mobile applications.
COOKIES
Cookies are small text files which are downloaded to your browser when you visit a website. Most web pages contain elements from multiple web domains so when you visit our Site and Services, your browser may receive cookies from several sources. This includes third parties that we have hired to provide services on our behalf, such as site analytics or ad targeting.
Session cookies are deleted automatically when you close your browser and persistent cookies remain on your device after the browser is closed (for example to remember your user preferences when you return to the site).
What types of cookies do we use?
As described in our General Privacy Policy, we use cookies and other technologies, such as web beacons, tags and JavaScript (alone or in conjunction with cookies), to ensure visitors to our Site have the best possible experience and to provide targeted advertising. We use both session-based and persistent cookies. We set and access our own cookies on our Sites and Services and we also use third party cookies, like Google Analytics.
The following are a list of the categories of cookies and other technologies that we use:
Strictly Necessary
These cookies and other technologies are essential to enabling your use of our Sites and Services and their features. Without these cookies, services we would provide (such as remembering your settings) cannot be provided. These cookies may be associated with personal data (e.g. would provide a link to your user account).
Functionality
These cookies and other technologies improve your experience by enabling personalization (like remembering language and region), as well as enabling certain features like tracking progress in one of our games. These cookies may be associated with personal data (e.g. would provide a link to your user account).
Analytics / Performance
These cookies and other technologies help us learn how well our Site and Services are performing. We use these cookies to understand, improve, and research our Site and Services. These cookies may be associated with personal data (e.g. would provide a link to your user account).
Targeting or Advertising
Cookies and other technologies such as advertising pixels collect information about the browsing habits associated with your device and are used to make advertising more relevant to you and your interests. Third parties provide these services in return for recognizing that you (or more accurately your device) have visited a certain Site or Service. These third parties put down advertising cookies both when you visit our Sites and Services and when you use their services and navigate away from our Sites and Services. These cookies may be associated with your personal data (e.g. your account on that third-party site such as Facebook or Twitter).
Local Shared Objects ("Flash cookies")
Local Shared Objects (aka "Flash cookies") and local storage in HTML5 may also be used on our Sites and Services to enhance your experience by, for example, storing your user preferences and settings like volume/mute settings. Local Shared Objects are data files similar to browser cookies but can store more complex data than simple text. You can manage local shared objects by following the instructions on Adobe's help site
here
.
Disabling Cookies
If you do not agree to the use of these cookies, please disable them by following the instructions for your browser set out at allaboutcookies.org. Please note that the Site or Service may not function well if cookies are disabled. It may also stop you from saving customized settings, like login information.
For cookies that track activity in connection with targeting advertising, you can opt-out of third-party targeting cookies on the Digital Advertising Alliance's consumer choice page (
http://optout.aboutads.info
) or the Network Advertising Initiative's consumer choice page (
http://optout.networkadvertising.org
) or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance consumer choice page (
http://youronlinechoices.eu
).
Other tools offered by third parties can help you see and manage the types of cookies and trackers that you encounter. More information about cookies and cookie management can be found on
www.allaboutcookies.org
and
www.aboutcookies.org
.
Browser manufacturers also provide help pages relating to cookie management in their products.
Google Chrome
Internet Explorer
Mozilla Firefox
Safari (Desktop)
Safari (Mobile)
Android Browser
Opera
Opera Mobile
For other browsers, please consult the documentation that your browser manufacturer provides.
After your initial visit to our Sites and Services we may change the cookies and other technologies we use.
USE OF IP ADDRESSES AND WEB LOGS
We may also use your IP address and browser type to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer our Sites and Services and to improve the Sites and Services we offer to you. An IP address is a numeric code that identifies your computer on the internet.
DO NOT TRACK
Currently, various browsers - including Internet Explorer, Firefox, and Safari - offer a "do not track" or "DNT" option that relies on technology known as a DNT header, which sends a signal to the websites visited by the user about the user's browsers DNT preference setting. We do not currently commit to responding to browser's DNT preference across its Sites, because no common industry standard for DNT has been adopted by industry groups, technology companies or regulators, including no consistent standard of interpreting user intent. We take privacy and choices regarding privacy seriously and will make efforts to continue to monitor the development around DNT browser technology and the implementation of a standard for DNT.
CHANGES TO THE TERMS OF USE OR POLICIES
From time to time, we may change the Terms of Use or any of our policies in order to better communicate the use of new applications, technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements or other related purposes. Update dates will be reflected at the beginning of each Term or Policy when applicable to any or all of them, for our visitor's reference. When required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent to any changes.
By continuing to use our Sites and Services, you are agreeing to these Terms of Use. If you do not agree with the Terms of Use, you should immediately discontinue the use of our Sites and Services.
COMMENTS AND QUESTIONS
If you have a comment or question about the Terms of Use or any policy, please contact the Company's Compliance Department at:
The Lumistella Company
Compliance Department
3350 Riverwood Parkway, Ste 300
Atlanta, GA 30339
Phone Number: (1)877.919.4105
EMAIL:
compliance@lumistella.com
6/21/2022, 3:20:12 PM
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/:
Select your cookie preferences
We use essential cookies and similar tools that are necessary to provide our site and services. We use performance cookies to collect anonymous statistics, so we can understand how customers use our site and make improvements. Essential cookies cannot be deactivated, but you can choose “Customize” or “Decline” to decline performance cookies.
If you agree, AWS and approved third parties will also use cookies to provide useful site features, remember your preferences, and display relevant content, including relevant advertising. To accept or decline all non-essential cookies, choose “Accept” or “Decline.” To make more detailed choices, choose “Customize.”
Accept
Decline
Customize
We use cookies and similar tools (collectively, "cookies") for the following purposes.
Essential
Essential cookies are necessary to provide our site and services and cannot be deactivated. They are usually set in response to your actions on the site, such as setting your privacy preferences, signing in, or filling in forms.
Performance
Performance cookies provide anonymous statistics about how customers navigate our site so we can improve site experience and performance. Approved third parties may perform analytics on our behalf, but they cannot use the data for their own purposes.
Allow performance category
Allowed
Functional
Functional cookies help us provide useful site features, remember your preferences, and display relevant content. Approved third parties may set these cookies to provide certain site features. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Allow functional category
Allowed
Advertising
Advertising cookies may be set through our site by us or our advertising partners and help us deliver relevant marketing content. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less relevant advertising.
Allow advertising category
Allowed
Blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of our sites. You may review and change your choices at any time by selecting Cookie preferences in the footer of this site. We and selected third-parties use cookies or similar technologies as specified in the
AWS Cookie Notice
.
We display ads relevant to your interests on AWS sites and on other properties, including cross-context behavioral advertising. Cross-context behavioral advertising uses data from one site or app to advertise to you on a different company’s site or app.
To not allow AWS cross-context behavioral advertising based on cookies or similar technologies, select “Don't allow” and “Save privacy choices” below, or visit an AWS site with a legally-recognized decline signal enabled, such as the Global Privacy Control. If you delete your cookies or visit this site from a different browser or device, you will need to make your selection again. For more information about cookies and how we use them, please read our
AWS Cookie Notice
.
Cross-context behavioral ads
Allow
Don't allow
To not allow all other AWS cross-context behavioral advertising,
complete this form by email
.
For more information about how AWS handles your information, please read the
AWS Privacy Notice
.
We will only store essential cookies at this time, because we were unable to save your cookie preferences.
If you want to change your cookie preferences, try again later using the link in the AWS console footer, or contact support if the problem persists.
Skip to main content
Privacy Notice
Last Updated: February 21, 2025
To see prior version, click
here
.
This Privacy Notice describes how we collect and use your personal information in relation to AWS websites, applications, products, services, events, and experiences that reference this Privacy Notice (together, “AWS Offerings”).
This Privacy Notice does not apply to the “content” processed, stored, or hosted by our customers using AWS Offerings in connection with an AWS account. See the agreement governing your access to your AWS account and the
AWS Data Privacy FAQ
for more information about how we handle content and how our customers can control their content through AWS Offerings. This Privacy Notice also does not apply to any products, services, websites, or content that are offered by third parties or have their own privacy notice.
Personal Information We Collect
How We Use Personal Information
Cookies
How We Share Personal Information
Location of Personal Information
How We Secure Information
Access and Choice
Children’s Personal Information
Third Party Sites and Services
Retention of Personal Information
Contacts, Notices, and Revisions
EU-US Data Privacy Framework, UK Extension, and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework
Additional Information for Certain Jurisdictions
Examples of Information Collected
Personal Information We Collect
We collect your personal information in the course of providing AWS Offerings to you.
Here are the types of information we gather:
Information You Give Us:
We collect any information you provide in relation to AWS Offerings. Click
here
to see examples of information you give us.
Automatic Information:
We automatically collect certain types of information when you interact with AWS Offerings. Click
here
to see examples of information we collect automatically.
Information from Other Sources:
We might collect information about you from other sources, including service providers, partners, and publicly available sources. Click
here
to see examples of information we collect from other sources.
How We Use Personal Information
We use your personal information to operate, provide, and improve AWS Offerings. Our purposes for using personal information include:
Provide AWS Offerings:
We use your personal information to provide and deliver AWS Offerings and process transactions related to AWS Offerings, including registrations, subscriptions, purchases, and payments.
Measure, Support, and Improve AWS Offerings:
We use your personal information to measure use of, analyze performance of, fix errors in, provide support for, improve, and develop AWS Offerings.
Recommendations and Personalization:
We use your personal information to recommend AWS Offerings that might be of interest to you, identify your preferences, and personalize your experience with AWS Offerings.
Comply with Legal Obligations:
In certain cases, we have a legal obligation to collect, use, or retain your personal information. For example, we collect bank account information from AWS Marketplace sellers for identity verification.
Communicate with You:
We use your personal information to communicate with you in relation to AWS Offerings via different channels (e.g., by phone, email, chat) and to respond to your requests.
Marketing:
We use your personal information to market and promote AWS Offerings.
Fraud and Abuse Prevention and Credit Risks:
We use your personal information to prevent and detect fraud and abuse in order to protect the security of our customers, AWS, and others. We may also use scoring methods to assess and manage credit risks.
Purposes for Which We Seek Your Consent:
We may also ask for your consent to use your personal information for a specific purpose that we communicate to you.
Cookies
To enable our systems to recognize your browser or device and to provide, market, and improve AWS Offerings, we and approved third parties use cookies and other identifiers. For more information about cookies and how we use them, please read our
Cookie Notice
.
How We Share Personal Information
Information about our customers is an important part of our business and we are not in the business of selling our customers’ personal information to others. We share personal information only as described below and with Amazon.com, Inc. and the affiliates that Amazon.com, Inc. controls that are either subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice.
Transactions Involving Third Parties:
We make available to you services, software, and content provided by third parties for use on or through AWS Offerings. You can tell when a third party is involved in your transactions, and we share information related to those transactions with that third party. For example, you can order services, software, and content from sellers using the AWS Marketplace and we provide those sellers information to facilitate your subscription, purchases, or support.
Third-Party Service Providers:
We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include: delivering AWS hardware, sending communications, processing payments, assessing credit and compliance risks, analyzing data, providing marketing and sales assistance (including advertising and event management), conducting customer relationship management, and providing training. These third-party service providers have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes. Further, they must process that information in accordance with this Privacy Notice and as permitted by applicable data protection law.
Business Transfers:
As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or services. In such transactions, personal information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice (unless, of course, the individual consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event that AWS or substantially all of its assets are acquired, your information will of course be one of the transferred assets.
Protection of Us and Others:
We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce or apply our terms and other agreements, or protect the rights, property, or security of AWS, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud prevention and detection and credit risk reduction.
At Your Option:
Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when personal information about you might be shared with third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.
Location of Personal Information
Amazon Web Services, Inc. is located in the United States, and our affiliated companies are located throughout the world. Depending on the scope of your interactions with AWS Offerings, your personal information may be stored in or accessed from multiple countries, including the United States. Whenever we transfer personal information to other jurisdictions, we will ensure that the information is transferred in accordance with this Privacy Notice and as permitted by applicable data protection laws.
How We Secure Information
At AWS, security is our highest priority. We design our systems with your security and privacy in mind.
We maintain a wide variety of compliance programs that validate our security controls. Click
here
to learn more about our compliance programs.
We protect the security of your information during transmission to or from AWS websites, applications, products, or services by using encryption protocols and software.
We follow the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) when handling credit card data.
We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection, storage, and disclosure of personal information. Our security procedures mean that we may request proof of identity before we disclose personal information to you.
Access and Choice
You can view, update, and delete certain information about your account and your interactions with AWS Offerings. Click
here
for a list of examples of information that you can access. If you cannot access or update your information yourself, you can always contact us for assistance.
You have choices about the collection and use of your personal information. Many AWS Offerings include settings that provide you with options as to how your information is being used. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of certain AWS Offerings.
Account Information:
If you want to add, update, or delete information related to your account, please go to the
AWS Management Console
. When you update or delete any information, we usually keep a copy of the prior version for our records.
Communications:
If you do not want to receive promotional messages from us, please unsubscribe or adjust your communication preferences in the
AWS Management Console
or the
AWS Email Preference Center
. If you do not want to receive in-app notifications from us, please adjust your notification settings in the app or your device.
Cookies Preferences:
You can change your cookie preferences on AWS sites at any time by clicking Cookie Preferences in the footer of the AWS site. You can also manage cookies through your browser settings.
The "Help" feature on most browsers and devices will tell you how to remove cookies from your device, how to prevent your browser or device from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.
Sellers and Amazon Partners:
Sellers and Amazon Partner Network members can add, update, or delete information in the
AWS Marketplace
and
APN Partner Central
, respectively.
Children’s Personal Information
We don’t provide AWS Offerings for purchase by children. If you’re under 18, you may use AWS Offerings only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
Third Party Sites and Services
AWS Offerings may embed content provided by others or include links to other websites and applications. These companies may collect information about you when you interact with their content or services. We are not responsible for the practices of these companies. Please consult their privacy policies to learn about their data practices.
Retention of Personal Information
We keep your personal information to enable your continued use of AWS Offerings, for as long as it is required in order to fulfill the relevant purposes described in this Privacy Notice, as may be required by law (including for tax and accounting purposes), or as otherwise communicated to you. How long we retain specific personal information varies depending on the purpose for its use, and we will delete your personal information in accordance with applicable law.
Contacts, Notices, and Revisions
If you have any concerns about privacy at AWS, please
contact us
with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve the issue for you.
For any prospective or current customers of Amazon Web Services, Inc., our mailing address is: Amazon Web Services, Inc., 410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle, WA 98109-5210, ATTN: AWS Legal
Contact details for specific jurisdictions including the European Economic Area, the UK and Switzerland, can be found in “Additional Information for Certain Jurisdictions” below.
If you interact with AWS Offerings on behalf of or through your organization, then your personal information may also be subject to your organization’s privacy practices, and you should direct privacy inquiries to your organization.
Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice may also change. You should check our website frequently to see recent changes. You can see the date on which the latest version of this Privacy Notice was posted. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all personal information we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of personal information collected in the past without informing affected customers and giving them a choice.
EU-US Data Privacy Framework, UK Extension, and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework
Amazon Web Services, Inc. participates in the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework. Click
here
to learn more.
Additional Information for Certain Jurisdictions
We provide additional information about our controllers and data protection officers (as applicable), the privacy, collection, and use of personal information of prospective and current customers of AWS Offerings located in certain jurisdictions.
Brazil
Controller of Personal Information
. When Amazon AWS Serviços Brasil Ltda. is the provider of an AWS Offering, Amazon AWS Serviços Brasil Ltda., A. Presidente Juscelino Kubitschek, 2.041, Torre E - 18th and 19th Floors, Vila Nova Conceicao, Sao Paulo, is the data controller of personal information collected or processed through the AWS Offering. The data protection officer for Amazon AWS Serviços Brasil Ltda. can be contacted at aws-brazil-privacy@amazon.com.
Processing
. We process your personal information on one or more of the following legal bases:
as necessary to enter into a contract with you or a legal entity you represent, to perform our contractual obligations, to provide AWS Offerings, to respond to requests from you, or to provide customer support;
where we have a legitimate interest, as described in this Privacy Notice (see How We Use Personal Information above);
as necessary to comply with relevant law and legal obligations, including to respond to lawful requests and orders; or
with your consent.
Your Rights
. Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information;
request portability of personal information that you have provided to us (which does not include information derived from the collected information), where the processing of such personal information is based on consent or a contract with you and is carried out by automated means; and
request information about the possibility of refusing consent and the consequences of doing so.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or at the address under Controller of Personal Information above.
You can also file a complaint with Brazil’s National Data Protection Authority (ANPD) through its official channels.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Transfers outside of Brazil
. When we transfer your personal information outside Brazil, we do so in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Notice and applicable data protection law.
Canada
Your Rights
. Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements; and
lodge a complaint with us regarding our practices related to your personal information.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please
contact us
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or by mail at 120 Bremner Blvd, 26th Floor, Toronto, Ontario, M5J 0A8, Canada, ATTN: AWS Canada Legal. Further, the Amazon Web Services Canada, Inc. Privacy Officer can be contacted at
aws-canada-privacy@amazon.com
or by mail at the address noted above.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Costa Rica
Your Rights
. With respect to data collected and processed by Amazon Web Services Costa Rica (“AWS Costa Rica”), you have the rights of access, rectification, erasure, restriction, or complaint. When you consent to AWS Costa Rica processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time and AWS Costa Rica will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please
contact us
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us at Zona Franca America, Edificio C7. 600 norte de Plaza Real Cariari, sobre la paralela a la Autopista General Cañas. San Francisco de Heredia, Costa Rica.
European Economic Area, UK, and Switzerland
Controller of Personal Information.
When Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL is the provider of an AWS Offering, Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL, 38 Avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg, is the data controller of personal information collected or processed through the AWS Offering.
Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL is also the authorized representative of Amazon Web Services, Inc. in the EEA.
Processing.
We process your personal information on one or more of the following legal bases:
as necessary to enter into a contract with you or a legal entity you represent, to perform our contractual obligations, to provide AWS Offerings, to respond to requests from you, or to provide customer support;
where we have a legitimate interest, as described in this Privacy Notice (see How We Use Personal Information above);
as necessary to comply with relevant law and legal obligations, including to respond to lawful requests and orders; or
with your consent.
Information We Retain After Your Account is Closed.
If you decide to terminate your agreement and close your AWS account, we will retain your content for a period of up to 90 days after account closure, during which you may still access part of the AWS Management Console in order to retrieve your billing documents and to contact customer support. During this period, you may also decide to reopen your AWS account. At the end of this period, we will delete any content remaining in your account.
After account closure, we may need to keep certain information for an additional period of time for legal and legitimate business purposes. For example, we may retain personal information such as your contact information (e.g., name, email address, physical address) and any invoices that AWS has sent to you (e.g., record of purchases, applicable discounts, and tax information) for tax and accounting purposes. If applicable, AWS may also retain records of communications with you, as well as relevant logs (e.g., a log of your account closure) for dispute resolution purposes. We further may keep records for preventing fraud and ensuring security, for example in case of misuse of our services or violation of our terms.
Your Rights
. Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information; and
request portability of personal information that you have provided to us (which does not include information derived from the collected information), where the processing of such personal information is based on consent or a contract with you and is carried out by automated means.
Questions and Contacts.
If you wish to do any of these things or have a data-protection related question, and you are an AWS customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
.
The data protection officer for Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL can be contacted at aws-EU-privacy@amazon.com.
You can also lodge a complaint with our principal supervisory authority, the
Commission Nationale pour la Protection des Données in Luxembourg
, or with a local authority.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Cookies.
Please refer to our
Cookie Notice
.
Transfers outside of the EEA.
When we transfer your personal information outside the EEA we do so in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Notice and applicable data protection law.
India
For any prospective or current customers of Amazon Web Services India Private Limited (formerly known as Amazon Internet Services Private Limited), our mailing address is: Amazon Web Services India Private Limited, Block E, 14th Floor, Unit Nos. 1401 to 1421, International Trade Tower, Nehru Place, New Delhi, Delhi 110019, India, ATTN: AWS India Legal.
Japan
Controller of Personal Information
Any personal information provided to or gathered by Amazon Web Services Japan G.K. is controlled primarily by Amazon Web Services Japan G.K., 3-1-1 Kamiosaki, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo 141-0021 JAPAN.
Any personal information collected by Amazon Web Services, Inc. is controlled primarily by Amazon Web Services, Inc.
Use of Personal Information
We jointly use your personal information for such purposes as described in this Privacy Notice with domestic and foreign affiliates that Amazon.com, Inc. controls, including Amazon Web Services, Inc., Amazon Web Services Japan G.K., Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL, and other global entities that either are subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice. Jointly used personal information includes personal information described under “Personal Information We Collect” and “Example of Information Collected” above. Amazon Web Services, Inc. is the business operator primarily responsible for managing jointly used personal information.
We share personal information with third parties only to the extent described under “How We Share Personal Information” above and in accordance with the Act on Protection of Personal Information.
When we share your personal information with third parties outside of Japan, such as sellers of products on AWS Marketplace and sponsors of AWS events, we require the recipients to adopt personal information security measures to protect your personal information.
Please see
here
for information on the countries where third parties may be located, and the applicable data privacy laws and data protection systems in these countries.
Your Rights
You may have the right to request access to or delete your personal information in accordance with applicable law. If you wish to submit a data subject access request, please
contact us
(for AWS customers) or contact us at our mailing address, Amazon Web Services Japan G.K., 3-1-1 Kamiosaki, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo 141-0021 JAPAN, ATTN: AWS Japan Legal (for current or prospective customers of Amazon Web Services Japan G.K. and non-customers in Japan).
Malaysia
A Bahasa Malaysia translation of this Privacy Notice can be found
here
.
Nigeria
Controller of Personal Information.
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services Nigeria Limited, located at 3-5 Sinari Daranijo Street, Off Ajose Adeogun, Victoria Island, Lagos, Nigeria (“AWS Nigeria”), AWS Nigeria is the data controller.
Your Rights.
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information;
request portability of personal information that you have provided to us (which does not include information derived from the collected information), where the processing of such personal information is based on consent or a contract with you and is carried out by automated means; and
request information about the possibility of refusing consent and the consequences of doing so.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS Nigeria customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
.
You can also file a complaint with Nigeria’s National Information Technology Development Agency through its official channels.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Peru
Controller of Personal Information.
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services Peru S.R.L., located at Av. Jorge Basadre 349 San Isidro, Lima (“AWS Peru”), AWS Peru is the data controller and the personal data bank holder of the following data banks: customers, prospective customers, and vendors.
Personal Information.
Depending on how you engage with AWS Peru, we may process one or more of the following kinds of personal information: name, identity card number, Tax ID, contact information (such as address, telephone, email address), profession, banking and credit card details, and physical or electronic signature. For more information about the personal information that we collect, click
here
.
Your Rights.
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information; and
exercise any other rights afforded by the Peruvian Personal Data Protection Regulations.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS Peru customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or at the address under Controller of Personal Information above.
You can also file a complaint before the Peruvian National Data Protection Authority through its official channels.
Data Processors and Transfers to Third Parties.
We may share your personal information as described in this Privacy Notice and as permitted by the Peruvian Personal Data Protection Regulations, including to Amazon Web Services Inc., located at 410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle, WA 98109-5210, United States of America, for the purposes of providing services and engaging in marketing, business development, and sales efforts with respect to cloud services that Amazon Web Services, Inc. sells globally; and enabling the provision of data hosting, storage, and processing by Amazon Web Services, Inc. as AWS Peru’s data processor.
Philippines
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services Philippines, Inc. (“AWS Philippines”), you may contact the Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) and Data Compliance Officer for Privacy (“COP”)
here
if you are an AWS Philippines customer. If you are not an AWS customer, you may contact the DPO and COP at 21st floor Arthaland Century Pacific Tower, 5th Avenue 1634 Bonifacio Global City, Taguig, Philippines.
South Africa
Controller of Personal Information.
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services South Africa Proprietary Limited, located at 29 Gogosoa Street, Observatory, Cape Town, South Africa, 7925 (“AWS South Africa”), AWS South Africa is the responsible party.
Your Rights.
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
object, at any time to the processing of your personal information for purposes of direct marketing other than direct marketing by means of unsolicited electronic communications from AWS which is prohibited unless you give consent to receive such direct marketing;
object, at any time (at which point we will cease processing of your personal information), to the processing of your personal information if you feel the processing of that personal information is not necessary for protection of your legitimate interest/s; proper performance of a public law duty by a public body; or pursuance of the legitimate interests of AWS or of a third party to whom the information is supplied; and
to submit a complaint to the Information Regulator of South Africa regarding interference with the protection of your personal information.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS South Africa customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or at the address under Controller of Personal Information above.
The Information Regulator Contact Details. The Information Regulator of South Africa is located at: JD House, 27 Stiemens Street, Braamfontein, Johannesburg, 2001. P.O. Box 31533, Braamfontein, Johannesburg, 2017. You may direct general enquiries by email to:
enquiries@inforegulator.org.za
. You may direct complaints by email to:
POPIAComplaints@inforegulator.org.za
.
South Korea
AWS does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 14 without the consent of the child's parent or guardian.
How We Share Personal Information
AWS may share personal information as described in this Privacy Notice, including with affiliates of Amazon Web Services, Inc.
AWS has contracts in place with the following third party service provider(s) (delegatees) to perform functions on behalf of AWS in Korea, and they may have access to your personal information as needed to perform their functions described below:
The details of delegation for event management can be found on the relevant event page.
AWS may share your personal information with the following third party service provider(s) outside of Korea as described below:
If you do not agree with the above-stated overseas transfers, please stop using AWS Services and close your AWS Account.
Deletion of Personal Information
AWS will delete your personal information (including after closure of your AWS account) as described in this Privacy Notice. When deleting personal information, AWS will take standard commercially reasonable measures to make the personal information practically irrecoverable or irreproducible. The specific manner of deletion will depend on the information being deleted, how the information was collected and stored, and your interactions with us. Electronic documents or files containing personal information will be deleted using a technical method that makes recovery or retrieval of such information practically impossible or renders the data no longer personally identifiable. Non-electronic documents or files containing personal information will be shredded, incinerated, or both.
Retention of Personal Information
AWS Korea keeps your personal information to enable your continued use of AWS Offerings, for as long as it is required in order to fulfill the relevant purposes described in this Privacy Notice, as may be required by law (including for tax and accounting purposes as may be required by the Framework Act on National Taxes of Republic of Korea or other laws), or as otherwise communicated to you. How long we retain specific personal information varies depending on the purpose for its use, and we will delete your personal information in accordance with applicable law.
If you have any privacy questions or requests please contact:
AWS Korea Privacy
Email: aws-korea-privacy@amazon.com
Korean translation of this Privacy Notice can be found
here
.
Turkey
Controller of Personal Information.
When AWS Turkey Pazarlama Teknoloji ve Danışmanlık Hizmetleri Limited Şirketi is the provider of an AWS Offering, AWS Turkey Pazarlama Teknoloji ve Danışmanlık Hizmetleri Limited Şirketi, located at Esentepe Mahallesi Bahar Sk. Özdilek/River Plaza/Wyndham Grand Hotel Apt. No: 13/52 Şişli/İstanbul, Turkey, is the data controller of personal information collected or processed through the AWS Offering.
United States
These additional disclosures are required by certain state privacy laws to the extent they apply to your use of AWS Offerings, and serve as a Notice at Collection under the California Privacy Rights Act.
Categories of personal information collected
. The personal information that we may collect, or may have collected from consumers in the preceding twelve months, fall into the following categories established by the California Privacy Rights Act and other state privacy laws, depending on how you engage with the AWS Offerings:
Identifiers, such as your name, alias, address, phone numbers, or IP address, your AWS account log-in information, or a government-issued identifier (such as a state-issued ID number, which may be required to verify your identity when completing certain AWS certification courses, or an ID you provide for identity verification, which in some cases may reflect citizenship or immigration status);
personal information as described in subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80 of the California Civil Code, such as a credit card number or other payment information;
characteristics of protected classifications under California or US federal law, such as age, race, or gender or gender identity, for example if we conduct user surveys or analysis;
commercial information, such as purchase activity;
internet or other electronic network activity information, including content interaction information, such as content downloads, streams, and playback details;
information used to prevent and detect fraud or other unauthorized activity, including informing customers if such activity were to affect them;
biometric information, such as your voice or appearance, for example if you choose to participate in a demonstration of a speech or image recognition service;
geolocation data, which may in some cases constitute precise geolocation information, such as the location of your device or computer, for example if you enable location services to enhance your experience through event applications we offer;
audio, visual, electronic or other similar information, including when you communicate with us by phone or otherwise;
professional or employment-related information, for example data you may provide about your business;
inference data, such as information about your preferences; and
education information, such as information about enrollment status, fields of study, or degrees, honors, and awards received.
We collect this information from you, automatically through your interaction with the AWS Offerings, or from third parties. For more information about the personal information we collect, click
here
. We collect this information for the business and commercial purposes described in the “How We Use Personal Information” section above.
Categories of personal information disclosed for a business purpose
. The personal information that we may have disclosed about consumers for a business purpose in the preceding twelve months fall into the following categories established by the California Privacy Rights Act and other state privacy laws, depending on how you engage with the AWS Offerings:
Identifiers, such as your name, address, or phone numbers, for example if we use a third-party carrier to deliver AWS hardware, or government identifier or certain types of ID you provide for identity verification, which may in some cases reflect your citizenship or immigration status, for example if we use a third-party service to verify your identity;
personal information as described in subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80 of the California Civil Code, such as a credit card number or other payment information, for example if we use a third-party payment processor;
information that may reveal your age, gender or gender identity, race, or other protected classifications under California or US federal law, for example if we conduct user surveys or analysis using a third-party service provider;
commercial information, such as the details of a product or service you purchased if a third-party service provider assists in providing that product or service to you;
internet or other electronic network activity information, such as if we use a third-party service provider to help us gather reports for analyzing the health of our devices and services;
information relating to our prevention and detection of unauthorized activity, such as attempted fraud;
biometric information, for example if you choose to participate in a demonstration of certain AWS services facilitated by a third-party service provider;
geolocation data, which may constitute precise geolocation data, for example if we enable transportation services from a third party in connection with an AWS event;
audio, visual, electronic or other similar information, for example if a third-party service provider reviews recordings of customer support phone calls for quality assurance purposes;
professional or employment-related information, for example if we provide information to a third-party service provider for verification or registration as part of the AWS Offerings;
education information, for example if we facilitate employment or internship recruitment activities for participants in the AWS Educate program; and
inference data, for example if we use a third-party service provider to store information about your preferences.
For more information about the personal information we may disclose for a business purpose, click
here
.
Your Data Rights
. You may have certain data rights under state privacy laws, including to request information about the collection of your personal information by us, to access your personal information in a portable format, and to correct or delete your personal information. If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, or you are an authorized agent under applicable state law, please contact us
here
or at the address under
Contacts, Notices, and Revisions
above. Additionally, you may have the right to appeal the denial of any of these rights by submitting a form that will be provided to you if we deny a data request. Depending on your data choices, certain services may be limited or unavailable.
To ensure the security of your AWS account, we will generally ask you to verify your request using the contact information you have already provided. If you are an authorized agent making a request on behalf of a consumer pursuant to applicable state law, we may ask you to provide information verifying you have proper authority to make the request on behalf of the consumer or we may ask the consumer to verify their identity with us directly.
No sale or sharing of personal information
. We do not sell or share any personal information of consumers, as those terms are defined under the California Privacy Rights Act.
De-identified Data Disclosure.
AWS may use de-identified data in some instances. AWS either maintains such data without attempting to re-identify it or treats such data as personal data subject to applicable law.
California Privacy Rights Act Sensitive Personal Information Disclosure
. The categories of data that we collect and disclose for a business purpose include “sensitive personal information” as defined under the California Privacy Rights Act. We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for any purpose not expressly permitted by the California Privacy Rights Act.
California Privacy Rights Act Retention Disclosure
. To enable your continued use of AWS Services, we keep your personal information for as long as it is required in order to fulfill the relevant purposes described in this AWS Privacy Notice, as permitted or as may be required by law, or as otherwise communicated to you.
California Privacy Rights Act Non-Discrimination Statement
. We will not discriminate against any consumer for exercising their rights under the California Privacy Rights Act.
Colorado Privacy Act and Oregon Privacy Act Profiling Disclosure
. We do not engage in profiling of consumers in furtherance of automated decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects, as those terms are defined under the Colorado Privacy Act or the Oregon Privacy Act.
Examples of Information Collected
Information You Give Us
You provide information to us when you:
search for, subscribe to, or purchase AWS Offerings;
create or administer your AWS account (and you might have more than one account if you have used more than one email address when using AWS Offerings);
configure your settings for, provide data access permissions for, or otherwise interact with AWS Offerings;
register for or attend an AWS event;
purchase or use content, products, or services from third-party providers through the AWS Marketplace (or other similar venues operated or provided by us);
offer your content, products, or services on or through AWS Offerings or the AWS Marketplace (or other similar venues operated or provided by us);
communicate with us by phone, email, or otherwise;
complete a questionnaire, a support ticket, or other information request forms;
post on AWS websites or participate in community features; and
employ notification services.
Depending on your use of AWS Offerings, you might supply us with such information as:
your name, email address, physical address, phone number, and other similar contact information;
payment information, including credit card and bank account information;
information about your location;
information about your organization and your contacts, such as colleagues or people within your organization;
usernames, aliases, roles, and other authentication and security credential information;
content of feedback, testimonials, inquiries, support tickets, and any phone conversations, chat sessions and emails with or to us;
your image (still, video, and in some cases 3-D), voice, and other identifiers that are personal to you when you attend an AWS event or use certain AWS Offerings;
information regarding identity, including government-issued identification information;
corporate and financial information; and
VAT numbers and other tax identifiers.
Automatic Information
We collect information automatically when you:
visit, interact with, or use AWS Offerings (including when you use your computer or other device to interact with AWS Offerings);
download content from us;
open emails or click on links in emails from us; and
interact or communicate with us (such as when you attend an AWS event or when you request customer support).
Examples of the information we automatically collect include:
network and connection information, such as the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer or other device to the Internet and information about your Internet service provider;
computer and device information, such as device, application, or browser type and version, browser plug-in type and version, operating system, or time zone setting;
the location of your device or computer;
authentication and security credential information;
content interaction information, such as content downloads, streams, and playback details, including duration and number of simultaneous streams and downloads;
AWS Offerings metrics, such as offering usage, occurrences of technical errors, diagnostic reports, your settings preferences, backup information, API calls, and other logs;
the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our website (including date and time) and AWS Offerings, content you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, and page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs);
email addresses and phone numbers used to contact us; and
identifiers and information contained in cookies (see our
Cookie Notice
).
Information from Other Sources
Examples of information we receive from other sources include:
marketing, sales generation, and recruitment information, including your name, email address, physical address, phone number, and other similar contact information;
subscription, purchase, support, or other information about your interactions with products and services offered by us, our affiliates (such as AWS training courses), or third parties (such as products offered through the AWS Marketplace) in relation to AWS Offerings;
search results and links, including paid listings (such as Sponsored Links); and
credit history information from credit bureaus.
Information You Can Access
Examples of information you can access through AWS Offerings include:
your name, email address, physical address, phone number, and other similar contact information;
usernames, aliases, roles, and other authentication and security credential information;
your subscription, purchase, usage, billing, and payment history;
payment settings, such as payment instrument information and billing preferences;
tax information;
email communication and notification settings; and
if you participate in the AWS Marketplace or Amazon Partner Network (or other similar venues operated or provided by us), your account, your status, subscriptions, and other information.
Customers can access the information above through AWS Offerings, such as the
AWS Management Console
(including the
My Account
,
Billing Dashboard
,
Bills
,
Payment Methods
,
Payment History
,
Preferences
and
Tax Settings
pages), the
AWS Email Preference Center
,
AWS Marketplace
, and
APN Partner Central
.
AWS support for Internet Explorer ends on 07/31/2022. Supported browsers are Chrome, Firefox, Edge, and Safari.
Learn more »
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
Login
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
Login
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Sub-policy 1
https://www.attentivemobile.com/privacy/:
Consent
Details
[#IABV2SETTINGS#]
About
This website uses cookies
We use cookies and other tracking technologies on our website to deliver relevant advertising, perform site analytics, and provide the best possible experience. For more information about the cookies we use, how you can contact us and how we process personal data, see our
Privacy Policy
.
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Show details
Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies.
Cookiebot
8
Learn more about this provider
CookieConsent [x8]
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
Dropbox
1
Learn more about this provider
uc_session
Used to implement or transfer content through Dropbox.
Google
3
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
test_cookie
Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies.
ar_debug
Checks whether a technical debugger-cookie is present.
SESS#
Preserves users states across page requests.
Hubspot
2
Learn more about this provider
embed/v3/counters.gif [x2]
Used to implement forms on the website.
LinkedIn
1
Learn more about this provider
li_gc
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
RudderStack
5
Learn more about this provider
#.#-#-#-#-#.ack
Used to contain user’s survey and quiz answers in Local Storage.
#.#-#-#-#-#.inProgress
Used to contain user’s survey and quiz answers in Local Storage.
#.#-#-#-#-#.queue
Used to contain user’s survey and quiz answers in Local Storage.
#.#-#-#-#-#.reclaimEnd
Used to contain user’s survey and quiz answers in Local Storage.
#.#-#-#-#-#.reclaimStart
Used to contain user’s survey and quiz answers in Local Storage.
Typeform
2
Learn more about this provider
AWSALBTG
Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience.
AWSALBTGCORS
Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience.
capterra.com
cdn.webflow.com
hsforms.com
zoominfo.com
5
_cfuvid [x5]
This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators.
capterra.com
digitaloceanspaces.com
g2.com
g2crowd.com
hsadspixel.net
hs-banner.com
hubspotusercontent-na1.net
js.ubembed.com
t.co
ws.zoominfo.com
18
__cf_bm [x18]
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
cdn.jetboost.io
2
jetboost-site-config
Technical cookie. Used to implement third-party widgets onto the website.
jetboost-site-config-origin
Holds which URL should be presented to the visitor when visiting the site.
ws.zoominfo.com
1
visitorId
Preserves users states across page requests.
www.attentive.com
1
wf_auth_page
This cookie is necessary for the login function on the website.
Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in.
Cookiebot
7
Learn more about this provider
CookieConsentBulkSetting-# [x7]
Enables cookie consent across multiple websites
Dropbox
2
Learn more about this provider
locale
The cookie determines the preferred language and country-setting of the visitor - This allows the website to show content most relevant to that region and language.
gvc
Used to implement or transfer content through Dropbox.
Typeform
1
Learn more about this provider
tf_random_id
Used to implement forms on the website.
www.attentive.com
1
wistia-video-progress-#
Contains a timestamp for the website’s video-content. This allows the user to resume watching without having to start over, if the user leaves the video or website.
Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
Adobe Inc.
1
Learn more about this provider
p.gif
Keeps track of special fonts used on the website for internal analysis. The cookie does not register any visitor data.
Dropbox
3
Learn more about this provider
t
Stores data on which websites the user has visited.
__Host-# [x2]
Pending
G2Crowd
1
Learn more about this provider
g2tracking
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
Google
8
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
_ga
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
_ga_#
Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit.
_gaclientid
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
_gahitid
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
_gasessionid
Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes.
_gat
Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate
_gid
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
collect
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
Hotjar
8
Learn more about this provider
_hjAbsoluteSessionInProgress
This cookie is used to count how many times a website has been visited by different visitors - this is done by assigning the visitor an ID, so the visitor does not get registered twice.
_hjFirstSeen
This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has visited the website before, or if it is a new visitor on the website.
_hjIncludedInSessionSample_#
Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read.
_hjSession_#
Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read.
_hjSessionUser_#
Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read.
_hjTLDTest
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
hjActiveViewportIds
This cookie contains an ID string on the current session. This contains non-personal information on what subpages the visitor enters – this information is used to optimize the visitor's experience.
hjViewportId
Saves the user's screen size in order to adjust the size of images on the website.
Hubspot
4
Learn more about this provider
__hssc
Identifies if the cookie data needs to be updated in the visitor's browser.
__hssrc
Used to recognise the visitor's browser upon reentry on the website.
__hstc
Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes.
hubspotutk
Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes.
LinkedIn
2
Learn more about this provider
ln_or
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
AnalyticsSyncHistory
Used in connection with data-synchronization with third-party analysis service.
Microsoft
2
Learn more about this provider
_clsk [x2]
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
RudderStack
5
Learn more about this provider
rl_anonymous_id
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
rl_group_id
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
rl_group_trait
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
rl_trait
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
rl_user_id
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
Twitter Inc.
1
Learn more about this provider
personalization_id
This cookie is set by Twitter - The cookie allows the visitor to share content from the website onto their Twitter profile.
Typeform
1
Learn more about this provider
tracking_session_id
Determines when the visitor last visited the different subpages on the website, as well as sets a timestamp for when the session started.
assets.ubembed.com
2
ub-emb-id [x2]
Enables the website to make variations of their landing-page. This is used to minimize bounce-rates, which means that fewer users leave the page immediately.
form.typeform.com
www.cvent-assets.com
2
dd_cookie_test_# [x2]
Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization.
js.qualified.com
1
__q_domainTest
Used in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes.
ws.zoominfo.com
3
ziwsSessionId [x2]
Collects statistics on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read.
ziwsSession
Collects statistics on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read.
www.attentive.com
1
wistia
Used by the website to track the visitor's use of video-content - The cookie roots from Wistia, which provides video-software to websites.
www.cvent-assets.com
1
_dd_s
Registers the website's speed and performance. This function can be used in context with statistics and load-balancing.
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers.
Meta Platforms, Inc.
3
Learn more about this provider
_fbp
Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
lastExternalReferrer
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
lastExternalReferrerTime
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
Appnexus
1
Learn more about this provider
receive-cookie-deprecation
Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website.
Chilipiper
1
Learn more about this provider
CHILI_PIPER_CLUSTER
Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products.
Clearbit
1
Learn more about this provider
rack.session
Used in context with video-advertisement. The cookie limits the number of times a user is shown the same advertisement. The cookie is also used to ensure relevance of the video-advertisement to the specific user.
Google
7
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
_gcl_au
Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services.
IDE
Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user.
pagead/landing [x2]
Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement.
ads/ga-audiences
Used by Google AdWords to re-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitor's online behaviour across websites.
NID
Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads.
pagead/1p-conversion/#/
Pending
Hubspot
2
Learn more about this provider
pagead/1p-user-list/#
Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites.
__ptq.gif
Sends data to the marketing platform Hubspot about the visitor's device and behaviour. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
LinkedIn
5
Learn more about this provider
bcookie
Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services.
bscookie
Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services.
li_sugr
Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant.
lidc
Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services.
UserMatchHistory
Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor.
Microsoft
8
Learn more about this provider
_uetsid
Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement.
_uetvid
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
_uetsid
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
_uetsid_exp
Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name.
_uetvid
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
_uetvid_exp
Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name.
MSPTC
This cookie registers data on the visitor. The information is used to optimize advertisement relevance.
MUID
Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains.
RudderStack
3
Learn more about this provider
__tld__
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
rudder_cookies
Pending
test_rudder
Pending
Twitter Inc.
4
Learn more about this provider
i/adsct [x2]
The cookie is used by Twitter.com in order to determine the number of visitors accessing the website through Twitter advertisement content.
muc_ads
Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant.
i/jot/embeds
Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers.
Typeform
3
Learn more about this provider
#-visitorId
Pending
attribution_user_id
Used in context with the website’s pop-up questionnaires and messengering. The data is used for statistical or marketing purposes.
tf_respondent_cc
Used to implement forms on the website.
YouTube
22
Learn more about this provider
#-#
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
__Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN
Pending
iU5q-!O9@$
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
nextId
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
remote_sid
Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website.
requests
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog
Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website.
TESTCOOKIESENABLED
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos.
YSC
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
yt.innertube::nextId
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
YtIdbMeta#databases
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
yt-remote-cast-available
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-cast-installed
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-connected-devices
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-device-id
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-fast-check-period
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-session-app
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-session-name
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
attentive.com
3
utm_campaign
Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products.
utm_medium
Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products.
utm_source
Determines how the user accessed the website. This information is used by the website operator in order to measure the efficiency of their marketing.
b.6sc.co
2
6suuid
Registers user behaviour and navigation on the website, and any interaction with active campaigns. This is used for optimizing advertisement and for efficient retargeting.
v1/beacon/img.gif
Used in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes.
cdn.attn.tv
14
__attentive_cco [x2]
Used for reporting and optimization of marketing text messages.
__attentive_dv [x2]
Used for reporting and optimization of marketing text messages.
__attentive_id [x2]
Used for reporting and optimization of marketing text messages.
__attentive_pv [x2]
Used for reporting and optimization of marketing text messages.
__attentive_ss_referrer [x2]
Used for reporting and optimization of marketing text messages.
_attn_ [x2]
Used for reporting and optimization of marketing text messages.
_attn_ [x2]
Used for reporting and optimization of marketing text messages.
cdn.pdst.fm
4
__pdst [x2]
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
__pdst [x2]
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
j.6sc.co
6
_gd_session [x2]
Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads.
_gd_visitor [x2]
Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads.
_6senseCompanyDetails
Used in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes.
_an_uid
Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers.
www.cvent-assets.com
2
dd_site_test_#-#-#-#-# [x2]
Pending
www.googletagmanager.com
www.attentive.com
2
ruid [x2]
Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers.
Unclassified
793
Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies.
Capterra
1
Learn more about this provider
capterra_tracker.gif
Pending
Cvent
2
Learn more about this provider
eventguestside-service-session
Pending
registration-1b5434b3-e3c2-448b-9ded-fa744a6baf47
Pending
Google
1
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
_gcl_ls
Pending
attentive.com
cdn.attn.tv
10
__attentive_ceid [x2]
Pending
__attentive_domain [x2]
Pending
__attentive_session_id [x2]
Pending
__attentive_utm_param_campaign [x2]
Pending
__attentive_utm_param_medium [x2]
Pending
cdn.jetboost.io
1
jetboost-uuid
Pending
cdn.jsdelivr.net
1
5f8dd331b45e61acc8ac985c#pages
Pending
cdn.pdst.fm
753
alias_id
Pending
partner_user_id
Pending
spdt-1740620270.926-835
Pending
spdt-1740620270.943-739
Pending
spdt-1740620272.444-400
Pending
spdt-1740620272.483-290
Pending
spdt-1740620275.304-433
Pending
spdt-1740620275.603-664
Pending
spdt-1740620281.974-130
Pending
spdt-1740620286.397-413
Pending
spdt-1740620288.692-499
Pending
spdt-1740620292.749-311
Pending
spdt-1740620293.59-822
Pending
spdt-1740620296.011-903
Pending
spdt-1740620300.236-301
Pending
spdt-1740620301.104-417
Pending
spdt-1740620305.539-552
Pending
spdt-1740620308.116-832
Pending
spdt-1740620311.918-644
Pending
spdt-1740620312.568-425
Pending
spdt-1740620318.193-94
Pending
spdt-1740620318.452-743
Pending
spdt-1740620321.335-61
Pending
spdt-1740620325.111-713
Pending
spdt-1740620328.813-136
Pending
spdt-1740620330.809-658
Pending
spdt-1740620330.813-714
Pending
spdt-1740620334.124-373
Pending
spdt-1740620335.327-234
Pending
spdt-1740620335.952-444
Pending
spdt-1740620339.697-153
Pending
spdt-1740620339.999-181
Pending
spdt-1740620341.035-463
Pending
spdt-1740620346.208-220
Pending
spdt-1740620346.708-521
Pending
spdt-1740620348.182-692
Pending
spdt-1740620350.738-530
Pending
spdt-1740620351.163-414
Pending
spdt-1740620353.336-14
Pending
spdt-1740620356.587-549
Pending
spdt-1740620359.414-760
Pending
spdt-1740620360.977-736
Pending
spdt-1740620363.299-470
Pending
spdt-1740620364.955-128
Pending
spdt-1740620366.208-335
Pending
spdt-1740620372.384-885
Pending
spdt-1740620376.496-336
Pending
spdt-1740620378.42-652
Pending
spdt-1740620382.177-326
Pending
spdt-1740620383.5-613
Pending
spdt-1740620388.197-405
Pending
spdt-1740620389.678-333
Pending
spdt-1740620392.798-578
Pending
spdt-1740620397.467-215
Pending
spdt-1740620401.21-760
Pending
spdt-1740620403.55-163
Pending
spdt-1740620404.537-378
Pending
spdt-1740620406.793-146
Pending
spdt-1740620408.476-139
Pending
spdt-1740620412.841-586
Pending
spdt-1740620414.637-709
Pending
spdt-1740620415.987-353
Pending
spdt-1740620418.423-589
Pending
spdt-1740620423.409-890
Pending
spdt-1740620426.816-765
Pending
spdt-1740620428.327-772
Pending
spdt-1740620435.917-181
Pending
spdt-1740620447.964-907
Pending
spdt-1740620451.671-346
Pending
spdt-1740620453.79-880
Pending
spdt-1740620456.659-753
Pending
spdt-1740620459.103-246
Pending
spdt-1740620463.352-316
Pending
spdt-1740620464.341-66
Pending
spdt-1740620469.777-680
Pending
spdt-1740620471.608-56
Pending
spdt-1740620474.451-350
Pending
spdt-1740620476.336-897
Pending
spdt-1740620494.949-223
Pending
spdt-1740620502.666-92
Pending
spdt-1740620504.138-653
Pending
spdt-1740620509.872-567
Pending
spdt-1740620510.524-242
Pending
spdt-1740620510.57-781
Pending
spdt-1740620516.166-472
Pending
spdt-1740620516.428-854
Pending
spdt-1740620522.351-79
Pending
spdt-1740620525.714-160
Pending
spdt-1740620527.217-104
Pending
spdt-1740620527.956-845
Pending
spdt-1740620532.31-509
Pending
spdt-1740620533.547-961
Pending
spdt-1740620533.758-46
Pending
spdt-1740620540.894-76
Pending
spdt-1740620542.103-348
Pending
spdt-1740620542.601-654
Pending
spdt-1740620550.923-856
Pending
spdt-1740620553.293-988
Pending
spdt-1740620555.803-790
Pending
spdt-1740620560.718-387
Pending
spdt-1740620560.939-425
Pending
spdt-1740620565.885-107
Pending
spdt-1740620566.803-37
Pending
spdt-1740620569.824-200
Pending
spdt-1740620575.001-121
Pending
spdt-1740620576.259-722
Pending
spdt-1740620579.884-301
Pending
spdt-1740620581.506-472
Pending
spdt-1740620583.017-510
Pending
spdt-1740620584.783-504
Pending
spdt-1740620589.122-925
Pending
spdt-1740620590.312-944
Pending
spdt-1740620595.809-731
Pending
spdt-1740620596.681-434
Pending
spdt-1740620599.296-234
Pending
spdt-1740620604.382-892
Pending
spdt-1740620607.662-711
Pending
spdt-1740620610.261-237
Pending
spdt-1740620612.663-374
Pending
spdt-1740620617.963-790
Pending
spdt-1740620623.109-241
Pending
spdt-1740620623.537-575
Pending
spdt-1740620623.728-544
Pending
spdt-1740620627.352-5
Pending
spdt-1740620629.454-861
Pending
spdt-1740620629.991-162
Pending
spdt-1740620631.229-290
Pending
spdt-1740620635.854-661
Pending
spdt-1740620636.363-840
Pending
spdt-1740620636.867-73
Pending
spdt-1740620641.733-792
Pending
spdt-1740620647.251-297
Pending
spdt-1740620649.605-704
Pending
spdt-1740620651.141-567
Pending
spdt-1740620651.237-180
Pending
spdt-1740620657.079-135
Pending
spdt-1740620657.29-946
Pending
spdt-1740620663.767-409
Pending
spdt-1740620668.667-162
Pending
spdt-1740620670.135-673
Pending
spdt-1740620671.112-316
Pending
spdt-1740620674.581-320
Pending
spdt-1740620676.381-892
Pending
spdt-1740620679.283-80
Pending
spdt-1740620681.217-277
Pending
spdt-1740620682.59-771
Pending
spdt-1740620684.457-795
Pending
spdt-1740620689.295-490
Pending
spdt-1740620689.531-247
Pending
spdt-1740620690.291-515
Pending
spdt-1740620698.301-228
Pending
spdt-1740620699.754-589
Pending
spdt-1740620701.427-13
Pending
spdt-1740620705.578-76
Pending
spdt-1740620706.603-679
Pending
spdt-1740620711.67-516
Pending
spdt-1740620712.47-587
Pending
spdt-1740620713.843-250
Pending
spdt-1740620721-638
Pending
spdt-1740620724.143-139
Pending
spdt-1740620729.744-763
Pending
spdt-1740620731.227-650
Pending
spdt-1740620731.327-715
Pending
spdt-1740620732.959-199
Pending
spdt-1740620735.277-685
Pending
spdt-1740620737.073-334
Pending
spdt-1740620739.054-772
Pending
spdt-1740620740.783-24
Pending
spdt-1740620750.422-769
Pending
spdt-1740620751.07-909
Pending
spdt-1740620751.963-227
Pending
spdt-1740620756.718-624
Pending
spdt-1740620757.514-933
Pending
spdt-1740620759.17-947
Pending
spdt-1740620765.812-832
Pending
spdt-1740620766.001-22
Pending
spdt-1740620766.494-180
Pending
spdt-1740620773.286-243
Pending
spdt-1740620773.366-225
Pending
spdt-1740620778.572-211
Pending
spdt-1740620779.342-122
Pending
spdt-1740620783.935-397
Pending
spdt-1740620789.843-707
Pending
spdt-1740620791.285-998
Pending
spdt-1740620797.754-920
Pending
spdt-1740620803.392-102
Pending
spdt-1740620810.8-932
Pending
spdt-1740620815.671-599
Pending
spdt-1740620822.01-298
Pending
spdt-1740620824.926-323
Pending
spdt-1740620827.899-988
Pending
spdt-1740620832.706-842
Pending
spdt-1740620837.241-155
Pending
spdt-1740620840.455-99
Pending
spdt-1740620845.18-830
Pending
spdt-1740620850.942-697
Pending
spdt-1740620854.356-955
Pending
spdt-1740620862.196-988
Pending
spdt-1740620862.992-301
Pending
spdt-1740620866.735-111
Pending
spdt-1740620870.92-794
Pending
spdt-1740620874.878-204
Pending
spdt-1740620878.427-761
Pending
spdt-1740620880.461-695
Pending
spdt-1740620884.934-890
Pending
spdt-1740620885.348-50
Pending
spdt-1740620888.775-566
Pending
spdt-1740620888.786-877
Pending
spdt-1740620891.814-816
Pending
spdt-1740620893.387-803
Pending
spdt-1740620896.909-143
Pending
spdt-1740620898.395-71
Pending
spdt-1740620904.062-419
Pending
spdt-1740620906.598-373
Pending
spdt-1740620911.404-780
Pending
spdt-1740620912.462-242
Pending
spdt-1740620913.129-40
Pending
spdt-1740620914.275-403
Pending
spdt-1740620916.323-547
Pending
spdt-1740620919.625-64
Pending
spdt-1740620920.204-604
Pending
spdt-1740620920.655-453
Pending
spdt-1740620921.113-183
Pending
spdt-1740620925.754-614
Pending
spdt-1740620928.074-801
Pending
spdt-1740620930.514-823
Pending
spdt-1740620935.315-167
Pending
spdt-1740620941.849-534
Pending
spdt-1740620942.598-8
Pending
spdt-1740620946.015-378
Pending
spdt-1740620953.658-224
Pending
spdt-1740620953.722-510
Pending
spdt-1740620955.061-629
Pending
spdt-1740620961.853-992
Pending
spdt-1740620962.337-81
Pending
spdt-1740620965.731-943
Pending
spdt-1740620967.871-765
Pending
spdt-1740620968.348-972
Pending
spdt-1740620971.832-36
Pending
spdt-1740620974.614-518
Pending
spdt-1740620980.347-631
Pending
spdt-1740620980.611-902
Pending
spdt-1740620985.167-293
Pending
spdt-1740620987.032-185
Pending
spdt-1740620992.031-597
Pending
spdt-1740620993.354-882
Pending
spdt-1740620995.08-209
Pending
spdt-1740620998.43-648
Pending
spdt-1740621002.052-996
Pending
spdt-1740621003.541-314
Pending
spdt-1740621006.433-834
Pending
spdt-1740621007.091-402
Pending
spdt-1740621008.938-229
Pending
spdt-1740621011.559-267
Pending
spdt-1740621011.645-921
Pending
spdt-1740621014.154-600
Pending
spdt-1740621016.049-753
Pending
spdt-1740621016.853-457
Pending
spdt-1740621020.371-466
Pending
spdt-1740621024.776-364
Pending
spdt-1740621025.471-865
Pending
spdt-1740621029.529-315
Pending
spdt-1740621031.362-909
Pending
spdt-1740621031.975-10
Pending
spdt-1740621033.951-274
Pending
spdt-1740621034.594-737
Pending
spdt-1740621036.43-375
Pending
spdt-1740621038.692-118
Pending
spdt-1740621039.57-562
Pending
spdt-1740621043.187-922
Pending
spdt-1740621045.251-783
Pending
spdt-1740621045.512-13
Pending
spdt-1740621047.047-693
Pending
spdt-1740621048.559-810
Pending
spdt-1740621051.849-41
Pending
spdt-1740621053.295-567
Pending
spdt-1740621054.089-728
Pending
spdt-1740621055.409-323
Pending
spdt-1740621056.576-161
Pending
spdt-1740621058.869-813
Pending
spdt-1740621061.488-415
Pending
spdt-1740621062.395-414
Pending
spdt-1740621066.861-840
Pending
spdt-1740621071.663-27
Pending
spdt-1740621072.578-884
Pending
spdt-1740621073.523-320
Pending
spdt-1740621075.07-267
Pending
spdt-1740621078.708-470
Pending
spdt-1740621078.939-50
Pending
spdt-1740621081.587-403
Pending
spdt-1740621082.512-994
Pending
spdt-1740621085.426-642
Pending
spdt-1740621085.694-856
Pending
spdt-1740621086.085-550
Pending
spdt-1740621089.073-532
Pending
spdt-1740621089.684-357
Pending
spdt-1740621092.533-870
Pending
spdt-1740621092.597-765
Pending
spdt-1740621093.243-385
Pending
spdt-1740621094.306-944
Pending
spdt-1740621096.232-45
Pending
spdt-1740621096.837-50
Pending
spdt-1740621097.587-378
Pending
spdt-1740621099.757-486
Pending
spdt-1740621102.517-956
Pending
spdt-1740621103.417-664
Pending
spdt-1740621106.953-790
Pending
spdt-1740621112.908-83
Pending
spdt-1740621121.441-866
Pending
spdt-1740621122.544-929
Pending
spdt-1740621125.993-758
Pending
spdt-1740621127.673-577
Pending
spdt-1740621129.625-266
Pending
spdt-1740621133.136-647
Pending
spdt-1740621134.497-191
Pending
spdt-1740621137.801-469
Pending
spdt-1740621141.285-778
Pending
spdt-1740621144.771-558
Pending
spdt-1740621148.621-711
Pending
spdt-1740621149.304-135
Pending
spdt-1740621152.991-193
Pending
spdt-1740621154.51-347
Pending
spdt-1740621154.668-365
Pending
spdt-1740621156.795-260
Pending
spdt-1740621162.524-339
Pending
spdt-1740621164.478-768
Pending
spdt-1740621165.783-517
Pending
spdt-1740621168.317-197
Pending
spdt-1740621173.416-111
Pending
spdt-1740621175.67-943
Pending
spdt-1740621181.772-432
Pending
spdt-1740621181.969-876
Pending
spdt-1740621184.07-26
Pending
spdt-1740621187.341-464
Pending
spdt-1740621196.512-178
Pending
spdt-1740621199.794-877
Pending
spdt-1740621204.738-936
Pending
spdt-1740621205.92-169
Pending
spdt-1740621213.151-143
Pending
spdt-1740621222.798-438
Pending
spdt-1740621228.48-866
Pending
spdt-1740621234.809-837
Pending
spdt-1740621240.512-535
Pending
spdt-1740621271.827-721
Pending
spdt-1740621282.474-537
Pending
spdt-1740621284.516-737
Pending
spdt-1740621285.437-966
Pending
spdt-1740621301.965-292
Pending
spdt-1740621312.394-357
Pending
spdt-1740621315.915-772
Pending
spdt-1740621316.717-742
Pending
spdt-1740621318.889-862
Pending
spdt-1740621322.978-227
Pending
spdt-1740621325.192-418
Pending
spdt-1740621329.072-643
Pending
spdt-1740621329.784-566
Pending
spdt-1740621335.417-186
Pending
spdt-1740621341.319-463
Pending
spdt-1740621345.655-9
Pending
spdt-1740621348.098-29
Pending
spdt-1740621351.907-269
Pending
spdt-1740621353.72-299
Pending
spdt-1740621358.948-98
Pending
spdt-1740621359.109-661
Pending
spdt-1740621365.587-391
Pending
spdt-1740621369.516-939
Pending
spdt-1740621374.458-574
Pending
spdt-1740621376.526-16
Pending
spdt-1740621381.146-705
Pending
spdt-1740621382.051-801
Pending
spdt-1740621384.496-848
Pending
spdt-1740621386.61-81
Pending
spdt-1740621388.713-790
Pending
spdt-1740621395.242-51
Pending
spdt-1740621400.97-821
Pending
spdt-1740621401.291-840
Pending
spdt-1740621403.377-90
Pending
spdt-1740621408.547-233
Pending
spdt-1740621413.358-630
Pending
spdt-1740621413.651-494
Pending
spdt-1740621418.889-328
Pending
spdt-1740621423.889-304
Pending
spdt-1740621425.333-297
Pending
spdt-1740621428.743-686
Pending
spdt-1740621429.631-966
Pending
spdt-1740621433.919-652
Pending
spdt-1740621434.157-235
Pending
spdt-1740621439.381-492
Pending
spdt-1740621439.459-852
Pending
spdt-1740621443.407-245
Pending
spdt-1740621446.805-846
Pending
spdt-1740621453.873-423
Pending
spdt-1740621454.202-171
Pending
spdt-1740621459.125-274
Pending
spdt-1740621459.768-127
Pending
spdt-1740621460.792-851
Pending
spdt-1740621462.673-391
Pending
spdt-1740621464.989-630
Pending
spdt-1740621466.262-494
Pending
spdt-1740621471.312-405
Pending
spdt-1740621475.208-484
Pending
spdt-1740621476.227-829
Pending
spdt-1740621478.006-758
Pending
spdt-1740621482.006-194
Pending
spdt-1740621484.44-258
Pending
spdt-1740621486.133-61
Pending
spdt-1740621487.967-772
Pending
spdt-1740621490.293-485
Pending
spdt-1740621491.869-385
Pending
spdt-1740621492.88-285
Pending
spdt-1740621494.529-71
Pending
spdt-1740621495.689-80
Pending
spdt-1740621496.032-208
Pending
spdt-1740621499.501-864
Pending
spdt-1740621500.423-964
Pending
spdt-1740621503.96-348
Pending
spdt-1740621504.071-435
Pending
spdt-1740621505.084-801
Pending
spdt-1740621507.673-605
Pending
spdt-1740621511.018-755
Pending
spdt-1740621511.345-395
Pending
spdt-1740621511.981-371
Pending
spdt-1740621521.463-50
Pending
spdt-1740621522.706-570
Pending
spdt-1740621523.452-107
Pending
spdt-1740621524.182-734
Pending
spdt-1740621535.938-494
Pending
spdt-1740621536.151-361
Pending
spdt-1740621537.99-486
Pending
spdt-1740621539.617-914
Pending
spdt-1740621542.3-668
Pending
spdt-1740621543.477-769
Pending
spdt-1740621543.71-17
Pending
spdt-1740621545.862-265
Pending
spdt-1740621547.035-375
Pending
spdt-1740621547.266-559
Pending
spdt-1740621549.738-655
Pending
spdt-1740621556.43-454
Pending
spdt-1740621558.582-434
Pending
spdt-1740621561.584-143
Pending
spdt-1740621563.676-383
Pending
spdt-1740621574.549-414
Pending
spdt-1740621578.695-43
Pending
spdt-1740621579.494-286
Pending
spdt-1740621583.412-864
Pending
spdt-1740621583.907-118
Pending
spdt-1740621588.422-848
Pending
spdt-1740621588.915-409
Pending
spdt-1740621592.37-82
Pending
spdt-1740621596.788-58
Pending
spdt-1740621601.369-291
Pending
spdt-1740621601.72-82
Pending
spdt-1740621602.841-856
Pending
spdt-1740621606.993-960
Pending
spdt-1740621608.353-540
Pending
spdt-1740621611.129-371
Pending
spdt-1740621615.049-799
Pending
spdt-1740621618.28-355
Pending
spdt-1740621618.673-137
Pending
spdt-1740621623.604-990
Pending
spdt-1740621623.614-143
Pending
spdt-1740621625.039-212
Pending
spdt-1740621628.182-939
Pending
spdt-1740621632.926-242
Pending
spdt-1740621634.478-767
Pending
spdt-1740621637.608-958
Pending
spdt-1740621639.296-80
Pending
spdt-1740621642.261-781
Pending
spdt-1740621647.245-122
Pending
spdt-1740621651.116-897
Pending
spdt-1740621651.795-620
Pending
spdt-1740621652.125-590
Pending
spdt-1740621656.473-95
Pending
spdt-1740621656.487-646
Pending
spdt-1740621656.952-945
Pending
spdt-1740621661.259-131
Pending
spdt-1740621662.088-591
Pending
spdt-1740621665.804-548
Pending
spdt-1740621666.622-892
Pending
spdt-1740621670.258-706
Pending
spdt-1740621671.306-359
Pending
spdt-1740621674.868-898
Pending
spdt-1740621683.604-907
Pending
spdt-1740621684.887-140
Pending
spdt-1740621687.898-934
Pending
spdt-1740621689.376-972
Pending
spdt-1740621692.194-210
Pending
spdt-1740621693.94-41
Pending
spdt-1740621696.626-253
Pending
spdt-1740621698.04-300
Pending
spdt-1740621698.545-218
Pending
spdt-1740621700.819-695
Pending
spdt-1740621702.889-181
Pending
spdt-1740621703.452-536
Pending
spdt-1740621705.16-222
Pending
spdt-1740621707.504-313
Pending
spdt-1740621709.327-637
Pending
spdt-1740621713.393-9
Pending
spdt-1740621714.573-818
Pending
spdt-1740621717.288-352
Pending
spdt-1740621724.06-812
Pending
spdt-1740621726.861-666
Pending
spdt-1740621728.92-822
Pending
spdt-1740621734.414-739
Pending
spdt-1740621739.39-278
Pending
spdt-1740621744.061-980
Pending
spdt-1740621745.877-926
Pending
spdt-1740621749.083-501
Pending
spdt-1740621752.755-69
Pending
spdt-1740621753.72-461
Pending
spdt-1740621764.302-272
Pending
spdt-1740621769.032-402
Pending
spdt-1740621775.057-487
Pending
spdt-1740621780.031-118
Pending
spdt-1740621785.146-288
Pending
spdt-1740621791.14-384
Pending
spdt-1740621793.947-766
Pending
spdt-1740621795.877-298
Pending
spdt-1740621799.05-393
Pending
spdt-1740621800.878-849
Pending
spdt-1740621803.924-8
Pending
spdt-1740621807.877-948
Pending
spdt-1740621812.729-501
Pending
spdt-1740621814.124-283
Pending
spdt-1740621818.799-7
Pending
spdt-1740621822.373-828
Pending
spdt-1740621838.678-141
Pending
spdt-1740621843.888-652
Pending
spdt-1740621844.922-422
Pending
spdt-1740621850.063-378
Pending
spdt-1740621856.772-924
Pending
spdt-1740621862.955-158
Pending
spdt-1740621870.755-913
Pending
spdt-1740621879.859-228
Pending
spdt-1740621884.358-413
Pending
spdt-1740621893.781-163
Pending
spdt-1740621894.598-746
Pending
spdt-1740621898.759-335
Pending
spdt-1740621903.726-302
Pending
spdt-1740621903.901-490
Pending
spdt-1740621905.023-757
Pending
spdt-1740621909.228-317
Pending
spdt-1740621909.546-868
Pending
spdt-1740621911.516-609
Pending
spdt-1740621914.289-402
Pending
spdt-1740621916.588-79
Pending
spdt-1740621919.851-939
Pending
spdt-1740621921.985-515
Pending
spdt-1740621922.002-561
Pending
spdt-1740621925.579-54
Pending
spdt-1740621928.053-117
Pending
spdt-1740621929.569-475
Pending
spdt-1740621930.461-906
Pending
spdt-1740621935.524-222
Pending
spdt-1740621940.354-475
Pending
spdt-1740621941.963-93
Pending
spdt-1740621943.839-907
Pending
spdt-1740621949.694-880
Pending
spdt-1740621953.928-387
Pending
spdt-1740621954.992-776
Pending
spdt-1740621960.667-803
Pending
spdt-1740621961.093-383
Pending
spdt-1740621964.259-437
Pending
spdt-1740621965.876-344
Pending
spdt-1740621966.624-910
Pending
spdt-1740621978.001-867
Pending
spdt-1740621978.036-673
Pending
spdt-1740621979.011-719
Pending
spdt-1740621992.364-281
Pending
spdt-1740621994.741-388
Pending
spdt-1740621998.079-611
Pending
spdt-1740622000.994-738
Pending
spdt-1740622007.917-546
Pending
spdt-1740622014.184-144
Pending
spdt-1740622020.883-340
Pending
spdt-1740622021.007-25
Pending
spdt-1740622026.655-297
Pending
spdt-1740622027.639-201
Pending
spdt-1740622031.87-754
Pending
spdt-1740622037.233-791
Pending
spdt-1740622045.776-770
Pending
spdt-1740622064.137-135
Pending
spdt-1740622070.507-596
Pending
spdt-1740622075.276-250
Pending
spdt-1740622075.947-873
Pending
spdt-1740622081.564-90
Pending
spdt-1740622083.724-103
Pending
spdt-1740622089.98-678
Pending
spdt-1740622095.03-113
Pending
spdt-1740622097.914-943
Pending
spdt-1740622101.229-882
Pending
spdt-1740622108.83-207
Pending
spdt-1740622114.622-275
Pending
spdt-1740622116.189-960
Pending
spdt-1740622120.864-304
Pending
spdt-1740622123.265-505
Pending
spdt-1740622134.891-156
Pending
spdt-1740622146.407-116
Pending
spdt-1740622151.28-672
Pending
spdt-1740622156.045-409
Pending
spdt-1740622157.005-323
Pending
spdt-1740622162.008-212
Pending
spdt-1740622172.805-467
Pending
spdt-1740622174.619-920
Pending
spdt-1740622176.289-589
Pending
spdt-1740622182.568-784
Pending
spdt-1740622184.92-901
Pending
spdt-1740622197.302-483
Pending
spdt-1740622202.624-419
Pending
spdt-1740622207.712-610
Pending
spdt-1740622217.108-235
Pending
spdt-1740622223.923-769
Pending
spdt-1740622224.555-337
Pending
spdt-1740622225.469-561
Pending
spdt-1740622229.378-408
Pending
spdt-1740622231.003-511
Pending
spdt-1740622236.605-334
Pending
spdt-1740622238.314-881
Pending
spdt-1740622242.862-311
Pending
spdt-1740622244.818-345
Pending
spdt-1740622246.466-161
Pending
spdt-1740622248.507-36
Pending
spdt-1740622250.086-1
Pending
spdt-1740622254.86-382
Pending
spdt-1740622257.542-675
Pending
spdt-1740622262.313-805
Pending
spdt-1740622263.766-755
Pending
spdt-1740622267.791-552
Pending
spdt-1740622271.245-766
Pending
spdt-1740622272.66-342
Pending
spdt-1740622274.274-702
Pending
spdt-1740622278.549-656
Pending
spdt-1740622285.266-78
Pending
spdt-1740622286.661-648
Pending
spdt-1740622292.78-781
Pending
spdt-1740622296.154-780
Pending
spdt-1740622296.808-364
Pending
spdt-1740622299.93-442
Pending
spdt-1740622308.522-848
Pending
spdt-1740622313.139-285
Pending
spdt-1740622314.87-680
Pending
spdt-1740622320.659-15
Pending
spdt-1740622321.226-709
Pending
spdt-1740622326.333-254
Pending
spdt-1740622327.53-610
Pending
spdt-1740622328.139-643
Pending
spdt-1740622328.32-618
Pending
spdt-1740622332.833-117
Pending
spdt-1740622347.079-936
Pending
spdt-1740622353.684-14
Pending
spdt-1740622361.022-739
Pending
spdt-1740622375.244-309
Pending
spdt-1740622377.197-366
Pending
spdt-1740622385.415-912
Pending
spdt-1740622397.916-609
Pending
spdt-1740622417.273-327
Pending
spdt-1740622420.463-256
Pending
spdt-1740622425.749-892
Pending
spdt-1740622445.817-769
Pending
spdt-1740622451.713-392
Pending
spdt-1740622457.964-757
Pending
spdt-1740622473.416-227
Pending
spdt-1740622479.607-746
Pending
spdt-1740622498.441-217
Pending
spdt-1740622506.504-105
Pending
spdt-1740622511.076-810
Pending
spdt-1740622512.822-899
Pending
spdt-1740622516.136-343
Pending
spdt-1740622519.707-132
Pending
spdt-1740622521.221-474
Pending
spdt-1740622525.006-373
Pending
spdt-1740622527.776-707
Pending
spdt-1740622536.91-869
Pending
spdt-1740622537.351-107
Pending
spdt-1740622542.907-171
Pending
spdt-1740622546.326-933
Pending
spdt-1740622558.667-23
Pending
spdt-1740622565.772-623
Pending
spdt-1740622566.481-682
Pending
spdt-1740622578.304-38
Pending
spdt-1740622579.639-908
Pending
spdt-1740622580.758-247
Pending
spdt-1740622584.472-533
Pending
spdt-1740622598.239-711
Pending
spdt-1740622604.528-446
Pending
spdt-1740622610.745-589
Pending
spdt-1740622626.961-437
Pending
spdt-1740622633.093-374
Pending
spdt-1740622640.077-788
Pending
spdt-1740622643.336-63
Pending
spdt-1740622646.167-291
Pending
spdt-1740622650.569-949
Pending
spdt-1740622652.32-222
Pending
spdt-1740622657.905-272
Pending
spdt-1740622658.087-711
Pending
spdt-1740622660.321-438
Pending
spdt-1740622677.737-852
Pending
spdt-1740622680.241-43
Pending
spdt-1740622692.266-673
Pending
spdt-1740622698.796-705
Pending
spdt-1740622703.867-883
Pending
spdt-1740622707.224-964
Pending
spdt-1740622715.703-94
Pending
spdt-1740622717.559-751
Pending
spdt-1740622726.779-244
Pending
spdt-1740622730.969-979
Pending
spdt-1740622732.54-9
Pending
spdt-1740622751.661-134
Pending
spdt-1740622772.483-294
Pending
spdt-1740622794.886-909
Pending
spdt-1740622795.298-378
Pending
spdt-1740622798.515-633
Pending
spdt-1740622800.673-355
Pending
spdt-1740622801.368-893
Pending
spdt-1740622806.552-805
Pending
spdt-1740622807.326-425
Pending
spdt-1740622808.356-688
Pending
spdt-1740622820.714-855
Pending
spdt-1740622843.401-267
Pending
spdt-1740622851.318-47
Pending
spdt-1740622853.241-950
Pending
spdt-1740622857.863-525
Pending
spdt-1740622870.225-453
Pending
spdt-1740622879.219-759
Pending
spdt-1740622884.944-602
Pending
spdt-1740622891.093-471
Pending
spdt-1740622894.865-671
Pending
spdt-1740622898.262-948
Pending
spdt-1740622910.039-219
Pending
spdt-1740622932.807-708
Pending
spdt-1740622940.571-627
Pending
spdt-1740622942.955-737
Pending
spdt-1740622946.713-417
Pending
spdt-1740622947.462-104
Pending
spdt-1740622954.418-997
Pending
spdt-1740622962.463-334
Pending
spdt-1740622966.22-660
Pending
spdt-1740622968.005-772
Pending
spdt-1740622970.081-430
Pending
spdt-1740622975.545-92
Pending
spdt-1740622988.635-158
Pending
spdt-1740622994.429-238
Pending
spdt-1740623003.104-787
Pending
spdt-1740623010.096-45
Pending
spdt-1740623019.001-529
Pending
spdt-1740623030.348-109
Pending
spdt-1740623033.882-769
Pending
spdt-1740623052.035-384
Pending
spdt-1740623059.159-109
Pending
spdt-1740623059.494-693
Pending
spdt-1740623092.564-40
Pending
user_hashed_email
Pending
user_hashed_phone_number
Pending
client-registry.mutinycdn.com
6
_mutiny_impressions
Pending
mutiny.user.session
Pending
mutiny.user.session_number
Pending
mutiny.user.token
Pending
mutiny.user.token
Pending
query.
Pending
d34r8q7sht0t9k.cloudfront.net
www.attentive.com
6
__podscribe_attentive_landing_url [x2]
Pending
__podscribe_attentive_referrer [x2]
Pending
__podscribe_did [x2]
Pending
events.attentivemobile.com
1
tpc_id
Pending
js.qualified.com
1
__q_local_form_debug
Pending
js.qualified.com
www.attentive.com
2
__q_state_9HbK7T9cMMrPm51Q [x2]
Pending
podscribe.com
3
_podscribe_attentive_landing_url
Pending
_podscribe_attentive_referrer
Pending
_podscribe_did
Pending
verifi.podscribe.com
1
tag
Pending
www.attentive.com
4
hasPageBeenReloaded
Pending
spdt-1740620950.982-64
Pending
spdt-1740621377.238-252
Pending
spdt-1740621471.459-936
Pending
Cross-domain consent
7
Your consent applies to the following domains:
List of domains your consent applies to:
info.attentivemobile.ca
info.attentivemobile.com.au
event.attentivemobile.com
signup.attentive.com
attentive.com
info.attentive.co.uk
info.attentive.com
Cookie declaration last updated on 2/27/25 by
Cookiebot
[#IABV2_TITLE#]
[#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#]
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient.
Attentive Mobile Inc. and its affiliates, along with our service providers (collectively, “Attentive” or “we”) use This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our website.
You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from this Cookie Notice on our website.  Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent.
This Cookie Notice may be revised occasionally and in accordance with legal requirements. Please revisit this Cookie Notice regularly to stay informed about our and our analytic and advertising partners’ use of Cookies.
Do not sell or share my personal information
Reject
Allow selection
Customize
Accept
Why Attentive
Products
Messaging
SMS
Engage customers with text messages that drive loyalty and revenue
Deliverability
Send messages knowing they’ll be delivered, even during peak periods
Concierge
Provide the helpful and accurate replies customers need in seconds
email
Email
Boost revenue and save time with personalized emails that convert
list management
Growth
Collect SMS and Email subscribers quickly with easy sign-up units
Attentive Signal
New
Identify, understand, and engage more website visitors
Analytics
Make data-driven decisions with detailed, customizable reports
Attentive AI™
Create and send top-performing campaigns in a fraction of the time
Integrations
Connect seamlessly with flexible integrations that drive growth
Compliance
Run your program with tools designed to protect you from potential risk
Customer Success
Build and scale your program with unparalleled guidance and support
Client Strategy
Build and scale your program with unparalleled support
Solutions
By Business Need
International
Deliver the right messages to the right customers across 20+ countries
By Industry
Retail & E-Commerce
﻿Increase consumer loyalty, engagement, and revenue with AI-driven marketing tools
Travel & Hospitality
﻿Reach more customers, drive loyalty, and boost revenue with SMS and email
Food & Beverage
﻿Deliver tailored, cross-channel messages that keep diners coming back
Entertainment & Media
Instantly connect with your audience in real time to drive more revenue
Fitness & Wellness
Engage more customers and boost bookings with personalized messages that motivate
By Role
Developers
Unlock valuable functionality, enhance personalization, and share data by connecting your marketing stack with our flexible APIs
Partners
Exceed growth goals with expert guidance and management from our agency partners
Resources
Resource Hub
Discover the latest tools, guides, and marketing tips.
Blog
Strategies, trends, and insights to help you become an industry expert
Texts We Love
Real SMS examples to inspire your next campaign
Guides
Text messaging industry insights to help you become an SMS expert
Webinars
Live and on-demand recordings to keep learning
Case Studies
Explore proven strategies and results from innovative brands
Help Center
Check out our how-to guides, webinars, and more
Revenue Calculator
Instantly calculate your projected revenue and subscriber growth
Marketing Campaign Calendar
Top marketing tips and strategies for key dates
Releases and Updates
Get the latest on new products, features, and enhancements.
Company
About
Learn how we’re reimagining business-to-consumer relationships
Press
Catch up on company news
Careers
Check out our open roles and company values
Sign in
Get Demo
Why Attentive
Products
Products
Messaging
SMS
Engage customers with text messages that drive loyalty and revenue
Deliverability
Send messages knowing they’ll be delivered, even during peak periods
Concierge
Provide the helpful and accurate replies customers need in seconds
email
Email
Boost revenue and save time with personalized emails that convert
List Management
Growth
Collect SMS and Email subscribers quickly with easy sign-up units
Attentive Signal
New
Identify, understand, and engage more website visitors
Analytics
Make data-driven decisions with detailed, customizable reports
Attentive AI™
Create and send top-performing campaigns in a fraction of the time
Integrations
Connect seamlessly with flexible integrations that drive growth
Compliance
Run your program with tools designed to protect you from potential risk
Customer Success
Build and scale your program with unparalleled guidance and support
Releases and Updates
Get the latest on new products, features, and enhancements.
Solutions
Solutions
By Business Need
International
Deliver the right messages to the right customers across 20+ countries
By Industry
Retail & E-Commerce
﻿Increase consumer loyalty, engagement, and revenue with AI-driven marketing tools
Travel & Hospitality
Reach more customers, drive loyalty, and boost revenue with SMS and email
Food & Beverage
﻿Deliver tailored, cross-channel messages that keep diners coming back
Entertainment & Media
Instantly connect with your audience in real time to drive more revenue
Fitness & Wellness
Engage more customers and boost bookings with personalized messages that motivate
By Role
Partners
Exceed growth goals with expert guidance and management from our agency partners
Developers
Unlock valuable functionality, enhance personalization, and share data by connecting your marketing stack with our flexible APIs
Resources
Resources
Resource Hub
Discover the latest tools, guides, and marketing tips.
Blog
Strategies, trends, and insights to help you become an industry expert
Texts We Love
Real SMS examples to inspire your next campaign
Webinars
Live and on-demand recordings to keep learning
Guides
Text messaging industry insights to help you become an SMS expert
Case Studies
Explore proven strategies and results from innovative brands
Help Center
Check out our how-to guides, webinars, and more
Revenue Calculator
Instantly calculate your projected revenue and subscriber growth
Marketing Campaign Calendar
Top marketing tips and strategies for key dates
Releases and Updates
Get the latest on new products, features, and enhancements.
Company
Company
About
Learn how we're reimagining business-to-consumer relationships
Press
Catch up on company news
Careers
Check out our open roles and company values
My First Six Months at Attentive
Read Now
Sign in
Get Demo
Attentive Mobile Inc. Privacy Policy
Attentive Mobile Inc. (“
Attentive,
”
“
we
,”
“
us
,”
or “
our
”) respects your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains how Attentive collects, uses, discloses, and secures (“processes”) personal information (“
Personal Information
”)
through
www.attentive.com
(“
Website
”), our computer or mobile applications, our electronic communications, including email and text messages, and other websites and services that we provide that are controlled by us and display this Privacy Policy (collectively, the
“Service”
).
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand how we handle your Personal Information.
This Privacy Policy contains the following sections:
Attentive's Processing of Personal Information on Behalf of Clients
Personal Information We Collect
How We Use Personal Information
Cookies and Similar Technologies
Online Analytics and Interest-Based Advertising
How We Disclose Personal Information
Protection of Personal Information
Retention of Personal Information
Third-Party Links and Features
Children’s Privacy
Privacy Rights and Choices
Data Privacy Framework
Privacy Policy Updates
Contact Us
‍
‍
Attentive’s Processing of Personal Information on Behalf of Clients
To the extent Attentive processes Personal Information on behalf of organizations (
“Clients”
) that want to engage with individual consumers (
“Client Consumers”
) through the Service, Attentive acts a data processor or service provider on behalf of these Clients. Our processing of Client Consumers’ Personal Information is described in this Privacy Policy and is governed by Attentive’s agreements with those Clients.
Client Consumers who wish to exercise any privacy rights in connection with their Personal Information that has been submitted to us by a Client should inquire with the Client directly. Because we only process Client Consumers’ data upon instruction from that Client, Client Consumers who make a request directly to us should provide to us the name of the Client who submitted their Personal Information to us. If we are able to verify the Client, we will refer the request to that Client and support them as needed in responding to the request within a reasonable timeframe.
‍
‍
Personal Information We Collect
Personal Information We Collect from Clients’ Representatives and other Website Visitors.
We collect the following categories of Personal Information for our own business purposes, as set out below:
Identifiers, including your first and last name, email address, and phone number;
Preferences for receiving communications about our services and publications, and details about how you engage with our marketing communications;
Information you provide when you interact with content on our Website;
Information you provide in connection with requests to contact us or requests for customer service; and
Information you provide in connection with your participation in a contest, sweepstakes, research study, or email survey.
Personal Information about Client Consumers that Clients Provide to Us.
Clients may provide us with information about Client Consumers through the Service or offline for inclusion in the Service. Such information may include Client Consumers’ name, email address, and telephone number. Our Clients are responsible for providing notice and obtaining appropriate consents necessary for us to process this Personal Information.
Personal Information We Automatically Collect.
Like most online services, we may automatically receive and store certain Personal Information about individuals who interact with our Service through their browser or device. As discussed further below, we and our service providers may use a variety of technologies, including cookies, to assist in collecting this information.
Device Information. We collect technical information associated with the device(s) you use to access our Service, including information related to your browser and operating system, IP address (the Internet address of your computer), unique device identifiers, and other information such as your device type.
Usage Information. We collect a variety of information to better understand how individuals use our Service. This may include the webpage that you were visiting before accessing our Service, the pages or features of our Service you use, how much time you spend there, date and time of use, and information about your usage preferences.
Transaction Information. We also collect information to help us verify transactions completed using our Service. This may include the names and email addresses of parties to a transaction, subject line, history of actions that individuals take on a transaction (e.g., reviewing and approving transactions, providing payment method details), and authentication methods.
Personal Information We Collect from Social Media and Other Content Platforms
. When individuals “like” or “follow” us on Facebook, Instagram, X, LinkedIn, or other social media sites, we may collect some Personal Information including your name, e-mail address, and any comments or content you post that is relevant to us. We also collect your Personal Information if you sign up for one of our promotions or submit information to us through social media sites.
Personal Information We Collect from Others.
We may also receive Personal Information from service providers, advertisers, business partners, data companies and other third parties. We may combine this information with other information we receive through the Service.
‍
How We Use Personal Information
We use Personal Information for the following business and operational purposes:
Account Administration
. To enter into or perform a contract with our Clients and Website visitors, we use Personal Information for account administration, information verification, payment collection and invoicing and accounting.
Service Provision
. To perform our contract with our Clients and Website visitors, we use Personal Information to provide, manage, support, and improve our Service.
Communications and Customer Support
. To perform our contract with Clients and Website visitors, or where it is in our legitimate business interests, we use Personal Information to respond to requests or other communications we receive by email, phone or otherwise, and to provide more effective and efficient customer service.
Fraud Protection and Security
. It is in our legitimate business interests to use Personal Information to conduct internal business operations to keep our Service safe and secure, such as auditing, detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity and resolving crashes.
Analytics and Aggregation
.
It is in our legitimate business interests to monitor use of the Service, analyze trends, and carry out research and development. We may aggregate or anonymize Personal Information in a form that does not allow individuals to be personally identified and use the resulting information for statistical analysis regarding use of the Service, such as to better understand our customer base, or for other purposes.
Marketing
. It is in our legitimate business interests to contact Clients and Website visitors regarding Attentive and third-party products, services, surveys, research studies, promotions, special events, and other subjects that we think may be of interest to them (in accordance with any privacy preferences they have expressed to us). Where legally required, we will only send marketing communications with prior consent.
Personalization
. It is in our legitimate business interests to use Personal Information to customize content, preferences, and advertising on the Service and across the Internet.
‍
Compliance and Legal Reasons
. We may use Personal Information to enforce and comply with our terms and policies, to comply with our legal obligations such as applicable laws, regulations, and other legal processes and procedures, or where it is in our legitimate interests to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights.
‍
Cookies and Similar Technologies
To collect the information in the
“Personal Information We Automatically Collect”
section above, we and our service providers use Internet server logs, cookies, tags, SDKs, tracking pixels, and other similar tracking technologies. We use these technologies to offer a more personalized experience by understanding and remembering Website visitors’ particular browsing preferences.
A web server log is a file where website activity is stored.
A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your computer or mobile device when you visit a website, that enables us to: (i) recognize your computer; (ii) store your preferences and settings; (iii) understand the web pages of the Service you have visited; (iv) enhance your user experience by delivering and measuring the effectiveness of content and advertising tailored to your interests; (v) perform searches and analytics; and (vi) assist with security and administrative functions. Some cookies are placed in your browser cache while those associated with Flash technologies are stored with your Adobe Flash Player files.
Tracking pixels (sometimes referred to as web beacons or clear GIFs) are tiny electronic tags with a unique identifier embedded in websites, online ads, and/or emails that are designed to: (i) collect usage information like ad impressions or clicks and email open rates; (ii) measure popularity of the Service and associated advertising; and (iii) access user cookies.
As we adopt additional technologies, we may also gather information through other methods and technologies.
Please note that you can change your settings to notify you when certain cookies are being set or updated, or to block certain cookies altogether. Please consult the “Help” section of your browser for more information (e.g.,
Internet Explorer
;
Google Chrome
;
Mozilla Firefox
; or
Apple Safari
). You can also manage the use of Flash technologies, including flash cookies and local storage objects with the Flash management tools available at
Adobe’s website
. Please note that by blocking, disabling, or managing any or all cookies, you may not have access to certain features or offerings of the Service and that Attentive does not control the choices that are available through above third-party offerings.
For more information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them, please refer to our
Cookies Notice
.
‍
Online Analytics and Interest-Based Advertising
Analytics.
We may use third-party analytics services (such as Google Analytics) on our Service to collect and analyze usage information through cookies and similar technologies; engage in auditing, research, or reporting; assist with fraud prevention; and provide certain features to Website visitors. To prevent Google Analytics from using Personal Information for analytics, you may install the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on by clicking
here
.
Interest-Based Advertising.
When you visit our Website, Attentive may use the information collected from you in order to display advertising to you on other websites, such as Facebook or Google, about products, services, and related features that we think may be of interest to you to improve and personalize your use of the Service. This type of advertising is called retargeting. These ads may be personalized based on various factors such as the features you are using, demographic and geographic data, and other information that we collect about you. This advertising may be based on your current activity or your activity over time and may be tailored to your interests.
In order to provide this interest-based advertising, we may use third-party service providers who, on our behalf, may place cookies or other tracking technologies, such as cookies and SDKs on your computer browser, mobile phone applications, or other devices to collect information about your use of the Service in order to provide interest-based advertising to you both on the Website and on other websites.
We neither have access to, nor does this Privacy Policy govern, the use of cookies or other tracking technologies that may be placed on your computer, mobile phone, or other device by non-affiliated third parties. As described below, these providers may offer you a way to opt-out of the collection of information that is used for our interest-based advertising to you. We cannot guarantee that these instructions will not change, or that they will continue to be available; they are controlled by each non-affiliated third party, not us.
If you are interested in more information about interest-based advertising and how you can generally control cookies and other tracking technologies from being put on your device to deliver such advertising, you may visit the
Network Advertising Initiative’s Consumer Opt-Out link
, the
Digital Advertising Alliance’s (DAA’s) Consumer Opt-Out link
, or
TrustArc’s Advertising Choices Page
. To opt out of the display of interest-based advertising from Google, please visit the
Google Ads Settings
page. Facebook also offers settings that may control what information Facebook uses about you or your device activity for advertising purposes. For more information, you will need to log in to Facebook via the Sign In link and go to Settings > Ads > Ad Settings (web) or Ad Preferences > Ad Settings (app).
Please note that to the extent advertising technology is integrated into the Website, Website visitors may still receive advertising even if you opt-out as described above. In that case, the advertising will just not be based on your interests.
Do Not Track.
Do Not Track (“
DNT
”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. We are committed to providing you with meaningful choices about the information collected on our website for third-party purposes, and that is why we provide the variety of opt-out mechanisms listed above. However, because of the changing state of technology and indecision within the industry regarding the meaning of DNT signals, we currently do not make any guarantee that we will honor DNT signals. Learn more about
Do Not Track
.
‍
How We Disclose Personal Information
We may disclose Personal Information to the following parties:
Service Providers
. We may disclose Personal Information to vendors who provide services to us, such as analytics, payments processing, web site management, information technology, security and other similar services.
Advertising Partners
. We may disclose Personal Information pertaining to Clients and Website visitors to third-party advertising companies, including for the interest-based advertising purposes described above.
‍
Our Clients
. We may disclose Client Consumers’ Personal Information to the Client with which that Client Consumer engages.
‍
Related Entities
. We may disclose Personal Information to our affiliates (entities that control or are under the control of Attentive) for business purposes. We will require these entities to comply with the terms of this Privacy Policy with regard to their use of Personal Information.
‍
State, Federal, and Foreign Courts and Regulatory and Government Authorities
. We may disclose Personal Information as we believe to be necessary or appropriate to: (i) comply with applicable law and legal processes; (ii) respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (iii) enforce our
Terms of Use
; (iv) protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; and (v) allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
‍
Prospective Purchasers, Assignees and other Parties Involved in Corporate Transactions
. We reserve the right to transfer Personal Information to service providers, advisors, potential transactional partners, or other third parties in connection with the consideration, negotiation, diligence, or completion of a corporate transaction in which we are acquired by or merged with another company or we sell, liquidate, or transfer all or a portion of our assets.
‍
Other Third Parties as Authorized by You
. We may also disclose Personal Information when you have authorized us to do so or at your direction.
From time to time, we may share aggregate or de-identified information about use of the Service and individuals. We may disclose such aggregate or de-identified information to any third party, including advertisers, promotional partners, and sponsors. If Clients use Attentive’s Google Merchant Center integration to share product data with Attentive (“Google User Data”), we will not disclose such Google User Data to third parties.
‍
Protection of Personal Information
We maintain reasonable physical, technical, administrative, and organizational security measures that are designed to protect Personal Information against accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access. These measures are commensurate with the sensitivity of the information that we maintain. While we strive to protect Personal Information against unauthorized use or disclosure, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information we maintain.​
‍
‍
Retention of Personal Information
We retain Personal Information for as long as necessary to provide our Service or as needed to comply with applicable legal obligations. We will also retain and use Personal Information as necessary to resolve disputes, protect Attentive and our users, and enforce our agreements.
‍
Third-Party Links and Features
The Service may contain links to third-party services (e.g., social media sites like Facebook and X) and third-party plug-ins (e.g., the Facebook “like” button and the X “follow” button). These links and features are provided for your reference and convenience only and do not imply any endorsement of information provided through these third-party links and features, nor any association with their operators. If you choose to use these sites or features, you may disclose your Personal Information not just to those third parties, but also to their users and the public more generally depending on how their services function. Attentive does not control these third parties and is not responsible for the content or data practices of such third-party websites or services. Any information you provide to third parties on their websites or services is covered under their privacy and data collection policies, and is not covered by this Privacy Policy. We urge you to review the privacy and security policies of these third parties before interacting with their services.
‍
Children’s Privacy
The Service is intended for general audiences and not for children under the age of 18. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Information from children under the age of 18 without legally valid parental consent, we will take reasonable steps to delete it as soon as possible. We also comply with other age restrictions and requirements in accordance with applicable local laws.
‍
Privacy Rights and Choices
We respect your right to make choices about the ways we collect, use, and disclose your Personal Information.
Legal Rights.
Depending on the laws of their local jurisdiction, Clients’ representatives and Website visitors may have certain rights and choices with respect to their Personal Information. Client Consumers who wish to exercise any rights in connection with their Personal Information that has been submitted to us by a Client should inquire with the Client directly.
Clients’ representatives and Website visitors may be able to ask us to:
provide access to and/or a copy of certain Personal Information we hold about you;
prevent the processing of your Personal Information for direct-marketing purposes (including any direct marketing processing based on profiling);
update or rectify Personal Information which is out of date or incorrect;
delete certain Personal Information which we are holding about you;
oppose, cancel, or restrict the way that we process and disclose certain of your Personal Information;
transfer your Personal Information to a third-party provider of services;
revoke your consent for the processing of your Personal Information; or
opt out of sharing your Personal Information for interest-based advertising. You can limit online tracking as described in the
“Online Analytics and Interest-Based Marketing”
section or by clicking the “Cookie Notice” link on the footer of our website. We do not sell Personal Information.
We will consider all requests and provide our response within the time period required by applicable law. Please note that certain Personal Information may be exempt from such requests in some circumstances, which may include if we need to keep processing your Personal Information for our legitimate interests, to comply with a legal obligation, or if you are a resident of a country or state that does not provide the rights you have requested.
We may request that you provide us with information necessary to verify your identity before responding to your request as required or permitted by applicable law. Depending on your jurisdiction, you may be entitled to empower an “authorized agent” to submit requests on their behalf. We will require authorized agents to confirm their identity and authority, in accordance with applicable laws.
If you consider that we have processed Personal Information in violation of applicable law and failed to remedy such violation to your reasonable satisfaction, you may also lodge a complaint with a competent data protection authority. If you choose to exercise any of these rights, you will not be discriminated against or receive discriminatory treatment.
Marketing Communications.
Client representatives and Website visitors may instruct us not to contact them by email, postal mail, or phone regarding products, services, and promotions that might appeal to their interests by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the promotional email or by contacting us directly at the email address listed below. Individuals who opt out may continue to receive services-related and other non-marketing emails.
Client Consumers who would like to opt-out of receiving emails or text messages from our Clients using our Service need to exercise their rights with our Clients by, for example, unsubscribing from Client emails or by responding to Client text messages with any of the following replies: STOP, END, CANCEL, UNSUBSCRIBE, or QUIT.  If you opt-out of receiving emails or text messages from one of our Clients, you may continue to receive emails or text messages from any other Clients’ email or text message programs you have joined until you separately unsubscribe from those programs.
‍
‍
Data Privacy Framework
Attentive complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension of the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Commission regarding the collection, use, and retention of Personal Information transferred from the European Union, United Kingdom, and Switzerland to Attentive in the United States.
Attentive has certified that it adheres to the Data Privacy Framework Principles (the “
Principles
”) with respect to such information. If there is any conflict between the policies in this Privacy Policy and the Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
Attentive may be liable under the Principles if its agents process Personal Information on behalf of Attentive in a manner inconsistent with the Principles.
In compliance with the Principles, Attentive commits to resolve complaints about our processing of your Personal Information. EU, UK and Swiss users with inquiries or complaints regarding this Data Privacy Framework policy should first contact Attentive at:
privacy@attentive.com
.
We have further committed to refer unresolved Data Privacy Framework complaints to an alternative dispute resolution provider. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third-party dispute resolution provider, JAMS (free of charge) at
https://www.jamsadr.com/dpf-dispute-resolution
.
If your complaint is not resolved through these channels, under certain conditions a binding arbitration option may be available before a Data Privacy Framework Panel. For additional information, please visit:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/ANNEX-I-introduction-dpf?tabset-35584=2
.
Attentive may be required to disclose Personal Information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Attentive’s compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework.
‍
Privacy Policy Updates
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make a material change to the Privacy Policy, we will notify you.
‍
Contact Us
Attentive Mobile, Inc. is the responsible entity (or controller, under applicable law) for Personal Information pertaining to Clients and Website visitors.
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, our privacy practices or if you would like to exercise your rights and choices, please contact our Data Protection Officer at:
privacy@attentive.com
, or by writing to us at: Attentive Mobile Inc., Attn: Privacy Dept., 221 River Street, Suite 9047, Hoboken, NJ 07030
.
For users in the EEA, we have appointed European Data Protection Office (EDPO), at Avenue Huart Hamoir 71, 1030 Brussels, Belgium, as our EU data representative. You can contact our EU representative at the address above or alternatively by using EDPO’s online request form:
https://edpo.com/gdpr-data-request/
.
‍
Last Updated: September 12, 2024
‍
Sub-policy 2
https://www.bazaarvoice.com/legal/privacy-policy/:
On this page
Information We Collect Through the Bazaarvoice Network
Information You Submit
Data Collection Sources and Technologies
Information We Collect Through the Website and Business Applications (BizApps)
Information You Submit
Data Collection Technologies
Information We Collect from Social Media
Opting Out
Access, Correct or Delete Your Information or Exercise Your Jurisdiction’s Privacy Rights
Do Not Track
Children
Disclosure of Information
Data Retention
Security
Bazaarvoice Supplemental Privacy Policy for California Residents
Bazaarvoice Supplemental Privacy Policy for European Economic Area Residents
Certifications and Codes of Conduct
EU-U.S., U.K.-US & Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles
Other Information
Updates to this Policy
Contacting Us
In this section
Legal
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
API Terms of Use
Authenticity Policy
Client Agreements
Digital Accessibility Statement
Corporate Compliance Program
Digital Millennium Copyright Act
Vulnerability Disclosure Policy
Last Updated: February 14, 2024
This Privacy Policy is intended to inform you (“you”, collectively “Consumers”) about Bazaarvoice, Inc., its affiliates’ and subsidiaries’ (“Bazaarvoice”, “we”, “us”, or “our”) collection, use, security and disclosure of information that we receive through the services that we provide on third party websites and in the mobile applications of our Clients (the “Bazaarvoice Network”), through bazaarvoice.com, and/or other Bazaarvoice-branded websites (“Website”), and through the business applications offered to our direct Clients on the Website (“BizApps”) (collectively, the “Services”). It also describes your choices regarding use, access and correction of your personal information.
Information We Collect Through the Bazaarvoice Network
Information You Submit
User-Generated Content
. As part of our Services to our Clients, we provide Consumers the ability to submit reviews, and to comment on or rate goods, products and services on websites and mobile applications within the Bazaarvoice Network (collectively, “User-Generated Content”). You should be aware that any information you provide in the area that is intended to collect such User-Generated Content may be published on a publicly facing website or mobile application and may be read, collected, and used by Bazaarvoice, its affiliates, subsidiaries, vendors and Clients. Therefore, please do not include any information within these areas that you do not want to share with the general public, including personally identifiable information, such as your name, email address or financial information. Bazaarvoice uses User-Generated Content for Client Services, market research, product development, service improvement, fraud detection, and analytics.
Consumer Account Info.
In order to submit User-Generated Content, you may be required to create an account with the Bazaarvoice Client. During account creation, you may be asked to submit information, such as but not limited to, your name, email address, mailing address or phone number, and other data (collectively, “Consumer Account Info”). The Consumer Account Info may be collected by both Bazaarvoice and the applicable Bazaarvoice Client. Bazaarvoice uses Consumer Account Info to detect fraud and inauthentic content, as well as enable you to create User-Generated Content.
How Bazaarvoice’s Clients Use User-Generated Content and Consumer Account Info.
To understand how the Bazaarvoice Client will use such data, please consult the terms and conditions on that Client’s website (e.g. the Client’s privacy notice or privacy policy).
This includes managing your content and
verifying the authenticity of content. On behalf of our clients, we may share
information with third party fraud verification services.
Data Collection Sources and Technologies
Passive Collection.
As is true of most websites and mobile apps, we gather certain information automatically. Our technologies may collect the IP address of your computer, the pages you visit within the Bazaarvoice Network, the date and time of your visit, browser type and version, and other click-stream data (collectively “Analytics and Tracking Data”). We use the Analytics and Tracking Data to operate the Services, enable the submission of User-Generated Content, and to enable anonymous analytics and measurement reporting.
Types of Technologies on the Bazaarvoice Network.
We and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to collect information from Consumers on the Bazaarvoice Network. We do so to analyze trends, administer and track users’ movements around the Bazaarvoice Network, and to gather collective demographic information about our user base. For more information on your choices for tracking technology preferences, please see the “Opting Out” section below.
Web Beacons
. Web beacons are small, graphic images on web pages or web-based documents or in email messages. We use web beacons to determine the usefulness of the information our Services provide and to analyze general user traffic patterns. We also use web beacons as a way to transmit Consumer Account Info.
Cookies
. Bazaarvoice uses its own cookies and cookies from third parties on the Bazaarvoice Network. Bazaarvoice uses cookies to combine your data across multiple websites. You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level, but if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions of a website or service.
Precise Location Data:
If a Bazaarvoice Client has enabled such in their mobile application, your precise location may be collected with your express permission. You may opt-out of location-based services at any time by editing the setting at the device level.
Cross Device Collection:
Your information may be combined across all the devices and browsers with which you access the Bazaarvoice network.
How Bazaarvoice’s Clients Use User-Generated Content and Consumer Account Info.
The collection and use of User-Generated Content and Consumer Account Info will be governed by the terms of the Client’s website or application through which you have submitted such data. To understand how the Bazaarvoice Client to whom you have submitted User-Generated Content and Consumer Account Info will use such data, you must consult the terms and conditions on that Client’s website or application (e.g. the Client’s privacy notice or privacy policy).
Information on session cookies set by Bazaarvoice on the Bazaarvoice Network
Purpose of Cookie
Alternative (if you disable, block or opt-out)
To operate Bazaarvoice services
If cookies are disabled then Consumers may not be able to change preference settings, e.g. filtering and sorting of content or the browser will not remember these settings as users navigate the site.
To enable user-generated content submission
If cookies are disabled then Consumers may not be able to submit content.
To enable anonymous analytics & measurement reporting
If cookies are disabled or blocked then Consumers will not be tracked, via an anonymous session unique identifier within the session.
Information on persistent cookies set by Bazaarvoice and third parties on the Bazaarvoice Network
Purpose of Cookie
Alternative (if you disable, block or opt-out)
To operate Bazaarvoice services.
If cookies are disabled then the service cannot track reviews user have submitted or commented on, which may impact the ability to perform these actions. Additionally if user has chosen to have their login credentials remembered, then this feature will not work.
To enable user-generated content submission
If cookies are disabled then users may not be able to submit content or comments.
To enable anonymous analytics & measurement reporting. (“Bazaarvoice Network Cookie”)
If cookies are disabled or blocked then users will not be tracked via an anonymous unique identifier.
For a list of cookies set by Bazaarvoice on the Bazaarvoice Network,
click here
.
Information We Collect Through the Website and Business Applications (BizApps)
Information You Submit
There are various areas on the Website where you have the opportunity to provide us with information. For example, you may submit your name, email address, or phone number if you contact us or request information about Bazaarvoice or our Services. We will use the information we collect on the Website to respond to your inquiries, provide you with the requested service or information, send you marketing communications, or improve the Website.
If you use our BizApps, as part of your client account with Bazaarvoice, we may collect your personally identifiable information. For example, we may collect your name, company email address, or phone number as part of your account contact information. We will use the information we collect through the BizApps to respond to your inquiries, provide you with the requested service or information, personalize your services, send you marketing communications, or improve our website and the BizApps.
Marketing Communications. We may send marketing communications to anyone that has submitted their email address through the BizApps. You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails.
Our Website offers publicly accessible blogs. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us at
privacy@bazaarvoice.com
. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
Combination of Data.
To assist us with our marketing efforts, the personal information of our Clients, such as email address, may be combined with Passively Collected Data (see below). We may also obtain commercial data from third party sources and link this to any information you submit on our website.
Data Collection Technologies
Cookies. We use cookies or similar technologies to collect analytics and tracking information from Consumers on the Website and BizApps. Our technologies may collect the IP address of your computer, the pages you visit, the date and time of your visit, browser type and version and other click-stream data (collectively “Analytics and Tracking Data”).
Cookies.
Our cookies give us access to information about your browsing patterns, which we use to analyze general user traffic patterns. We do this so that we may determine the usefulness of the information on the Website, the effectiveness of our navigational structures and to otherwise improve the Website. You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level, but if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions of our Website or Services. To manage Flash cookies, please visit:
Macromedia
.
Passive Collection.
As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information may include Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, the files viewed on our site (e.g., HTML pages, graphics, etc.), operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data to analyze trends in the aggregate and administer the site. We may combine this automatically collected log information with other information we collect about you, such as data that you submit on our website. We do this to improve the services we offer you, to ensure secure access to the Services, improve marketing, analytics, or site functionality.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are necessary for the website to function. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
www.bazaarvoice.com
PHPSESSID
First Party
23 Days
media2.bazaarvoice.com
f5_cspm
First Party
Session
bazaarvoice.com
eupubconsent
,
OptanonAlertBoxClosed
,
OptanonConsent
,
SSESS###########
First Party
365 Days, 365 Days, 365 Days, Session
support.bazaarvoice.com
CookieConsentPolicy
,
pctrk
,
sfdc-stream
First Party
365 Days, 365 Days, A few seconds
.www.bazaarvoice.com
click_mobile
First Party
A few seconds
api-analytics-kit.bazaarvoice.com
bv_segment
First Party
6 Days
go.bazaarvoice.com
BIGipServerab_mailtracking_80
First Party
Session
connections.bazaarvoice.com
AWSELBCORS
First Party
Session
api.bazaarvoice.com
AWSELB
First Party
A few seconds
login.bazaarvoice.com
AWSALB
,
AWSALBCORS
,
JSESSIONID
First Party
7 Days, 7 Days, Session
explore.bazaarvoice.com
_session_id
,
username
First Party
A few seconds, Session
.bazaarvoice.com
_dc_gtm_UA-58071559-1
,
_dc_gtm_UA-xxxxxxxx
First Party
A few seconds, A few seconds
resources.bazaarvoice.com
__cf_bm
,
__cfduid
,
BIGipServerabaweb-nginx-app_https
,
cf_use_ob
First Party
A few seconds, 30 Days, Session, A few seconds
www.glassdoor.com
AWSALB, AWSALBCORS
Third Party
7 Days, 7 Days
cookielaw.org
__cfduid
Third Party
30 Days
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous.
Performance Cookies
engage.bazaarvoice.com
ubpv
,
ubvs
First Party
184 Days, 180 Days
apps.bazaarvoice.com
bv_metrics
First Party
A few seconds
resources.bazaarvoice.com
_hjIncludedInPageviewSample
,
_hjIncludedInSessionSample
First Party
A few seconds, A few seconds
bazaarvoice.com
_ga_xxxxxxx
,
_gac_UA-58071559-1
,
_gaexp
,
_gat_UA-
,
_hjAbsoluteSessionInProgress
,
_hjFirstSeen
,
_hjIncludedInSessionSample_2789074
,
_hjIncludedInSessionSample_xxx
,
_hjSession_xxxxxx
,
_hjSessionUser_xxxxxx
,
_hjTLDTest
,
_hp2_hld
,
BVBRANDID
,
BVBRANDSID
,
crl8.fpcuid
,
mp_xxxxxxx_mixpanel
,
oribili_user_guid
,
s_xxxx
,
ubvt
,
vid
First Party
729 Days, 90 Days, 62 Days, A few seconds, A few seconds, A few seconds, A few seconds, A few seconds, A few seconds, 364 Days, Session, A few seconds, 365 Days, A few seconds, 364 Days, 364 Days, 364 Days, 365 Days, 3 Days, 730 Days
.connections.bazaarvoice.com
__utmt
First Party
A few seconds
.bazaarvoice.com
__utma
,
__utmb
,
__utmc
,
__utmt_UA-nnnnnnnn
,
__utmv
,
__utmz
,
_ga
,
_gat
,
_gclxxxx
,
_gid
,
_mkto_trk
,
optimizelyBuckets
,
optimizelyEndUserId
,
optimizelyPendingLogEvents
,
optimizelySegments
,
s_cc
,
s_fid
,
s_invisit
,
s_nr
,
s_sq
,
s_vnum
First Party
42 Days, A few seconds, Session, A few seconds, A few seconds, A few seconds, 42 Days, A few seconds, 90 Days, 1 Day, 730 Days, 2962 Days, 2962 Days, A few seconds, 2962 Days, Session, 42 Days, A few seconds, A few seconds, Session, A few seconds
script.hotjar.com
_hjIncludedInPageviewSample, _hjIncludedInSessionSample
Third Party
A few seconds, A few seconds
s.getsmartcontent.com
AWSELB
Third Party
Session
www.earthhour.org
__cfruid
Third Party
Session
.nr-data.net
JSESSIONID
Third Party
Session
www.google-analytics.com
__utmli
Third Party
A few seconds
giphy.com
_ga, _gid
Third Party
A few seconds, 1 Day
.nasdaqgcs.d2.sc.omtrdc.net
s_vi
Third Party
42 Days
wec-assets.terminus.services
d-a8e6, s-9da4
Third Party
364 Days, A few seconds
retargetly.com
__cfduid
Third Party
30 Days
vidassets.terminus.services
d-a8e6, s-9da4
Third Party
365 Days, A few seconds
glassdoor.fr
__cfduid
Third Party
30 Days
glassdoor.de
__cfduid
Third Party
30 Days
t.co
muc_ads
Third Party
729 Days
nr-data.net
JSESSIONID
Third Party
A few seconds
appetize.io
__utma, __utmc
Third Party
730 Days, Session
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Functional Cookies
summit.bazaarvoice.com
x-bz-refresh-attendee-token
First Party
999 Days
resources.bazaarvoice.com
kppid_managed
First Party
180 Days
developer.bazaarvoice.com
has_js
First Party
Session
support.bazaarvoice.com
cookieSettingVerified
,
LSKey-c$CookieConsentPolicy
,
renderCtx
,
sfdc-stream
First Party
Session, 365 Days, Session, A few seconds
network-eu.bazaarvoice.com
BVID
,
BVSID
First Party
365 Days, A few seconds
media2.bazaarvoice.com
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
First Party
Session
config.portal.bazaarvoice.com
AWSELBCORS
First Party
Session
login.bazaarvoice.com
ACEGI_SECURITY_HASHED_REMEMBER_ME_COOKIE
,
j_clientname
,
wb_rememberme_cross_cluster_cookie
First Party
A few seconds, A few seconds, A few seconds
explore.bazaarvoice.com
_gd_session
,
_gd_svisitor
,
_gd_visitor
,
_zitok
First Party
A few seconds, 730 Days, 730 Days, 729 Days
.bazaarvoice.com
__unam
,
mp_mixpanel__c
First Party
A few seconds, A few seconds
bazaarvoice.com
__tld__
,
_gd
,
_gd#############
,
_pf_id.88a2
,
_pf_ses.88a2
,
_sp_id.xxxx
,
_sp_root_domain_test_xxxxxxxxxxxxx
,
_sp_ses.xxxx
,
ajs%3Acookies
,
ajs%3Atest
,
dc
,
mkt_lang
,
mp_412f41b9a2f5b1a17e172e08ee7b3691_mixpanel
,
sessionstack-active-window-id-5f5d871792f2450fa6ffee1763e87813
,
sessionstack-cto-status-5f5d871792f2450fa6ffee1763e87813
First Party
Session, Session, Session, 729 Days, A few seconds, 729 Days, Session, A few seconds, 365 Days, 365 Days, Session, 365 Days, 364 Days, 365 Days, A few seconds
portal.bazaarvoice.com
__sessionstack_persistent_storage_test_value__
,
sessionstack-session-id-5f5d871792f2450fa6ffee1763e87813
First Party
Session, Session
www.bazaarvoice.com
__distillery
,
_webeo_trk
,
gsci
,
gscv
First Party
365 Days, 364 Days, 42 Days, 42 Days
blog.bazaarvoice.com
__atuvc
,
__atuvs
First Party
A few seconds, A few seconds
.flickr.com
BX, xb
Third Party
A few seconds, A few seconds
jukebox.pathfactory.com
_session_id
Third Party
730 Days
js.zi-scripts.com
_zitok
Third Party
729 Days
vimeo.com
__cf_bm, player, vuid
Third Party
A few seconds, 364 Days, 730 Days
scripts.webeo.com
_webeo_trk
Third Party
364 Days
spotify.com
sp_landing, sp_t
Third Party
A few seconds, 364 Days
zoominfo.com
__cf_bm, __cfduid
Third Party
A few seconds, 30 Days
exchange.mediavine.com
mv_tokens_eu-v1
Third Party
13 Days
ws.zoominfo.com
_pxhd
Third Party
Session
www.recaptcha.net
_GRECAPTCHA
Third Party
179 Days
drive.google.com
DRIVE_STREAM
Third Party
Session
sessionstack.com
__cfduid
Third Party
30 Days
webeo-web-content.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com
_webeo_trk
Third Party
364 Days
accounts.google.com
GAPS
Third Party
A few seconds
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our website by our advertising partners. Data may be collected by these companies that enables them to serve up advertisements on other sites that are relevant to your interests.
Targeting Cookies
resources.bazaarvoice.com
ln_or
First Party
A few seconds
explore.bazaarvoice.com
drift_aid
,
drift_campaign_refresh
,
driftt_aid
First Party
730 Days, A few seconds, 730 Days
.network.bazaarvoice.com
BVID
,
BVSID
First Party
A few seconds, A few seconds
bazaarvoice.com
_gat_UA-XXXXXX-X
,
_hp2_id.##########
,
_hp2_ses_props.##########
,
NoCookie
,
pt_
First Party
A few seconds, 394 Days, A few seconds, A few seconds, A few seconds
.bazaarvoice.com
_fbp
,
_gat_gtag_xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
,
_gat_xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
,
awxxxx
,
BVBRANDID
,
BVBRANDSID
,
trwsa.sid
First Party
90 Days, A few seconds, A few seconds, 365 Days, A few seconds, A few seconds, A few seconds
blog.bazaarvoice.com
_bizo_bzid
,
_bizo_cksm
,
_bizo_np_stats
First Party
A few seconds, A few seconds, A few seconds
www.bazaarvoice.com
__d_mkto
,
_an_uid
,
BVImplmain_site
,
d-a8e6
,
DFTT_END_USER_PREV_BOOTSTRAPPED
,
driftt_sid
,
GoogleAdServingTest
First Party
A few seconds, 7 Days, Session, 365 Days, 730 Days, A few seconds, Session
js.driftt.com
__d_mkto, DFTT_END_USER_PREV_BOOTSTRAPPED, drift_aid, drift_campaign_refresh, driftt_aid, driftt_sid
Third Party
A few seconds, 730 Days, 730 Days, A few seconds, 730 Days, A few seconds
securepubads.g.doubleclick.net
GoogleAdServingTest
Third Party
Session
.rlcdn.com
ck1, drtn1399496756, drtn1819318137, rlas3, rtn1-z
Third Party
A few seconds, A few seconds, A few seconds, A few seconds, A few seconds
krxd.net
_kuid_
Third Party
180 Days
adswizz.com
OAID
Third Party
30 Days
s7.addthis.com
__atrfs, __atuvc, __atuvs
Third Party
A few seconds, 396 Days, A few seconds
j.6sc.co
_an_uid, _gd#############, _gd_session, _gd_svisitor, _gd_visitor
Third Party
7 Days, A few seconds, A few seconds, 730 Days, 730 Days
app-ab13.marketo.com
__cf_bm
Third Party
A few seconds
.tapad.com
TapAd_DID, TapAd_TS, TapAd_TTD_SYNC
Third Party
A few seconds, A few seconds, A few seconds
.linkedin.com
__qca, __utma, __utmv, __utmz, awxxxx, bcookie, lidc
Third Party
A few seconds, A few seconds, A few seconds, A few seconds, 30 Days, 731 Days, 1 Day
.twitter.com
__utma, __utmz, auth_token, guest_id, remember_checked, remember_checked_on, secure_session, twll
Third Party
A few seconds, A few seconds, 4932 Days, A few seconds, 1280 Days, 1280 Days, 4932 Days, 1280 Days
.doubleclick.net
id, IDE, test_cookie
Third Party
A few seconds, 390 Days, A few seconds
targeting.unrulymedia.com
_rxuuid
Third Party
365 Days
.crwdcntrl.net
_cc_aud, _cc_cc, _cc_dc, _cc_id
Third Party
A few seconds, A few seconds, A few seconds, A few seconds
.semasio.net
SEUNCY
Third Party
A few seconds
platform.linkedin.com
IN_HASH
Third Party
Session
agkn.com
ab, u
Third Party
365 Days, 365 Days
.fast.wistia.com
awxxxx
Third Party
A few seconds
.demdex.net
demdex
Third Party
A few seconds
1rx.io
_rxuuid
Third Party
365 Days
.app-aba.marketo.com
__cf_bm, __cfduid
Third Party
A few seconds, A few seconds
.google.com
APISID, HSID, NID, PREF, SAPISID, SID, SSID
Third Party
A few seconds, A few seconds, 183 Days, A few seconds, A few seconds, A few seconds, A few seconds
cdn.syndication.twimg.com
lang
Third Party
Session
advertising.com
APID
Third Party
366 Days
ads.linkedin.com
lang
Third Party
Session
.serving-sys.com
ActivityInfo2, u2
Third Party
A few seconds, A few seconds
.mathtag.com
uuid, uuidc
Third Party
A few seconds, A few seconds
openx.net
i
Third Party
365 Days
.ads.linkedin.com
awxxxx, BizoData, BizoID, BizoUserMatchHistory, JSESSIONID, lang
Third Party
Session, A few seconds, A few seconds, A few seconds, Session, Session
adnxs.com
anj, uuid2
Third Party
90 Days, 90 Days
ads.stickyadstv.com
sessionId, UID, uid-bp-xxxxx
Third Party
Session, 30 Days, 60 Days
analytics.yahoo.com
IDSYNC
Third Party
366 Days
sjrtp6.marketo.com
BIGipServersjrtp6_http
Third Party
A few seconds
taboola.com
t_gid
Third Party
365 Days
.dpm.demdex.net
dpm
Third Party
A few seconds
exchange.mediavine.com
centro
Third Party
13 Days
snowplow.com
sp
Third Party
364 Days
.adsrvr.org
TDCPM, TDID
Third Party
A few seconds, A few seconds
.everesttech.net
everest_g_v2
Third Party
A few seconds
demdex.net
demdex
Third Party
180 Days
.taboola.com
t_gid, taboola_usg
Third Party
A few seconds, A few seconds
crwdcntrl.net
_cc_aud, _cc_cc, _cc_dc, _cc_id
Third Party
270 Days, Session, 270 Days, 270 Days
.scorecardresearch.com
UID, UIDR
Third Party
720 Days, 720 Days
addthis.com
loc, uvc, xtc
Third Party
396 Days, 396 Days, 396 Days
bfmio.com
__181_cid, __ioxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Third Party
364 Days, 364 Days
postrelease.com
opt_out
Third Party
365 Days
3lift.com
tluid
Third Party
90 Days
accounts.bizzabo.com
gaCookie, gaCookie_gid
Third Party
729 Days, A few seconds
.s.clickability.com
ld, vid
Third Party
24167 Days, 24167 Days
6sc.co
6suuid
Third Party
730 Days
retargetly.com
_rlid, _rlsnc
Third Party
180 Days, A few seconds
.addthis.com
bt2, di2, loc, mus, na_id, na_tc, uid, uvc, vc, xtc
Third Party
A few seconds, A few seconds, 397 Days, A few seconds, 42 Days, 42 Days, A few seconds, 397 Days, A few seconds, A few seconds
adsrvr.org
TDCPM, TDID
Third Party
365 Days, 365 Days
www.glassdoor.com
ARPNTS, ARPNTS_AB, ARPNTS-API
Third Party
A few seconds, Session, Session
smartadserver.com
csync, pid, TestIfCookieP
Third Party
395 Days, 395 Days, 395 Days
com
_fbp
Third Party
90 Days
bh.contextweb.com
INGRESSCOOKIE
Third Party
Session
.bluekai.com
bkdc, bku
Third Party
A few seconds, A few seconds
pro-market.net
anProfile
Third Party
180 Days
google.com
_GRECAPTCHA, CONSENT, NID
Third Party
180 Days, 729 Days, 183 Days
match.rundsp.com
RUN_ID
Third Party
A few seconds
i.liadm.com
_li_ss
Third Party
30 Days
www.linkedin.com
bscookie, visit
Third Party
730 Days, A few seconds
bidr.io
bito, bitoIsSecure, checkForPermission
Third Party
A few seconds, A few seconds, A few seconds
www.facebook.com
Third Party
Session
.eyeota.net
mako_uid
Third Party
A few seconds
facebook.com
fr
Third Party
90 Days
.adform.net
uid
Third Party
A few seconds
.agkn.com
ab
Third Party
A few seconds
okt.to
oktgid, oktsid
Third Party
364 Days, Session
lijit.com
_ljtrtb_16, ljt_reader
Third Party
364 Days, 365 Days
outbrain.com
centro, obuid
Third Party
29 Days, 89 Days
.facebook.com
datr, fr, lu
Third Party
A few seconds, 90 Days, A few seconds
sitescout.com
_ssuma, ssi
Third Party
30 Days, 365 Days
doubleclick.net
_uetsid, _uetvid, IDE, test_cookie
Third Party
1 Day, 16 Days, 390 Days, A few seconds
s.clickability.com
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbb, JSESSIONID, Stats_Session
Third Party
Session, Session, Session
spotxchange.com
audience
Third Party
365 Days
t.tailtarget.com
_ssc
Third Party
1 Day
dpm.demdex.net
dpm
Third Party
180 Days
www.google.com
_GRECAPTCHA
Third Party
180 Days
.yieldlab.net
id
Third Party
A few seconds
.t.sharethis.com
pxcelBcnLcy, pxcelPage_c010
Third Party
Session, A few seconds
twitter.com
personalization_id
Third Party
A few seconds
company-target.com
tuuid, tuuid_lu
Third Party
730 Days, 730 Days
.google.co.uk
APISID, HSID, NID, PREF, SAPISID, SID, SSID
Third Party
A few seconds, A few seconds, A few seconds, A few seconds, A few seconds, A few seconds, A few seconds
.sharethis.com
__stid
Third Party
A few seconds
syndication.twitter.com
lang
Third Party
Session
.bing.com
MUID
Third Party
390 Days
bat.bing.com
BVxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx, MR
Third Party
390 Days, 6 Days
youtube.com
CONSENT, DEVICE_INFO, GPS, VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE, VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA, YSC
Third Party
6113 Days, 179 Days, A few seconds, 180 Days, 179 Days, Session
.lijit.com
ljt_reader
Third Party
A few seconds
eyeota.net
mako_uid, SERVERID
Third Party
364 Days, A few seconds
pubmatic.com
KRTBCOOKIE_xxxx, PUBMDCID, PugT
Third Party
180 Days, 90 Days, 30 Days
.company-target.com
tuuid, tuuid_lu
Third Party
730 Days, 730 Days
bing.com
MUID
Third Party
390 Days
.krxd.net
_kuid_
Third Party
180 Days
fast.wistia.com
awxxxx
Third Party
A few seconds
casalemedia.com
CMID, CMPRO, CMPS, CMRUM3, CMST, CMTS
Third Party
365 Days, 90 Days, 90 Days, 365 Days, 1 Day, 89 Days
yahoo.com
A3, APID, APIDTS, B
Third Party
365 Days, 268 Days, 1 Day, 365 Days
undertone.com
UID_EXT_xx
Third Party
365 Days
app-aba.marketo.com
__cf_bm, __cfduid, awxxxx, BIGipServerabaweb_app_https, BIGipServerabaweb-nginx-app_https
Third Party
A few seconds, 30 Days, Session, Session, Session
tapad.com
TapAd_3WAY_SYNCS, TapAd_DID, TapAd_TS
Third Party
60 Days, 60 Days, 60 Days
sharethrough.com
stx_user_id
Third Party
365 Days
linkedin.com
AnalyticsSyncHistory, bcookie, lang, li_gc, li_sugr, lidc, lissc, UserMatchHistory
Third Party
30 Days, 730 Days, Session, 723 Days, 89 Days, 1 Day, 365 Days, 30 Days
.bidr.io
bito, bitoIsSecure
Third Party
395 Days, 395 Days
.www.linkedin.com
bscookie
Third Party
731 Days
.adnxs.com
anj, sess, uuid2
Third Party
A few seconds, A few seconds, A few seconds
.ml314.com
pi, tp, u
Third Party
A few seconds, A few seconds, A few seconds
Social Media Cookies
These cookies track the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns on social media networks.
Social Media Cookies
m.tiktok.com
csrf_session_id
Third Party
Session
www.tiktok.com
csrf_session_id, MONITOR_WEB_ID, s_v_web_id, s_xxxx
Third Party
Session, 90 Days, Session, Session
byteoversea.com
msToken
Third Party
9 Days
tiktok.com
_abck, ak_bmsc, bm_sv, bm_sz, msToken, s_v_web_id, s_xxxx, tt_csrf_token, tt_webid, tt_webid_v2, ttwid
Third Party
365 Days, A few seconds, A few seconds, A few seconds, 9 Days, Session, Session, Session, 365 Days, 365 Days, 365 Days
tiktokv.com
msToken
Third Party
10 Days
s20.tiktokcdn.com
R6kq3TV7
Third Party
365 Days
instagram.com
mid
Third Party
729 Days
Third Party Technologies.
The Website and BizApps use cookies or similar technologies of third party providers to assist us with analyzing site traffic and help us determine the effectiveness of content on our site.
Local Storage.
We and our partners use Local Storage Objects (LSOs) such as HTML5 and Flash to store content information and preferences. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 LSOs. To manage Flash LSOs please click
here
.
Combination of Data.
To assist us with our marketing efforts, the personal information of our Clients, such as email address, may be combined with Passively Collected Data. We do not supplement/append the data we collect with additional data received from third party sources.
Information We Collect from Social Media
We partner with a number of the major social media sites. If you use these sites, and have given permission for those sites to share your content with third parties, Bazaarvoice will be one of those third parties with access.
We look for social media content that may be of interest to our client brands and retailers. We do not collect content that do not meet these criteria. Where we identify such content we may “pull” the content from the social media site to store on our platform, along with a small amount of information such as social media handle, IP address and name, email address, location and age if available. We use this to develop an index of appropriate content via our Analytics Services. These Analytics Services are based on analyzing large sets of unstructured text data/images. This means that, while processing personal data is not the core point of the Analytics Services, it is likely that there is personal data in data that forms part of the Analytics Services. Where this content is suitable for our partner brands or retailers, we will contact you to obtain permission before we share or otherwise use your content or information.
Among other social media partners we work with YouTube and use their API services. Any content we source from YouTube or that is shared with YouTube must comply with the YouTube terms of service: https://www.youtube.com/t/term. YouTube content is governed by the Google Privacy Policy:
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy
Opting Out
Opting Out of Data Use by Bazaarvoice.
We make available a Bazaarvoice “opt-out” cookie that we will respect by not collecting Analytics and Tracking Data on that browser across the Bazaarvoice Network. Please click the button below to opt-out. Please note, if you have cookies disabled the following opt-out will not be effective.
Opt Out
You have opted out
You are currently opted out of Bazaarvoice collecting Social Commerce Preference data. This means that Bazaarvoice is not tracking your preferences. If you would like to opt back in to the program for transparency and control, click the
Opt In
button below.
You have opted in
You are currently opted in to Bazaarvoice collecting Social Commerce Preference data. This means that Bazaarvoice is tracking your preferences. If you would like to opt back out to the program for transparency and control, click the
Opt Out
button above.
Opt In
Something went wrong
We are sorry, but we have not been able to verify your opt-out status at this time. Please refresh the page and try again, or send an email to
privacy@bazaarvoice.com
.
Opting Out of Marketing Communications.
If you receive marketing communications from Bazaarvoice regarding Bazaarvoice products and service offerings and would no longer like to be contacted by us, please use the “unsubscribe” functionality in the marketing email or complete the form
here
. If you receive marketing communications from one of our Clients and would no longer like to be contacted by them, please contact that Client directly.
Access, Correct or Delete Your Information or Exercise Your Jurisdiction’s Privacy Rights
Bazaarvoice has no direct relationship with the Consumers whose personal data it processes on behalf of our Clients. If you would like to access, correct, amend, or delete Consumer Account Info or User-Generated Content submitted through a Client, please contact that Client directly. If the Client requests Bazaarvoice to remove the data, we will respond to their request within a reasonable timeframe.
If you have a direct relationship with Bazaarvoice would like to access, correct, amend or delete any of your personally identifiable information collected or held by Bazaarvoice via its Bizapps or Website or exercise the data privacy rights applicable to your jurisdiction, please log into your account or you may email
privacy@bazaarvoice.com
. We will respond to such requests within a reasonable timeframe.
Please note that in certain circumstances we may be required by law to retain your personal information or to continue providing a service.
Do Not Track
Bazaarvoice adheres to the standards of this Privacy Policy and does not currently acknowledge or take action based on Do Not Track headers.
Children
We do not knowingly collect information from children less than 13 years of age. If we become aware of any collection of personal information from children, we will delete it immediately.
Disclosure of Information
We will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy policy, unless we otherwise obtain your consent.
Consumer Account Info may be made available to our Clients in certain circumstances. For example, if you submit a question about a product to a website on the Bazaarvoice Network, the question and your email address will be shared with the company that controls the website that the question was submitted to, the product manufacturer, or retailer to help answer the question.
We disclose User-Generated Content, Consumer Account Info and aggregated and anonymized data to third-party service providers (e.g., email service providers, data storage and processing facilities) in order for those service providers to perform business functions for us or on our behalf. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
We disclose User-Generated Content, and aggregated and anonymized data to our partners for use in their products and services. For example, we provide reviews about retailers to Google for use in Google’s products and services.
We may also disclose your personal information as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena or other legal process, when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government or public authority’s request,
including to meet national security or law enforcement
requirements
.
Finally, any information in our possession or control will be disclosed in connection with any merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of company assets, or other business transaction in which data could be transferred to third parties as one of our business assets. You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have.
We may also disclose your personal information to any third party with your prior consent.
Data Retention
Unless consent is withdrawn earlier, we retain all personal information collected by or provided to us through the Bazaarvoice Network, the Website and the BizApps until the information is no longer necessary to: provide our Clients with services; respond to your requests; authenticate your identity across the Bazaarvoice Network (e.g. for use with social authentication); monitor for fraudulent activity; and, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
We use third-party cloud services to store and host our information. During the
transit internet traffic, personal data may pass through one or more content
delivery networks who hold data temporarily to ensure a seamless transfer.
We
also use third party email and contacts management services for any commercial
and client data.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted standards to protect personal information and use data security measures that are designed to protect the information we collect from unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. Please be aware, however, that no data security measures can be guaranteed to be completely effective. Consequently, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information.
Bazaarvoice Supplemental Privacy Policy for California Residents
The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), which is effective as of January 1, 2020, regulates how we handle personal information of California residents and gives California residents certain rights with respect to their personal information.
The following supplemental privacy policy applies to information Bazaarvoice collects in our role as a “business”—which is when we interact directly with you.
This supplemental privacy policy shall apply only to residents of California, and may be subject to change. The general privacy policy shall continue to apply to the extent that it applies to you as a resident of California. If you are a resident of California, we are required to disclose certain uses and disclosures in a certain format, as well as to inform you of certain rights you may have. Any capitalized terms used in this supplemental privacy policy shall have the same meaning as in the general privacy policy.
Information We May Collect.
We may collect the following categories of personal information:
Category
Collected by Bazaarvoice
Categories Collected
Identifiers
Yes
Name, nickname, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address
Personal Information
Yes
Name, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number
Protected classification characteristics
Yes
Date of birth, race, sex, pregnancy, childbirth
Commercial information
Yes
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies
Biometric information
No
—
Internet or other similar network activity
Yes
Consumer’s interaction with a website
Geolocation data
Yes
Physical location
Sensory data
No
—
Professional or employment-related
No
—
Non-public educational
No
—
Inferences drawn from other personal information
No
—
For each category of information, we collect such information from a variety of sources, including directly from you, from your devices, and/or from third party providers. We collect the information to provide you with services, protect you and our Client, and to improve the services.
Business Disclosures by Bazaarvoice.
We have disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose (auditing interactions with consumers, security, debugging/repair, certain short-term uses, performing services, internal research for tech development, and/or quality and safety maintenance and verification) in the 12 months prior to this Policy’s last update:
Category
Disclosed for Business Purpose
Categories Collected
Identifiers
Yes
Name, nickname, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address
Personal Information
Yes
Name, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number
Protected classification characteristics
Yes
Date of birth, race, sex, pregnancy, childbirth
Commercial information
Yes
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies
Biometric information
No
—
Internet or other similar network activity
Yes
Consumer’s interaction with a website
Geolocation data
Yes
Physical location
Sensory data
No
—
Professional or employment-related
No
—
Non-public educational
No
—
Inferences drawn from other personal information
No
—
Commercial Disclosures or Personal Information Sold by Bazaarvoice.
As of the date of this policy, Bazaarvoice is not selling personal information and has not sold any personal information in the prior 12 months.
Aggregated or Deidentified Data.
Please take note, we may aggregate or otherwise strip data of all personally identifying characteristics and may share that aggregated, deidentified data with third parties.
Your Rights as a California Resident:
You may have certain rights with respect to your personal information, including:
The right to access, including the right to know the categories and specific pieces of personal information we collect;
The right to deletion of your personal information, subject to certain limitations under applicable law;
The right to request disclosure of information collected;
The right to disclosure of information disclosed for valuable consideration;
The right to opt out of sales of personal information;
The right not to be discriminated against for exercising certain rights under California law; and
Under California’s “Shine the Light” law, California residents who provide personal information in obtaining products or services for personal, family, or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us once a calendar year information about the customer information we shared, if any, with other businesses for their own direct marketing use. If applicable, this information would include the categories of customer information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared customer information for the immediately prior calendar year (e.g., requests made in 2020 will receive information regarding 2019 sharing activities). Please be aware that not all sharing activities are covered by the Shine the Light law and only covered information will be included in our response.
Methods to Exercise Your Rights as a California Resident:
To exercise any of these rights, please read the Access, Correct or Delete Your Information or Exercise Your Jurisdiction’s Privacy Rights section
above
. Please be as specific as possible in relation to the personal information you wish to access. Once we receive your request, we will review it, determine whether we can verify your identity, and process the request accordingly. If we need additional information to verify your identity, we will let you know. We will respond to your request within 45 days of receipt, or notify you if we require additional time.
If you would prefer, you may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf.
Bazaarvoice Supplemental Privacy Policy for European Economic Area Residents
If the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 known as the General Data Protection Regulations (“GDPR”) is applicable to you, e.g. you are a natural person residing within the European Economic Area or your personal data is processed by us on behalf of a controller residing in European Economic Area (“Data Subject”), the following additional rights are applicable to you:
Controller:
When you leave a review for a product, the controller of your personal data is the client of Bazaarvoice. This may be the manufacturer of the product you are reviewing or a retailer to this product; if you want to know who the controller is in these cases, please contact the client directly. However, if you are a member of the TryIt sampling community, Bazaarvoice is the controller of your personal data and you may log into your account to view or delete you data. If you have trouble accessing your account you can contact Bazaarvoice at
privacy@bazaarvoice.com
or by post at Bazaarvoice, Inc 10901 Stonelake Blvd Austin, TX 78759.
Personal Data:
For the purposes of this section, “Personal Data” means collectively personal data as defined by Art. 4 Nr. 1 GDPR, which you have provided to, or otherwise collected by, Bazaarvoice when you use and otherwise access the Service, listed above in section “Bazaarvoice Supplemental Privacy Policy for California Residents”, subsection “Information We May Collect”. Please see also sections “Types of Technologies on the Bazaarvoice Network” and “Information We Collect Through the Website” above.
Purpose of the processing is (i) to provide you with the possibility to view our website and (ii) in case of ratings and reviews, to collect ratings and reviews of products.
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data for our Website:
In case of just viewing our website the legal basis for processing your personal data is our legitimate interest Art. 6 section 1 sentence 1 lit. f GDPR which includes, but is not limited to, providing you with the possibility to view our website, operation of our business and services, improving products and services, analysing performance of our systems, debugging, troubleshooting and providing customer support; in case this includes cookies or other technology to which you have given consent, the legal basis of our processing of your personal data insofar is your consent. You must be at least the age of 16 to consent to the processing of you Personal Data. If you are under the age of 16, you must obtain you parent’s or legal guardian’s permission to consent to the processing. In other occasions, we may process information when we need to do so to fulfill a contract or where it is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject to.
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data for services we perform on behalf of our clients:
If you take part in one of our offerings we provide to clients (e.g. ratings and reviews, vox box, tryIt and others) the legal basis normally is your consent. We may also process personal data on behalf of our clients as it is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the controller is subject to.
Recipients in case of viewing our website only:
If you only view our website we are recipients of your personal data.
Recipients for services we perform on behalf of our clients:
In case of services we perform for our clients, the recipients are our respective clients and those third parties they provide the information to. Please contact respective client for details. As long as we provide the data to third parties on behalf of our clients and as part of our standard services to them, we only distribute a limited set of information. In case of ratings and reviews this is: username (not your email address, but the nickname you have provided to us), the actual rating and the actual review. In case of tryIt, we will provide on behalf of our clients to companies actually sending the box to you, your postal address. If you rate and review the products sent to you, this rating and review will be handled as described in this paragraph before. Depending on their services to us, our subcontractors can be recipients to your personal data. All of them are bound be respective agreements.
Transfer to third countries:
Your data will be transferred to the USA; the primary safeguard is the EU Standard Contractual Clauses with the client.
Storage period:
(i) in case of only viewing our webpage, we will delete your personal data during the three weeks after your visit to our website, unless we have legal dispute between you and us, where we reserve the right to process your data during the legal dispute and the respective retention period thereafter; (ii) in case of services we provide to our clients, we store your personal data up to 210 days after contract end between the client and us. If there is any legal dispute between you and our client, the data may be stored for the time of the legal dispute and the retention period thereafter.
Access, rectification:
You may access, correct, or modify the Personal Data you provided to Bazaarvoice and associated with your account. You may do so by visiting the Access, Correct or Delete Your Information or Exercise Your Jurisdiction’s Privacy Rights section
above
.
Forgotten:
You may request to have your Personal Data erased, or otherwise request that your Personal Data not be processed. Please note that the Service, or parts of the Service, may become inaccessible or otherwise not function properly if you request to have your Personal Data erased or not be processed. You may do so by visiting the Access, Correct or Delete Your Information or Exercise Your Jurisdiction’s Privacy Rights section
above
.
Object, Restrict, or Withdraw Consent:
You may withdraw consent you previously provided to Bazaarvoice or otherwise object to or restrict the processing of your Personal Data. Please note that the Service, or parts of the Service, may become inaccessible or otherwise not function properly if you withdraw certain consents or otherwise object to ro restrict the processing of your Personal Data. Your withdrawal of consent shall not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You may do so by visiting the Access, Correct or Delete Your Information or Exercise Your Jurisdiction’s Privacy Rights section
above
.
Portability:
You may request to receive a copy of the Personal Data you have previously provided to us during your use of our Services. You may do so by visiting the Access, Correct or Delete Your Information or Exercise Your Jurisdiction’s Privacy Rights section
above
.
Supervisory Authority:
If you wish to raise a concern about our use of your information (and without prejudice to any other rights you may have), you have the right to do so with your local supervisory authority.
In case of any rating and review you provide to a client of us via our services, the provision of your personal data is a statutory requirement, as we are required by law to authenticate your rating and review. You are not obliged to provide this data but failing to do so has the consequence that your rating and review will be rejected and deleted.
There is no automated decision making as described in Art. 22 GDPR to your personal data.
Certifications and Codes of Conduct
Bazaarvoice has obtained the following certifications and/or follows these voluntary codes of conduct:
EU-U.S., U.K.-US & Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles
Bazaarvoice is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC). Where applicable, Bazaarvoice complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.  Bazaarvoice has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  Bazaarvoice has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework program, and to view our certification, please visit the
Data Privacy Framework website
.
In compliance with the Data Privacy Frameworks,
EU and UK individuals and
Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal
data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S.
DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact Bazaarvoice at
privacy@bazaarvoice.com
.
In certain circumstances you may invoke binding arbitration to address your
concern.
Bazaarvoice
commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our
handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK
Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to
TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States, from whom you may invoke a binding arbitration.
The
services of
TRUSTe
are provided at no cost to you.
If you do not receive timely
acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have
not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please
visit
this page
for more information or to file a complaint.
You can contact
TRUSTe
at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
Bazaarvoice is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the
Federal Trade Commission (FTC) and is liable under the Data Privacy Frameworks
in cases of onward transfers to third parties.
Where required, Bazaarvoice uses the Standard Contractual Clauses for transfer of data from the European Economic Area to other countries.
Other Information
The Website includes links to other websites whose privacy practices may differ from those of Bazaarvoice. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, their privacy statements govern your information. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy statement of any website you visit.
Updates to this Policy
We may update this policy from time to time to reflect changes to our information practices. When we do, we will also revise the “last updated” date at the beginning of the policy. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account, if applicable) or by means of a notice on this website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to review this policy periodically to stay informed on our privacy practices.
Contacting Us
You may contact us at any time via email at
privacy@bazaarvoice.com
or by mail to:
<Bazaarvoice, Inc.
ATTN: Legal Dept
10901 Stonelake Blvd
Austin, TX 78759
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
Want to answer questions at retailer websites?
Respond to consumer questions in real-time.
Get started with Connections now
Looking to sample and review products?
Receive products from your favorite brands in exchange for honest reviews.
Join our Influenster community
Close
Get started
Tell us a little about yourself, and our sales team will be in touch shortly.
*
Business email:
*
Company name:
*
First name:
*
Last name:
*
Job title:
*
Phone number:
*
Country:
Select...
United States
United Kingdom
Afghanistan
Aland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua And Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia, Plurinational State Of
Bolivia
Bonaire, Saint Eustatius And Saba
Bosnia And Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo, The Democratic Republic Of The
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea-Bissau
Guinea
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island And Mcdonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran, Islamic Republic Of
Iraq
Ireland
Island
Isle Of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, Democratic People's Republic
Korea, Republic Of
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia, Former Yugoslav Republic
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia, Federated States Of
Moldova, Republic Of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Nigeria
Niger
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory, Occupied
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthelemy
Saint Helena, Ascension And Tristan Da Cunha
Saint Kitts And Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Maarten (Dutch Part)
Saint Martin (French Part)
Saint Pierre And Miquelon
Saint Vincent And The Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome And Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia And The South Sandwich Islands
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard And Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan, Province Of China
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic Of
Tanzania
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad And Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks And Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City State
Venezuela
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands, British
Virgin Islands, U.S.
Wallis And Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
*
Please select the product(s) in which you have an interest:
Ratings & Reviews
Product Sampling
Social Commerce
Contextual Commerce
Creator Marketing
Something else
Submit
Want to answer questions at retailer websites?
Respond to consumer questions in real-time.
Get started with Connections now
Looking to sample and review products?
Receive products from your favorite brands in exchange for honest reviews.
Join our Influenster community
Thank You
Thank you for your interest in Bazaarvoice. A member of our team will be in touch shortly to talk about how Bazaarvoice can help you reach your business goals.
This website uses cookies to enhance the user experience, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. For more information, read our
privacy policy
.
Accept all cookies
Cookie settings
How Bazaarvoice Uses Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Performance Cookies
Functional Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Social Media Cookies
How Bazaarvoice Uses Cookies
Cookies give us access to information about your browsing patterns, which we use to personalize your experience and to analyze general user traffic patterns. We do this so that we may determine the usefulness of the information on our website, the effectiveness of our navigational structures, and to support our marketing campaigns. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may limit your use of certain features or functions of our website or services.
Our Privacy Policy
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our website by our advertising partners. Data may be collected by these companies that enables them to serve up advertisements on other sites that are relevant to your interests.
Social Media Cookies
These cookies track the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns on social media networks.
Back Button
Back
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-policy 3
https://firebase.google.com/terms/crashlytics/:
Skip to main content
firebase.google.com uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Build
More
Run
More
Solutions
Pricing
Docs
More
Community
More
Support
Go to console
Developer Support
Contact Support
Scope of no-cost support
Support Guides
Overview
FAQ
Security checklist
Launch checklist
Firebase-related service accounts
Troubleshoot initialization options
Enable the AdSupport framework
Dynamic Links deprecation
Deprecation FAQ
Export Dynamic Links metadata
Migrate to App Links & Universal Links
Migrate from Parse
Android
iOS+
Cloud Audit Logs
Firebase Management
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase App Check
Firebase Security Rules
Firebase Realtime Database
Android Device Streaming
Recent Changes and Updates
Release Notes
iOS Release Notes
Android Release Notes
JavaScript Release Notes
Flutter Release Notes
C++ Release Notes
Unity Release Notes
Admin Node.
js Release Notes
Admin Java Release Notes
Admin Python Release Notes
Admin Go Release Notes
Admin .
NET Release Notes
Security Rules Release Notes
Firebase CLI Release Notes
Policies for changes and versioning
Overview
Introducing and communicating changes
Versioning and maintenance
Legal Information
Terms of Service
Paid Services Terms
Data Processing and Security Terms
Firebase: Standard Contractual Clauses
Service Level Agreement for Hosting and Realtime Database
Cloud Storage for Firebase Service Level Agreement
Firebase App Indexing User Data Policy
Crashlytics and App Distribution Terms
Firebase Subprocessors
Privacy and Security Information
Privacy and Security in Firebase
Designate Data Protection Officers and EU Representatives
Firebase Data Privacy Inquiries
Manage Instance ID data
Clear and export users' data
Storing privacy settings with Firebase
Build
Go to Build
Build Products
App Check
App Hosting
Authentication
Cloud Functions
Cloud Storage
Data Connect
Extensions
Firebase ML
Firestore
Genkit
Hosting
Realtime Database
Vertex AI in Firebase
Generative AI
Run
Go to Run
Run Products
A/B Testing
App Distribution
Cloud Messaging
Crashlytics
Google Analytics
In-App Messaging
Performance Monitoring
Remote Config
Test Lab
Overview
Fundamentals
Build
Run
Reference
Samples
Learn
Events
Stories
Firebase
Support
Send feedback
FIREBASE CRASHLYTICS AND FIREBASE APP DISTRIBUTION TERMS OF SERVICE
bookmark_border
bookmark
Stay organized with collections
Save and categorize content based on your preferences.
On this page
SECTION 1. OVERVIEW OF THE SERVICES
SECTION 2. SPECIFIC TERMS FOR DEVELOPERS
SECTION 3. ACCESS FOR TESTERS
SECTION 4. WARRANTY, LIABILITY & INDEMNITY
SECTION 5. TERM AND TERMINATION
SECTION 6. MISCELLANEOUS
Last Updated: June 1, 2023
|
Previous versions
This Firebase Crashlytics and Firebase App Distribution Terms of Service
(the "
Agreement
") is entered into by "
Google
"
(defined as either: (a) Google Ireland Limited, with offices at Gordon House,
Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, if Your principal place of business (for
entities) or place of residence (for individuals) is in any country within
Europe, the Middle East, or Africa ("
EMEA
"), (b) Google Asia Pacific
Pte. Ltd., with offices at 8 Marina View Asia Square 1 #30-01 Singapore 018960,
if Your principal place of business (for entities) or place of residence (for
individuals) is in any country within the Asia Pacific region ("
APAC
"),
or (c) Google LLC, with offices at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View,
California 94043, if Your principal place of business (for entities) or place
of residence (for individuals) is in any country in the world other than those
in EMEA and APAC) and you ("
Developer
" or "
You
") and governs
your access and use of the Services as more fully described below. If You are
accessing or using the Services on behalf of a
company or other legal entity, You represent and warrant that You are an
authorized representative of that entity and have the authority to bind such
entity to this Agreement, in which case the terms "Developer" and "You" shall
refer to such entity. You and Google hereby agree as follows:
YOUR RIGHT TO ACCESS AND USE THE SERVICES IS EXPRESSLY CONDITIONED ON
ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT. BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO
BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU ARE ACCESSING OR USING THE SERVICES ON
BEHALF OF YOUR EMPLOYER OR ANOTHER ENTITY ("ENTITY"), YOU AGREE TO PROVIDE
GOOGLE WITH THE NAME OF THE ENTITY AND OBTAIN GOOGLE'S APPROVAL TO
USE THE SOFTWARE ON YOUR BEHALF AND BEHALF OF THE ENTITY AND YOU AGREE TO
REMAIN RESPONSIBLE AND LIABLE FOR YOUR AND SUCH ENTITY'S COMPLIANCE WITH THIS
AGREEMENT. FURTHER, YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT: (I) YOU ARE THE AUTHORIZED
AGENT OF THE APPLICABLE ENTITY AND HAVE THE LEGAL AUTHORITY TO ENTER INTO THE
AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF YOURSELF AND THE ENTITY, AND (II) YOU HAVE OBTAINED, ON
BEHALF OF YOURSELF AND THE ENTITY (IF APPLICABLE), ALL NECESSARY RIGHTS,
WAIVERS, CONSENTS AND PERMISSIONS NECESSARY TO COLLECT, USE, STORE, AND SHARE
USER INFORMATION IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE.
SECTION 1.
OVERVIEW OF THE SERVICES
1.1 This Agreement governs your use and access of the following ("
Services
"),
as made available at https://firebase.google.com:
Firebase Crashlytics -  a crash reporting solution for developers of
    mobile applications ("
Application(s)
"), including analyzing crash
    reports to provide information about how and under what circumstances such
    applications crashed
Firebase App Distribution - a service for Developers to manage their
    Applications that have not yet been publicly released ("
Test Application(s)
"),
    and allow specific users ("
Tester(s)
") to test them
1.2 The Firebase Data Processing and Security Terms,
which are set forth at
https://firebase.google.com/terms/data-processing-terms
("
Data Processing and Security Terms
"), are incorporated by reference
into the Agreement.
SECTION 2.
SPECIFIC TERMS FOR DEVELOPERS
2.1 Service and Access Credentials. Developer will provide reasonable
cooperation, assistance, information and access to Google as may be
necessary to initiate Developer's use of the Services. During the Term, and
subject to Developer's compliance with all terms and conditions of this
Agreement, Google will provide Developer with access to the Services. As
part of the implementation process, Developer will identify a user name and
password that will be used to set up Developer's account. Developer will not
share its user name or password with any third party and will be responsible
and liable for the acts or omissions of any person who accesses the Services
using passwords or access procedures provided to Developer. Google
reserves the right to refuse registration of, or to suspend or cancel, login
IDs used by Developer to access the Services for any reason, including if
Developer violates the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.
2.2 License to Developer. During the Term, and subject to all terms and
conditions of this Agreement (as a condition to the grants below), Google
grants Developer and Developer accepts a nonexclusive, nontransferable right
and license (without right to sublicense) to: (a) access and use the Services,
solely for the purpose of accessing and downloading the Software (defined
below) and assessing the performance of its own Applications for Developer's
internal business purposes; and (b) download,
install and use a reasonable number of copies of the Crashlytics software
development kit (the "
SDK
") and any tools provided as part of the SDK,
including, but not limited to, any plugins (collectively, the
"
Software
") solely for the integration of the Software into an
Application. Developer may use the Services and the
Software  solely for the purpose of:  (i) enabling Developer's users, including
Testers, to access and use Applications, (ii)
obtaining information regarding the installation, use of and engagement with,
and the functionality of Developer's Applications,
including reporting on errors or bugs (collectively, "
Performance
Data
"), (iii) improving the functionality of Developer's Applications and
related products and services, and/or (iv) communicating with
users, including Testers, about Developer's Applications. Developer's access and
use of the Services shall also comply with
all other conditions set forth in all documentation, instructions, end user
guides and other documents regarding the Services and Software, in each case
that is provided or made available by Google to Developer in electronic or
other form (collectively, "
Documentation
"). Developer shall comply with
all: (a) applicable laws, rules, and regulations, and (b) any applicable third
party terms, including any third party terms applicable to Developer's
development and distribution of any Application operating
on the Android or iOS mobile operating systems, or any other operating system
upon which the Application is made available and upon which
Google makes the Services available to Developer.
2.3 Restrictions. Developer shall not directly or indirectly, or allow any
third-party to: (a) use the Services or any of Google's Confidential
Information (as defined below) to create any service, software, or
documentation that is the same as, substantially similar to or has similar
functionality as the Services, (b) disassemble, decompile, reverse engineer,
decipher, translate or use any other means to attempt to discover any source
code, algorithms, or trade secrets underlying the Services or Background
Materials (defined below), except and only to the extent these restrictions are
expressly prohibited by applicable statutory law, (c) encumber, sublicense,
transfer, distribute, rent, lease, timeshare, or use any Google Properties
(as defined below) in any service bureau, rental or managed services
arrangement or permit other individuals or entities to create Internet "links"
to the Google Properties or "frame" or "mirror" the Google Properties
on any other server, or wireless or Internet-based device, (d) adapt, combine,
create derivative works of, or otherwise modify any Google Properties, (e)
use or allow the transmission, transfer, export, reexport, or other transfer of
any product, technology, or information it obtains or learns in connection with
Developer's use of the Services in violation of any export control or other
laws and regulations of the United States or any other relevant jurisdiction,
(f) remove or alter any proprietary notices or labels on or in any Google
Properties; (g) use any Google Properties in connection with the
development or transmission of any virus, worms or malicious code, (h) use any
Google Properties to infringe the rights of Google or any third
party, or in any way that does not comply with all applicable laws, or (i) use
any Google Properties (including to create any Application) in any way
that interferes with, disrupts, damages, or accesses in an unauthorized manner
the servers, networks, or other properties or services of Google or any
third party, including any mobile communications carrier.
2.4 Developer Feedback. From time to time, Google may solicit from
Developer or Developer may make, in its sole discretion, suggestions for
changes, modifications or improvements to the Google Properties (as
defined below) or any other feedback related to the Services or the Google
Properties (collectively, "
Developer Feedback
"). All Developer Feedback
shall be solely owned by Google (including all intellectual property
rights therein and thereto) and shall also be Google's Confidential
Information. Developer hereby assigns all of its right, title and interest in
and to any Developer Feedback to Google and acknowledges that Google
has the unrestricted right to use and exploit such Developer Feedback in any
manner, without attribution, and without any obligations or compensation to
Developer.
2.5 Developer Data. Developer hereby grants Google a nonexclusive, license
fee free and royalty free right and license to access, copy, distribute,
process and use all information, data and other content provided by Developer
or received by Google in connection with Developer's authorized use of the
Services, including, without limitation information provided through any
Application that Developer makes available for testing
through the Services (collectively, "
Developer Data
"), solely for the
purpose of providing, developing, and maintaining the Services, along with any
related customer or technical support, and as otherwise expressly permitted in
this Agreement. Developer agrees that: (a) the Services depend on the
availability of the Developer Data, and (b) Google will not assume any
responsibility or liability for, or undertake to verify, the legality, accuracy
or completeness of the Developer Data. Google shall have no obligation to
store any Developer Data or Results (as defined below).
2.6 Access by Testers; End Users; Compliance. Developer may use the Services to
grant access to Developer Data or Applications to other users, or Testers.
Developer is solely responsible for determining which users will be granted such
access, or receive an invitation to become a Tester, and for ensuring the
accuracy of any user contact information provided to Google for this purpose.
Developer shall be solely responsible for communicating any terms or conditions
associated with granting access to its Test Applications or any Developer Data.
Developer acknowledges and agrees that any such terms and conditions applicable
to Developer's Test Application shall be between Developer and any Tester, and
Google shall not be responsible for, and shall not have any liability whatsoever
for, such terms or any Test Application tested by a Tester, or for any breach by
Developer or any Tester of such terms and conditions. The Services allow the
Developer to collect information relating to performance of Developer's
Applications, including, without limitation, device state information, unique
device identifiers, information relating to the physical location of a device,
and information about how the Application was used. Developer may turn on
features of the Services to allow collection of other information via the
Services, including some personally identifiable information (e.g., a user's
email address), which allows Developers to communicate with users about the
engagement with and functionality of their Applications and to invite them to
become Testers. Developer represents and warrants that Developer is collecting
information via the Services solely to obtain information about the user
engagement with and functionality of Developer's Applications, and to
communicate with users about such engagement and functionality. Developer agrees
that it will not enable collection of personally identifiable information via
the Services unless it is necessary to communicate with users about the
Applications or Developer wishes to invite users to be Testers and the user has
provided affirmative consent to the collection and use of such information.
Subject to and without limiting the foregoing, Developer agrees it will not
enable collection or use of credit card information, Social Security numbers,
driver's license numbers, dates of birth or physical addresses via the Services.
Developer further agrees it will not invite any user to be a Tester that is
under the age of consent as defined under any applicable laws, rules, or
regulations relating to data collection, including without limitation the
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 ("
COPPA
"), the
Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27
April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of
personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive
95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation or "
GDPR
"), and all other
relevant laws and regulations. At all times during the term of this Agreement,
Developer shall maintain a privacy policy: (a) that is readily accessible to
users from its website or within its online service (as applicable), (b) that
fully and accurately discloses to its users what information is collected about
its users, and (c) that states that such information is disclosed to and
processed by third party providers like Google in the manner contemplated by the
Services, including, without limitation, disclosure of the use of technology to
track users' activity and otherwise collect information from users. In addition,
when using the Firebase App Distribution Service, Developer shall maintain
contact information that shall be available to its Testers to obtain any
necessary information regarding the processing and handling of Tester
information. Developer authorizes Google to share such contact information with
any Tester or end user for the purposes of addressing questions regarding the
processing and handling of personal data, including requests referenced in the
Data Processing and Security Terms, Section 9.2.1. For Developer's users in the
European Union, Developer shall provide such users with clear notice of, and
obtain such users' consent to, the transfer, storage, and use of their
information in the United States and any other country where Google, or any
third party service providers acting on its behalf, operates, and shall further
notify such users that the privacy and data protection laws in some of these
countries may vary from the laws in the country where such users live. Unless
otherwise specified in writing by Google, Google does not intend use of the
Services to create obligations under the Health Insurance Portability and
Accountability Act, as amended ("HIPAA"), and makes no representations that the
Services satisfy HIPAA requirements. If you are (or become) a "covered entity"
or "business associate" as defined in HIPAA, you will not use the Services for
any purpose or in any manner involving transmitting protected health information
to Google unless you have received prior written consent to such use from
Google. Developer shall at all times comply with all applicable laws, rules and
regulations relating to data collection, privacy and security, including without
limitation, COPPA, GDPR, and all other such laws and regulations. Developer will
obtain and maintain any required consents necessary and will comply with any
other applicable requirements to permit the processing of Developer Data under
this Agreement.
2.7 Developer Systems. Developer is responsible for providing: (a) all
equipment, subscriptions and credentials necessary for Google to receive
the Developer Data, and (b) all modems, servers, devices, storage, software
(other than Software), databases, network and communications equipment and
ancillary services needed to connect to, access, or otherwise use the Services
at its facility (collectively, "
Developer Systems
"). Developer shall ensure
that Developer Systems are compatible with the Services and comply with all
configurations and specifications described in the Documentation.
2.8 Limitations. Google will not be responsible or liable for any failures
in the Services or any other problems which are related to: (a) the Developer
Data or Developer Systems, or (b) any satellite, telecommunications, network or
other equipment or service outside of Google's facilities or control.
2.9 Confidentiality. "
Confidential Information
" means any information
disclosed by one party ("
Discloser
") to the other party
("
Recipient
") that is marked or otherwise identified as "confidential"
or "proprietary," or by its nature or the circumstances of disclosure should
reasonably be understood to be confidential, including without limitation, all
financial, business or technical information disclosed in relation to this
Agreement. Except for the specific rights granted by this Agreement, the
Recipient may not use, copy or disclose any Confidential Information of the
Discloser without Discloser's prior written consent, and shall use no less than
reasonable care to safeguard Discloser's Confidential Information, including
ensuring that Recipient's employees, contractors and agents
("Representatives")with access to Discloser's Confidential Information have a
need to know such Confidential Information for the purposes of this Agreement
and are bound by confidentiality obligations no less protective of the parties
as those set forth herein. The foregoing obligations shall not apply to any
Confidential Information that Recipient can demonstrate is: (a) already known
by it without restriction, (b) rightfully furnished to it without restriction
by a third party not in breach of any obligation to Discloser, (c) generally
available to the public without breach of this Agreement or (d) independently
developed by it without reference to or use of any of Discloser's Confidential
Information and without any violation of any obligation of this Agreement. Each
party shall be responsible for any breach of confidentiality by its
Representatives, as applicable. Promptly upon Discloser's request at any time,
Recipient shall, or in the case of Developer Data shall use reasonable efforts
to, return all of Discloser's tangible Confidential Information, permanently
erase all Confidential Information from any storage media and destroy all
information, records, copies, summaries, analyses and materials developed
therefrom. Nothing herein shall prevent a party from disclosing any of the
other's Confidential Information as necessary pursuant to any court order or
any legal, regulatory, law enforcement or similar requirement or investigation;
provided, however, prior to any such disclosure, Recipient shall use reasonable
efforts to: (i) promptly notify Discloser in writing of such requirement to
disclose where permitted by law, and (ii) cooperate with Discloser in
protecting against or minimizing any such disclosure and/or obtaining a
protective order.
2.10 Proprietary Rights. As used in this Agreement: "
Background
Materials
" means all ideas, concepts, inventions, systems, platforms,
software (including all Software), interfaces, tools, utilities, templates,
forms, Report Formats, techniques, methods, processes, algorithms, knowhow,
trade secrets and other technologies and information that are used by
Google in providing the Services and Results (including any correction,
improvement, derivative work, extension or other modification to the Services
made, created, conceived or developed by or for Google, including at
Developer's request or as a result of feedback provided by Developer to
Google); "
Reports
" means the reports, charts, graphs and other
presentation in which the Results are presented to Developer; "
Report
Formats
" means the formatting, look and feel of the Reports; and
"
Results
" means the work products resulting from the Services that are
delivered to Developer by Google through the Services, and which are based
on the Developer Data. For the sake of clarity, Results shall expressly exclude
all Background Materials. Developer shall own all right, title and interest
(including all intellectual property and other proprietary rights) in and to:
(a) feedback, suggestions, ideas or other materials and information provided by
Testers with respect to any Test Application ("
User Feedback
"),
(b) the Results and (c) Developer Data. Developer acknowledges and agrees that
the Results will be presented to it in a Report, the Report Format of which is
Confidential Information and proprietary to Google. Developer may make a
reasonable number of copies of the Reports only for its internal purposes in
using the Results.
2.11 General Learning; Aggregate Data. Google reserves the right to
disclose aggregate information of Services usage, engagement, and performance,
and to reuse all general knowledge, experience, knowhow, works and technologies
(including ideas, concepts, processes and techniques) related to the Results or
acquired during provision of the Services (including without limitation, that
which it could have acquired performing the same or similar services for
another customer).
2.12 Reservation of Rights. Except for the limited rights and licenses
expressly granted hereunder, no other license is granted, no other use is
permitted and Google (and its licensors) shall retain all right, title,
and interest (including all intellectual property and proprietary rights
embodied therein) in and to the Services, Software, Documentation, Background
Materials, aggregate data, and analyses (collectively, "
Google
Properties
").
SECTION 3. ACCESS FOR TESTERS
3.1 Terms for Tester Access. Tester access and use of the Services will be
subject to the Google Terms of Service, available at
https://policies.google.com/terms and any other policies or terms that Google
may require.
3.2 Sole Responsibility for Test Applications. Developer is solely and fully
responsible for its Applications. Any complaint or dispute arising from a
Tester’s use of an Application (Test or otherwise), will be directed to
Developer. If Google receives any such complaint from a Tester, Google may, at
its discretion, direct such Tester to contact Developer using the contact
information provided in Section 2.6, above.
SECTION 4. WARRANTY, LIABILITY & INDEMNITY
4.1 Warranties. Google represents and warrants that it has full right,
power, and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform its
obligations and duties under this Agreement, and that the performance of such
obligations and duties does not conflict with or result in a breach of any
other agreement of Google, or any judgment, order, or decree by which such
party is bound. Developer's sole and exclusive remedy for any and all breaches
of this provision is the remedy set forth in Section 4.4. Developer represents
and warrants that it owns all right, title and interest, or possesses
sufficient license rights, in and to the Developer Data as may be necessary to
grant the rights and licenses, and provide the representations, and for
Google to provide the Services set forth herein. Developer bears all
responsibility and liability for the legality, accuracy and completeness of the
Developer Data and Google's access, possession, distribution, and use
thereof, as permitted herein.
4.2 Disclaimers. THE SERVICES, GOOGLE PROPERTIES AND RESULTS
ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. WITHOUT LIMITING THE
FOREGOING, GOOGLE AND ITS PARENTS, SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, RELATED
COMPANIES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES, PARTNERS
AND LICENSORS (COLLECTIVELY, THE "GOOGLE ENTITIES") MAKE NO WARRANTY: (A)
THAT THE SERVICES OR RESULTS WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR BE UNINTERRUPTED,
ERROR FREE OR BUGFREE, (B) REGARDING THE RELIABILITY, TIMELINESS, OR
PERFORMANCE OF THE SERVICES, OR (C) THAT ANY ERRORS IN THE SERVICES CAN OR WILL
BE CORRECTED. THE GOOGLE ENTITIES HEREBY DISCLAIM (FOR THEMSELVES AND
THEIR SUPPLIERS) ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ORAL OR WRITTEN,
INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF NONINFRINGEMENT,
MERCHANTABILITY, TITLE OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND ALL WARRANTIES
ARISING FROM ANY COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE OR USAGE OF TRADE.
4.3 Claims Against Google. Developer will defend Google from all
third party claims, whether actual or alleged (collectively, "
Google
Claims
"), and will indemnify Google and hold Google harmless from
any and all losses, liabilities, damages, costs, and expenses (including
reasonable attorney's fees) resulting from such Google Claims that arise
out of Developer's: (a) use of the Services, (b) actual or alleged infringement
or misappropriation of the rights of any third party, including, without
limitation, any intellectual property rights, privacy rights or publicity
rights, and (c) breach of any representations and warranties set forth in the
Agreement. Developer is solely responsible for defending any such Google
Claims, subject to Google's right to participate with counsel of its own
choosing, and for payment of all judgments, settlements, damages, losses,
liabilities, costs, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees,
resulting from such Claims against Google, provided that Developer will
not agree to any settlement related to any such Google Claims without
Google's prior express written consent regardless of whether or not such
settlement releases Google from any obligation or liability. If Developer
uses the Services in an official capacity as an employee or representative of a
United States federal, state, or local government entity and is legally unable
to accept this indemnification provision, then it does not apply to such
entity, but only to the extent required by applicable law.
4.4 Claims Against Developer. Google will defend the Developer from all
third party claims, actions, suits, or proceedings, whether actual or alleged
(collectively, "
Developer Claims
"), and will indemnify Developer and
hold Developer harmless from any and all losses, liabilities, damages, costs,
and expenses (including reasonable attorney's fees) resulting from such
Developer Claims, that arise out of an allegation that the Services, when used
as expressly permitted by this Agreement, infringes the intellectual property
rights of such third party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Google will
have no obligation under this Section 4.4 or otherwise with respect to any
infringement claim based upon: (a) any use of the Services not expressly
permitted under this Agreement; (b) any use of the Services in combination with
products, equipment, software, or data not made available by Google if
such infringement would have been avoided without the combination with such
other products, equipment, software, or data; (c) any modification of the
Services by any person other than Google or its authorized agents or
subcontractors; or (d) any claim not clearly based on the Services itself. This
Section 4.4 states Google's entire liability and Developer's sole and
exclusive remedy for all third party claims.
4.5 Procedure. The foregoing obligations are conditioned on the party seeking
indemnification: (a) promptly notifying the other party in writing of such
claim; (b) giving the other party sole control of the defense thereof and any
related settlement negotiations; and (c) cooperating and, at the other party's
request and expense, assisting in such defense. Neither party may make any
public announcement of any claim, defense or settlement without the other
party's prior written approval. The indemnifying party may not settle,
compromise or resolve a claim without the consent of the indemnified party, if
such settlement, compromise or resolution (i) causes or requires an admission
or finding of guilt against the indemnified party, (i) imposes any monetary
damages against the indemnified party, or (iii) does not fully release the
indemnified party from liability with respect to the claim.
4.6 Limitation of Liability.
(a) IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR ANY INDIRECT,
SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT
OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, OR FOR ANY DAMAGES ASSOCIATED WITH ANY
LOSS OF USE, BUSINESS, PROFITS, OR GOODWILL OR FOR INTERRUPTION, LOSS OR
CORRUPTION OF DATA OR NETWORKS.
(b) IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY'S AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR ANY AND ALL CLAIMS
UNDER THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED FIFTY ($50.00) DOLLARS (USD).
(c) THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS SHALL NOT APPLY TO BREACHES OF CONFIDENTIALITY
OBLIGATIONS OR FOR MISAPPROPRIATION OR INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
RIGHTS, AND SHALL APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF ANY REMEDY PROVIDED
HEREIN.
THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS, EXCLUSIONS AND DISCLAIMERS SHALL APPLY TO ANY AND
ALL CLAIMS, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH LIABILITY ARISES FROM ANY CLAIM BASED
UPON CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY, OR
OTHERWISE, AND WHETHER OR NOT THE PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE. Some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of
incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may
not apply to You. INSOFAR AS APPLICABLE LAW PROHIBITS ANY LIMITATION ON
LIABILITY HEREIN, THE PARTIES AGREE THAT SUCH LIMITATION WILL BE AUTOMATICALLY
MODIFIED, BUT ONLY TO THE EXTENT SO AS TO MAKE THE LIMITATION COMPLIANT WITH
APPLICABLE LAW.
SECTION 5. TERM AND TERMINATION
5.1 Term. The term of this Agreement will begin on the date you first agree to
this Agreement and are approved to register for the Services, and continue
until terminated as set forth herein ("Term"). Your use of the Services may be
terminated by Google or you at any time, for any reason, effective
immediately upon notice provided by one party to the other party as set forth
herein.
5.2 Effects of Termination. Upon any expiration or termination of this
Agreement, all rights, obligations and licenses of the parties shall cease,
except that: (a) all obligations that accrued prior to the effective date of
termination and all remedies for breach of this Agreement shall survive, (b)
you must discontinue accessing and using the Services and delete all Software
and Google Properties, and (c) the provisions in
Section 2 titled Restrictions, Developer Feedback, Confidentiality, Proprietary
Rights, General Learning; Aggregate Data, the provisions of Section 4 and the
provisions in this Section 5 shall survive. Unless otherwise specified in this
Agreement (including the Data Processing and Security Terms), Google has no
obligation to store, delete or return any User Feedback, Performance Data,
Developer Data, or Results.
SECTION 6. MISCELLANEOUS
6.1 Entire Agreement. This Agreement (which includes any order form completed
by Developer) constitutes the entire agreement, and supersede all prior
negotiations, understandings, or agreements (oral or written), between the
parties about the subject matter of this Agreement.
6.2 Waivers, Consents and Amendments. No waiver, consent, or modification of
this Agreement shall bind the Google Entities unless in writing and signed
by Google. Google may amend this Agreement from time to time. If we
make a change to this Agreement that, in our sole discretion, is material, we
will notify you at the email address that you provided upon signing up to
access the Services or otherwise through the Services. If you do not
agree to the modified terms, you shall notify Google in writing within
thirty (30) days, after which your right to access and use the Services shall
immediately terminate and the Google Entities shall have no further
responsibility or liability to you. The failure of either party to enforce its
rights under this Agreement at any time for any period will not be construed as
a waiver of such rights.
6.3 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is determined to be
illegal or unenforceable, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the
minimum extent necessary so that this Agreement will otherwise remain in full
force and effect and enforceable.
6.4 Governing Law and Disputes. This Agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without
regard to its conflicts of law provisions.
(a) Except as set forth in Section 6.4(b) below, all claims arising out of or
relating to this Agreement or the Services ("
Disputes
") will be
governed by California law, excluding California's conflict of laws rules, and
all Disputes will be litigated exclusively in the federal or state courts of
Santa Clara County, California, USA, and You and Google consent to
personal jurisdiction in those courts.
(b) If Your principal place of business (for entities) or place of residence
(for individuals) is in any country within APAC (other than Australia, Japan,
New Zealand or Singapore) or Latin America, this Section 6.4(b) will apply
instead of Section 6.4(a) above. ALL DISPUTES (AS DEFINED ABOVE) WILL BE
GOVERNED BY CALIFORNIA LAW, EXCLUDING CALIFORNIA'S CONFLICT OF LAWS RULES.The
parties will try in good faith to settle any Dispute within 30 days after the
Dispute arises. If the Dispute is not resolved within 30 days, it must be
resolved by arbitration by the American Arbitration Association's International
Centre for Dispute Resolution in accordance with its Expedited Commercial Rules
in force as of the date of this Agreement ("
Rules
"). The parties will
mutually select one arbitrator. The arbitration will be conducted in English in
Santa Clara County, California, USA. Either party may apply to any competent
court for injunctive relief necessary to protect its rights pending resolution
of the arbitration. The arbitrator may order equitable or injunctive relief
consistent with the remedies and limitations in this Agreement. Subject to the
confidentiality requirements in of this Agreement, either party may petition
any competent court to issue any order necessary to protect that party's rights
or property; this petition will not be considered a violation or waiver of this
governing law and arbitration section and will not affect the arbitrator's
powers, including the power to review the judicial decision. The parties
stipulate that the courts of Santa Clara County, California, USA, are competent
to grant any order under this subsection. The arbitral award will be final and
binding on the parties and its execution may be presented in any competent
court, including any court with jurisdiction over either party or any of its
property. Any arbitration proceeding conducted in accordance with this section
will be considered Confidential Information under this Agreement's
confidentiality section, including: (i) the existence of, (ii) any information
disclosed during, and (iii) any oral communications or documents related to the
arbitration proceedings. The parties may also disclose the information
described in this section to a competent court as may be necessary to file any
order under this section or execute any arbitral decision, but the parties must
request that those judicial proceedings be conducted in camera (in private).
The parties will pay the arbitrator's fees, the arbitrator's appointed experts'
fees and expenses, and the arbitration center's administrative expenses in
accordance with the Rules. In its final decision, the arbitrator will determine
the non-prevailing party's obligation to reimburse the amount paid in advance
by the prevailing party for these fees. Each party will bear its own lawyers'
and experts' fees and expenses, regardless of the arbitrator's final decision.
6.5 Force Majeure. In the event that either party is prevented from performing,
or is unable to perform, any of its obligations under this Agreement (except
payment obligations) due to any cause beyond its reasonable control, the
affected party shall give written notice thereof to the other party and its
performance shall be extended for the period of delay or inability to perform
due to such occurrence.
6.6 Notices. Any notice or communication hereunder shall be in writing and
either personally delivered or sent via confirmed facsimile, confirmed
electronic transmission, recognized express delivery courier or certified or
registered mail, prepaid and return receipt requested, addressed to the other
party, which, in the case of Developer, shall be the email address provided to
Google upon signing up for the Services or specified through use of the Services,
and, in the case of Google, shall be Google
LLC 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA, with a copy to
Legal Department. All notices shall be in English, and deemed to have been
received when they are hand delivered, or five business days after their
mailing, or upon confirmed electronic transmission or confirmed facsimile
transmission.
6.7 Assignment. This Agreement and the rights and obligations hereunder may not
be assigned, transferred or delegated, in whole or in part, whether voluntarily
or by operation of law, contract, merger (whether Developer is the surviving or
disappearing entity), stock or asset sale, consolidation, dissolution, through
government action or otherwise, by Developer without Google's prior
written consent. Any assignment or transfer in violation of the foregoing shall
automatically be null and void, and Google may immediately terminate this
Agreement upon such an attempt. This Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure
to the benefit of, any permitted successors, representatives, and permitted
assigns of the parties hereto.
6.8 Independent Contractors. The parties shall be independent contractors under
this Agreement, and nothing herein will constitute either party as the
employer, employee, agent, or representative of the other party, or both
parties as joint venturers or partners for any purpose.
Previous versions
September 23, 2019
July 23, 2018
January 27, 2017
Send feedback
Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License
, and code samples are licensed under the
Apache 2.0 License
. For details, see the
Google Developers Site Policies
. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.
Info
Chat
Sub-policy 4
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation:
Facebook
Email or phone
Password
Forgot account?
Create new account
It looks like you were misusing this feature by going too fast. You’ve been temporarily blocked from using it.
Back
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 5
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy/:
Skip to main content
firebase.google.com uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Build
More
Run
More
Solutions
Pricing
Docs
More
Community
More
Support
Go to console
Developer Support
Contact Support
Scope of no-cost support
Support Guides
Overview
FAQ
Security checklist
Launch checklist
Firebase-related service accounts
Troubleshoot initialization options
Enable the AdSupport framework
Dynamic Links deprecation
Deprecation FAQ
Export Dynamic Links metadata
Migrate to App Links & Universal Links
Migrate from Parse
Android
iOS+
Cloud Audit Logs
Firebase Management
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase App Check
Firebase Security Rules
Firebase Realtime Database
Android Device Streaming
Recent Changes and Updates
Release Notes
iOS Release Notes
Android Release Notes
JavaScript Release Notes
Flutter Release Notes
C++ Release Notes
Unity Release Notes
Admin Node.
js Release Notes
Admin Java Release Notes
Admin Python Release Notes
Admin Go Release Notes
Admin .
NET Release Notes
Security Rules Release Notes
Firebase CLI Release Notes
Policies for changes and versioning
Overview
Introducing and communicating changes
Versioning and maintenance
Legal Information
Terms of Service
Paid Services Terms
Data Processing and Security Terms
Firebase: Standard Contractual Clauses
Service Level Agreement for Hosting and Realtime Database
Cloud Storage for Firebase Service Level Agreement
Firebase App Indexing User Data Policy
Crashlytics and App Distribution Terms
Firebase Subprocessors
Privacy and Security Information
Privacy and Security in Firebase
Designate Data Protection Officers and EU Representatives
Firebase Data Privacy Inquiries
Manage Instance ID data
Clear and export users' data
Storing privacy settings with Firebase
Build
Go to Build
Build Products
App Check
App Hosting
Authentication
Cloud Functions
Cloud Storage
Data Connect
Extensions
Firebase ML
Firestore
Genkit
Hosting
Realtime Database
Vertex AI in Firebase
Generative AI
Run
Go to Run
Run Products
A/B Testing
App Distribution
Cloud Messaging
Crashlytics
Google Analytics
In-App Messaging
Performance Monitoring
Remote Config
Test Lab
Overview
Fundamentals
Build
Run
Reference
Samples
Learn
Events
Stories
Firebase
Support
Was this helpful?
Send feedback
Privacy and Security in Firebase
bookmark_border
bookmark
Stay organized with collections
Save and categorize content based on your preferences.
On this page
Data protection
Firebase support for GDPR and CCPA
Firebase Data Processing and Security Terms
Firebase is certified under major privacy and security standards
Data processing information
Examples of end-user data processed by Firebase
Guides for enabling opt-in for end-user data processing
Data storage and processing locations
Security information
Data encryption
Security practices
Firebase Service Data
Examples of how Firebase Service Data is processed by Firebase
Firebase Service Data use by non-Firebase Google services
This page outlines Firebase's key security and privacy information. Whether
you're looking to kick off a new project with Firebase, or curious about how
Firebase works with your existing project, read on to see how Firebase can help
protect you and your users.
Last modified: February 20, 2025
Data protection
Firebase support for GDPR and CCPA
On May 25th, 2018, the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) replaced the
1995 EU Data Protection Directive. On January 1, 2020, the California Consumer
Privacy Act (CCPA) took effect. On January 1, 2023, the California Privacy
Rights Act (CPRA), which is a data privacy law that amends and expands upon the
CCPA, took effect. Google is committed to helping our customers succeed under
these privacy regulations, whether they are large software companies or
independent developers.
The GDPR imposes obligations on data controllers and data processors, and the
CCPA/CPRA imposes obligations on businesses and their service providers.
Firebase customers typically act as the "data controller" (GDPR) or "business"
(CCPA/CPRA) for any personal data or information about their end-users they
provide to Google in connection with their use of Firebase, and Google generally
operates as a "data processor" (GDPR) or "service provider" (CCPA/CPRA).
This means that data is under the customer's control. Customers are
responsible for obligations like fulfilling an individual's rights with respect
to their personal data or information.
Firebase Data Processing and Security Terms
When customers use Firebase, Google is generally a data processor under GDPR and
processes personal data on their behalf. Similarly, when customers use Firebase,
Google generally operates as a service provider under the CCPA/CPRA handling
personal information on their behalf. Firebase terms include
Data Processing
and Security Terms
detailing these
responsibilities.
Certain Firebase services governed by the
Google Cloud Platform (GCP) Terms of Service
are already covered by associated data processing terms, the
Cloud Data Processing Addendum
.
A complete list of Firebase services currently governed by the GCP Terms of
Service is available in the
Terms of Service for Firebase Services
.
Google Analytics is a separate service that can be used together with Firebase,
and is subject to separate
terms
.
Firebase is certified under major privacy and security standards
ISO and SOC compliance
All Firebase services (aside from App Indexing) have successfully completed the
ISO
27001
and
SOC
1
,
SOC
2
,
and
SOC 3
evaluation
process, and some have also completed the
ISO
27017
and
ISO
27018
certification
process. Compliance reports and certificates for Firebase services governed by
the GCP Terms of Service may be requested via the
Compliance Reports
Manager
.
Service name
ISO 27001
ISO 27017
ISO 27018
SOC 1
SOC 2
SOC 3
Cloud Firestore
check
check
check
check
check
check
Cloud Functions for Firebase
check
check
check
check
check
check
Cloud Storage for Firebase
check
check
check
check
check
check
Firebase A/B Testing
check
check
check
check
Firebase App Check
check
check
check
check
Firebase App Distribution
check
check
check
check
Firebase Authentication
check
check
check
check
check
check
Firebase Cloud Messaging
check
check
check
check
Firebase Crashlytics
check
check
check
check
Firebase Dynamic Links
check
check
check
check
Firebase Hosting
check
check
check
check
Firebase In-App Messaging
check
check
check
check
Firebase ML
check
check
check
check
Firebase Performance Monitoring
check
check
check
check
Firebase Platform
check
check
check
check
Firebase Realtime Database
check
check
check
check
Firebase Remote Config
check
check
check
check
Firebase Test Lab
check
check
check
check
check
check
Gemini in Firebase
check
check
check
check
Vertex AI in Firebase
check
check
check
check
International Data Transfers
As described in our
Data Privacy Framework
certification
,
we comply with the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks (DPF) and the
UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF as set forth by the US Department of Commerce
regarding the collection, use and retention of personal information from the
EEA, Switzerland and the UK, respectively. Google LLC (and its wholly-owned US
subsidiaries unless explicitly excluded) has certified that it adheres to the
DPF Principles. Google remains responsible for any of your personal information
that is shared under the Onward Transfer Principle with third parties for
external processing on our behalf, as described in the
"Sharing your
information" section of our Privacy
Policy
. To learn more about
the DPF, and to view Google's certification, please visit the
DPF
website
.
If you have an inquiry regarding our privacy practices in relation to our DPF
certification, we encourage you to
contact
us
. Google is
subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade
Commission. You may also refer a complaint to your local data protection
authority and we will work with them to resolve your concern. In certain
circumstances, the DPF provides the right to invoke binding arbitration to
resolve complaints not resolved by other means, as described in
Annex I to the
DPF
Principles
.
Data processing information
Examples of end-user data processed by Firebase
Some Firebase services process your end users' data to provide their service.
The chart below has examples of how various Firebase services use and handle
end-user data that may potentially be identifying. In addition, many Firebase
services offer the ability to request deletion of specific data or control how
data is handled.
Firebase service
End-user data
How data helps provide the service
Cloud Functions for Firebase
IP addresses
How it helps:
Cloud Functions uses IP addresses to
            execute event-handling functions and HTTP functions based on end-user actions.
Retention:
Cloud functions only saves IP addresses temporarily, to
            provide the service.
Firebase App Check
Attestation material from supported attestation providers
App Check tokens from successful attestations
How it helps:
Firebase App Check uses attestation
            material required by the corresponding attestation provider and
            received from end-user's devices to help establish the integrity of
            the device and/or the app. Attestation materials are sent to the
            corresponding attestation provider for validation based on the
            developer's configuration. App Check tokens obtained from successful
            attestations are sent with every request to supported Firebase
            services to access resources protected by App Check.
Retention:
Attestation material is not retained by
            App Check, but when it is sent to attestation providers, it is
            subject to the terms of those attestation providers. App Check
            tokens returned from successful attestations are valid throughout
            their TTL duration, which cannot be longer than 7 days. For
            developers who use replay protection features, App Check stores the
            App Check tokens used with these features for at most 30 days. Other
            App Check tokens not used with replay protection features are not
            retained by Firebase services.
Firebase App Distribution
Users' names
Email addresses
iOS UDIDs
Secure Android IDs
Firebase
installation IDs
Tester feedback (screenshots and text)
How it helps:
Firebase App Distribution uses the data to distribute
            app builds to testers, monitor tester activity, enable tester features like in-app
            feedback, and associate data with tester devices.
Retention:
Firebase App Distribution retains user information
            until the Firebase customer requests its deletion, after which data is removed from live
            and backup systems within 180 days.
Firebase Authentication
Passwords
Email addresses
Phone numbers
User agents
IP addresses
How it helps:
Firebase Authentication uses the data to enable end-user
            authentication, and facilitate end-user account management. It also uses user-agent
            strings and IP addresses to provide added security and prevent abuse during sign-up and
            authentication.
Retention:
Firebase Authentication keeps logged IP addresses for a few
            weeks. It retains other authentication information until the Firebase customer initiates
            deletion of the associated user, after which data is removed from live and backup
            systems within 180 days.
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase
installation IDs
How it helps:
Firebase Cloud Messaging uses
Firebase
installation IDs to determine which devices to deliver messages to.
Retention:
Firebase retains
Firebase
installation IDs
            until the Firebase customer
            makes an API call to delete the ID. After the call, data is removed from live and backup
            systems within 180 days.
Firebase Crashlytics
Crashlytics Installation UUIDs
Firebase installations ID
Crash traces
Breakpad minidump formatted data
(NDK crashes only)
How it helps:
Firebase Crashlytics uses crash stack
            traces to associate crashes with a project, send email alerts to
            project members and display them in the Firebase Console, and help
            Firebase customers debug crashes. It uses Crashlytics Installation
            UUIDs to measure the number of users impacted by a crash and
            minidump data to process NDK crashes. The minidump data is stored
            while the crash session is being processed and then discarded. The
            Firebase installation ID enables upcoming features that will enhance
            crash reporting and crash management services. Refer to
Examples of stored device information
for more detail on the types of user information gathered.
Retention:
Firebase Crashlytics keeps crash stack traces,
            extracted minidump data, and associated identifiers (including
            Crashlytics Installation UUIDs and Firebase installation IDs) for 90 days before
            starting the process of removing it from live and backup systems.
Note:
Firebase Crashlytics stores minidump data only temporarily in order to
            process NDK crashes.
Firebase Dynamic Links
Device specs (iOS)
IP Addresses (iOS)
How it helps:
Dynamic Links uses device specs and IP addresses on iOS to open
            newly-installed apps to a specific page or context.
Retention:
Dynamic Links only stores device specs and IP addresses temporarily, to
            provide the service.
Firebase Hosting
IP addresses
How it helps:
Hosting uses IP addresses of incoming requests to detect
            abuse and provide customers with detailed analysis of usage data.
Retention:
Hosting retains IP data for a few months.
Firebase In-App Messaging
Firebase
installation IDs
How it helps:
Firebase In-App Messaging
uses
Firebase
installation IDs to determine which devices to deliver messages to.
Retention:
Firebase retains
Firebase
installation IDs
            until the Firebase customer
            makes an API call to delete the ID. After the call, data is removed from live and backup
            systems within 180 days.
Firebase ML
Uploaded Images
installation auth tokens
How it helps:
The Cloud based APIs store uploaded images temporarily,
            to process and return the analysis to you. Stored images are typically deleted within a
            few hours. See the Cloud Vision
Data Usage FAQ
for more
            information.
installation auth tokens
are used by
Firebase ML
for device authentication when interacting with app
            instances, for example, to distribute developer models to app instances.
Retention:
installation auth tokens remain valid until their
            expiration date. The default token lifetime is one week.
Firebase Performance Monitoring
Firebase
installation IDs
IP addresses
How it helps:
Performance Monitoring
uses
Firebase
installation IDs
            to calculate the number of unique Firebase installations that access network resources,
            to ensure that access patterns are sufficiently anonymous. It also uses
Firebase
installation IDs with
Firebase Remote Config
to manage the rate of performance event reporting. Additionally, it uses IP
            addresses to map performance events to the countries they originate from. For more
            information, see
Data collection
.
Retention:
Performance Monitoring
keeps IP-associated
            events for 30 days, and it keeps installation-associated and de-identified performance
            data for 60 days before starting the process of removing it from live and backup
            systems.
Firebase Realtime Database
IP addresses
User agents
How it helps:
Realtime Database uses IP addresses and user agents to
            enable the
profiler
            tool
, which helps Firebase customers understand usage trends and platform
            breakdowns.
Retention:
Realtime Database keeps IP addresses and user agent
            information for a few days, unless a customer chooses to save it for longer.
Firebase Remote Config
Firebase
installation IDs
How it helps:
Remote Config
uses
Firebase
installation IDs
            to select configuration
            values to return to end-user devices.
Retention:
Firebase retains
Firebase
installation IDs until the Firebase customer makes an API call to delete the
          ID. After the call, data is removed from live and backup systems within 180 days.
Vertex AI in Firebase
Customer's inputs and outputs data sent and received from the AI model
How it helps:
Vertex AI in Firebase
uses Vertex AI's Generative AI
            API to predict content.
Retention:
During prediction, Google doesn't log Customer Data to
            generate a customer's output or train foundation models. By default, Google caches a
            customer's inputs and outputs for the Gemini models to accelerate responses to
            subsequent prompts from the customer.
See more details at
Generative
              AI and Data Governance | Generative AI on Vertex AI | Google Cloud
.
Examples of information collected by Crashlytics
An RFC-4122 UUID which permits us to deduplicate crashes
The Crashlytics Installation UUID
The Firebase installations ID (FID)
The Firebase session ID, which is a random UUID generated to tag events
      with a session
The timestamp of when the crash occurred
The app's bundle identifier and full version number
The device's operating system name and version number
A boolean indicating whether the device was jailbroken/rooted
The device's model name, CPU architecture, amount of RAM and disk
      space
The uint64 instruction pointer of every frame of every currently running
      thread
If available in the runtime, the plain-text method or function name
      containing each instruction pointer.
If an exception was thrown, the plain-text class name and message value
      of the exception
If a fatal signal was raised, its name and integer code
For each binary image loaded into the application, its name, UUID, byte
      size, and the uint64 base address at which it was loaded into RAM
A boolean indicating whether or not the app was in the background at the
      time it crashed
An integer value indicating the rotation of the screen at the time of
      crash
A boolean indicating whether the device's proximity sensor was
      triggered
The contents of
version-control-info.textproto
(only for Android apps
configured
        to use the version control system (VCS) integration
)
Examples of information collected by Performance Monitoring
The Firebase installations ID (FID)
The Firebase session ID, which is a random UUID generated to tag events
      with a session
General device information, such as model, OS, and orientation
RAM and disk size
CPU usage
Carrier (based on Mobile Country and Network Code)
Radio/Network information (for example, WiFi, LTE, 3G)
Country (based on IP address)
Locale/language
App version
App foreground or background state
App package name
Firebase
installation IDs
Duration times for automated traces
Network URLs (not including URL parameters or payload content)
      and the following corresponding information:
Response codes (for example, 403, 200)
Payload size in bytes
Response times
See a
full list
of the
    automatic traces collected by
Performance Monitoring
.
Note:
For more info on deleting data associated with installations, see
Delete a Firebase installation
.
Guides for enabling opt-in for end-user data processing
Services in the table above need some amount of end-user data to function. As a
result, it's not possible to entirely disable data collection while using those
services.
If you're a customer who would like to offer users a chance to opt-in to a
service, and the data collection that comes with it, in most cases that just
requires adding a dialog or settings toggle before using the service.
Some services, however, start up automatically when included in an app. To give
users a chance to opt-in before using those services, you can choose to disable
auto-initialization for each service, and manually initialize them at run time
instead. To find out how, read the guides below:
Cloud Messaging
:
Prevent Auto-initialization (Android)
or
Prevent Auto-initialization (iOS+)
Crashlytics
:
Enable Opt-in Reporting (iOS+)
or
Enable Opt-in Reporting (Android)
Performance Monitoring
:
Enable Opt-in Monitoring
If you integrate Firebase with Google Analytics, learn how to
configure Analytics data collection
.
Data storage and processing locations
Unless a service or feature offers data location selection, Firebase may process
and store your data anywhere Google or its agents maintain facilities. Potential
facility locations vary by service.
US-only services
The
Firebase Authentication
service is run only from US data centers. As a result,
Firebase Authentication
processes data exclusively in the United States.
Global services
The majority of Firebase services run on global Google infrastructure.
They could process data at any of the
Google Cloud Platform locations
or
Google data center locations
.
For some services, you can make a specific data location selection, which
restricts processing to that location (for more information, see the
service specific terms
of the Google Cloud Platform Terms of Service).
Cloud Firestore
Firebase Crashlytics
Firebase ML
Cloud Functions for Firebase
Firebase Dynamic Links
Firebase Performance Monitoring
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase Hosting
Firebase Remote Config
Firebase App Check
Firebase App Distribution
Firebase In-App Messaging
Firebase Test Lab
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Security information
Data encryption
Firebase services encrypt data in transit using HTTPS and logically isolate
customer data.
In addition, several Firebase services also encrypt their data at rest:
Cloud Firestore
Firebase Authentication
Firebase Performance Monitoring
Cloud Functions for Firebase
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase Realtime Database
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
Firebase Test Lab
Firebase App Check
Firebase App Distribution
Security practices
To keep personal data safe, Firebase employs extensive security measures to
minimize access:
Firebase restricts access to a select employees who have a business purpose to access personal data.
Firebase logs employee access to systems that contain personal data.
Firebase only permits access to personal data by employees who sign in with Google Sign-In and
2-factor authentication
.
Firebase Service Data
Firebase Service Data is personal information that Google collects and generates
during the provision and administration of the Firebase services
*
,
excluding Customer Data
**
as defined in our customer agreements
covering Firebase services and
Google Cloud Service Data
.
Examples of Firebase Service Data include information about service usage,
resource identifiers like application IDs and package name/bundle IDs, technical
and operational details of usage such as IP addresses, and direct communications
with developers from feedback and support related conversations.
*Services covered include Firebase A/B Testing, Firebase App Distribution,
  Firebase Cloud Messaging, Firebase Crashlytics, Firebase Dynamic Links,
  Firebase Hosting, Firebase In-App Messaging, Firebase ML,
  Firebase Performance Monitoring, Firebase Realtime Database,
  Firebase Remote Config, and Firebase User Segmentation Storage.
**For more information about how we process Customer Data, see our
Firebase Data Processing and Security
  Terms
.
Examples of how Firebase Service Data is processed by Firebase
Google uses Firebase Service Data in accordance with our
privacy policy
and applicable terms.
Firebase Service Data is used, for example, to:
Provide Firebase services you request
Make recommendations to optimize use of Firebase services
Maintain and improve Firebase services
Provide and improve other services you request
Understand your use of Firebase and other Google services
Provide better support to and communicate with you
Protect you, our users, the public and Google
Comply with legal obligations
Firebase Service Data use by non-Firebase Google services
You can control whether your Firebase Service Data may be used by Google to
provide more in depth analysis, insights, and recommendations about
non-Firebase
Google services and improve
non-Firebase
Google services.
You can configure this in your Firebase data privacy settings page.
If this control is disabled, Firebase Service Data will continue to be used
for other purposes, such as those mentioned above, in accordance with our
privacy policy
and applicable terms, including
to make recommendations about and improve
Firebase
services, and to deliver
and improve other services you request, such as Google products you link to your
Firebase project.
Still have questions? Contact us
For any privacy-related questions you have that aren't covered here,
reach out to Firebase Support
. If you're a Firebase developer, include your Firebase App ID. Find your Firebase App ID in the
Your apps
card of your
settings
Project
settings
.
Was this helpful?
Send feedback
Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License
, and code samples are licensed under the
Apache 2.0 License
. For details, see the
Google Developers Site Policies
. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.
Last updated 2025-03-04 UTC.
Info
Chat
On this page
Data protection
Firebase support for GDPR and CCPA
Firebase Data Processing and Security Terms
Firebase is certified under major privacy and security standards
Data processing information
Examples of end-user data processed by Firebase
Guides for enabling opt-in for end-user data processing
Data storage and processing locations
Security information
Data encryption
Security practices
Firebase Service Data
Examples of how Firebase Service Data is processed by Firebase
Firebase Service Data use by non-Firebase Google services
Sub-policy 6
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 7
https://www.handwrytten.com/privacy-policy/:
Sign In
Sign Up
Business
Business Overview
Market Solutions
Automotive Dealerships
Insurance Agents
Nonprofit Organizations
Political Campaigns
Real Estate and Mortgage
Retail and eCommerce
Solar Panel Installers
Features
Integrations
Integrate & Automate
Blackbaud Raisers Edge
CDK/Fortellis
Hubspot
Integrately
Make
Salesforce
Shopify
SyncSpider
Tekion
Zapier
API Documentation
Pricing
Resources
Resources
Tutorials
2022 Consumer Outreach Report
Webinars
About
The Company
The Robots
Testimonials
FAQ
Gift Cards
Connect
9280 S. Kyrene Rd.
Suite 134
Tempe, AZ 85284
Phone: +1 (888) 284-5197
Email:
contact@handwrytten.com
Sign Up
Sign In
Subscribe to our newsletter
Subscribe
You have been subscribed. Thank you!
Last Updated: 08/24/2020
Handwrytten offers a range of services to customers to send handwritten notes and associated gift cards to people on the customer’s behalf. You may interact with Handwrytten and provide us information through our our online platform at www.Handwrytten.com (and all associated subdomains) (the “
Website
”), the API, the applications for iPhone and Android, or by speaking with our employees and other representatives in support of your writing project (collectively, the “
Services
”). Handwrytten (“
Handwrytten
” or “
we
” or “
us
”) has created this Privacy Policy to explain to you our privacy practices regarding the information we gather from you when you visit Website and utilize the Services.
This Privacy Policy aims to give you information on how Handwrytten collects and processes your personal data through your use of the Website and our Services for our own purposes (i.e., where we are the Controller). It is intended to meet our duties as a Controller of Transparency under European data protection legislation known as the “
GDPR
” or “
General Data Protection Regulation
”. This Privacy Policy does not describe how we process personal data on our customer’s or any other person’s instructions (i.e., where we act as a Processor).
This Privacy Policy is subject to occasional revision, and if we make any material changes in the way we use your personal data, we may notify you by sending you an e-mail to the last e-mail address you provided to us and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on our Website. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be effective upon the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days following our dispatch of an e-mail notice to you or thirty (30) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on our Website. These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our Services. Please note that at all times you are responsible for updating your personal data to provide us with your most current e-mail address. In the event that the last e-mail address that you have provided us is not valid, or for any reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above, our dispatch of the e-mail containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of the changes described in the notice. If you do not wish to permit changes in our use of your personal data, you must notify us prior to the effective date of the changes that you wish to deactivate your Account with us. Continued use of our Website or Services, following notice of such changes, shall indicate your acknowledgment of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.
What information do we collect?
We collect information about you in various ways when you use our Website and Services.
Information You Provide
We collect the information you voluntarily provide to us. For example:
We may collect personal information from you, such as your first and last name, phone number, email address, company name, and password when you create an account to log in to our network (“Account”) and the names and addresses of your contacts, to whom you send notes.
When you order Services on our Website, we will collect all information necessary to complete the transaction, including your name, credit card information (which is transferred to a credit card processor for storage and not stored by Us), billing information and shipping information.
We retain information on your behalf, such as custom designed cards that you store using your Account. If you send a card through our system, by our very nature we must store the contents of that card.
If you provide us feedback or contact us via email, we will collect your name and email address, as well as any other content included in the email, in order to send you a reply.
When you participate in one of our surveys, we will collect the information you provide.
We may also collect personal information at other points on our Website that state that personal information is being collected.
Information Collected Via Technology
We collect certain information automatically via various technological means. We collect information via technology in the following ways:
Log Files. As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes aggregate information on the pages customers access or visit (but not on which pages individual users visit), IP addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), operating systems, date/time stamp and clickstream data. We use this information to analyze trends, administer the Website and better tailor our Services to our users’ needs.
Cookies. Like many online services, we use cookies to collect information. “Cookies” are small files that a website or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser that enables the website’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. We use cookies to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity and compile aggregate data about Website traffic and Website interaction so that we can offer better Website experiences and tools in the future. You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (e.g. Microsoft Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome, or Apple Safari) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookie preferences. If you turn cookies off, you won’t have access to many features that make your Website experience more efficient and some of our Services will not function properly. We use cookies only to record session information and to tailor
marketing
information and other services to you. We do not use cookies to obtain personally identifiable information.
Pixel Tags. In addition, we use “
Pixel Tags
” (also referred to as clear Gifs, Web beacons, or Web bugs). Pixel Tags are tiny graphic images with a unique identifier, similar in function to Cookies, that are used to track online movements of Web users. In contrast to Cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, Pixel Tags are embedded invisibly in Web pages. Pixel Tags also allow us to send e-mail messages in a format that users can read, and they tell us whether e-mails have been opened to ensure that we are sending only messages that are of interest to our users. We may use this information to reduce or eliminate messages sent to a user.
Third Party Analytics. We use third-party services providers, such as Google Analytics, to help analyze how users use the Website (“
Analytics Providers
”). Analytics Providers use Cookies to collect information such as how often users visit the Website, what pages they visit, and what other sites they used prior to coming to the Website. We use the information we get from Analytics Providers only to improve our Website and Services. Analytics Providers collect only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit the Website, rather than your name or other personally identifying information. We do not combine the information generated through the use of Analytics Providers with your personal data.
No Special Categories of Personal Data
We do not collect any “
Special Categories of Personal Data
” about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offenses.
How do we use your personal information?
General Use
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it as listed below unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will update this Privacy Policy and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
What is our “legal basis” for processing your Personal Data?
In respect of each of the purposes for which we use your personal data, the GDPR requires us to ensure that we have a “legal basis” for that use. Most commonly, we will rely on one of the following legal bases:
Where we need to perform a contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you (“
Contractual Necessity
”).
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests (“
Legitimate Interests
”). More detail about the specific legitimate interests pursued in respect of each purpose we use your personal data for is set out in bullet form below.
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation (“
Compliance with Law
”).
We use your personal information in the following ways:
Facilitate the creation of and secure your Account on our network;
Identify you as a user in our system;
When you create an Account, you will receive e-mail from us to verify ownership of the email address provided when your Account was created;
We may use your e-mail address information to provide you with administrative email notifications, such as order status information and updates;
Provide the Services you request;
Provide improved administration of our Website and Services;
Respond to your inquires and other requests;
For fraud protection and/or to verify your identity; and
Send newsletters, surveys, offers and other promotional materials related to our Services and for other marketing purposes of Handwrytten.
User Testimonials.
We often receive testimonials and comments from users who have had positive experiences with our Services. We occasionally publish such content. When we publish this content, we may identify our users by their first and last name, company name and may also indicate their home city. We obtain the user’s consent prior to posting his or her name along with the testimonial.
Creation of Anonymous Data.
We may create anonymous information records from your Specifications and any personal information we collect by excluding information (such as your name) that makes the information personally identifiable to you. We use this anonymous information to analyze request and usage patterns so that we may enhance the content of our Website and improve our Services, including our pricing algorithms. We reserve the right to use anonymous information for any purpose and disclose anonymous information to third parties at our sole discretion.
What happens when you do not provide necessary personal data?
Where we
need
to process your personal data either to comply with the law or to perform the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you. For example, we may not be able to provide you with the functionalities of the Website (e.g., setting up your account or providing a quote) or we may not be able to respond to or fulfil a request you make of us (e.g., for a demonstration of the products).
In this case, we may have to suspend your Account but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
Do we share your information with any third-parties?
We disclose your personal information as described below and as described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.
Third Party Service Providers. We may share your personal information with third party service providers to: provide you with the Services that we offer you through our Website; to conduct quality assurance testing; to facilitate the creation of accounts; to provide technical support; to advertise our services to you through an ad network, and/or to provide other services to Handwrytten.  We
do not
share any order data including addresses, messages, credit cards or any other private data.
Corporate Restructuring. We may share some or all of your personal information in connection with or during the negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition or dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving sale, transfer, divestiture or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets. In the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership, personal information may also be transferred as a business asset. If another company acquires our company, business or assets, that company will possess the personal information collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding the personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Other Disclosures. Regardless of any of the choices you make regarding your personal information (as described below), Handwrytten may disclose personal information if it believes in good faith that such disclosure is necessary (a) in connection with any legal investigation; (b) to comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on Handwrytten; (c) to protect or defend the rights of Handwrytten or users of the Website or Services; and/or (d) to investigate or assist in preventing any violation or potential violation of the law, this Privacy Policy or our Terms of Use.
Personal Data Security
We have put in place commercially reasonable security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorized way, altered or disclosed.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any actual or suspected personal data breach. In the event of any such breach, we have systems in place to work with applicable regulators. In addition, in certain circumstances (e.g., where we are legally required to do so) we may notify you of breaches affecting your personal data.
We will only retain your personal data for so long as we reasonably need to use it for the purposes set out above, unless a longer
retention
period is required by law (for example for regulatory purposes).
We limit access to your personal data to those employees and other staff who have a business need to have such access. All such people are subject to a contractual duty of confidentiality.
Personal Data Storage
We will only retain your personal data for so long as we reasonably need to use it for the purposes set out above, unless a longer retention period is required by law (for example for regulatory purposes).
Your Rights Relating to Your Personal Data
Under certain circumstances, by law you have the right to:
Request access to your personal data.
This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you.
This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you corrected.
Request erasure of your personal data.
This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us to continue to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have exercised your right to object to processing (see below).
Object to processing your personal data.
This right exists where we are relying on a Legitimate Interest as the legal basis for our processing and there is something about your particular situation, which makes you want to object to processing on this ground. You also have the right to object where we are processing your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes.
Request the restriction of processing of your personal data.
This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of personal data about you, for example, if you want us to establish the accuracy or the reason for processing it.
Request the transfer of your personal data.
We will provide you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent.
This right only exists where we are relying on consent to process your personal data (“
Consent Withdrawal
”).
How to Exercise Your Rights
If you want to exercise any of the rights described above (except Consent Withdrawal, on which see below), please contact us by e-mail at contact@handwrytten.com or you can reach us by telephone at 888-284-5197.
We rely on our Legitimate Interests as the legal basis for the processing of your personal data that is involved in sending you marketing communications. If you wish to exercise your right to object to the processing of your personal datafor this purpose, you may do so by following the opt-out processes outlined in the marketing email you received or by contacting us directly (please see contact information below). Following your exercise of your right to object, we will promptly cease processing your personal data for the purpose of sending you marketing communications. Despite your indicated e-mail preferences, we may send you service related communications, including notices of any updates to our Terms of Use or Privacy Policy.
Typically, you will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights outlined above). However, except in relation to Consent Withdrawal, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive, or, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
Complaints
If you would like to make a complaint regarding this Privacy Policy or our practices in relation to your Personal Data, please contact us at: contact@handwrytten.om We will reply to your complaint as soon as we can.
If you feel that your complaint has not been adequately resolved, please note that the GDPR gives you the right to contact your local data protection supervisory authority.
Privacy and Third-Party Links
This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by our Website and Services. In an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may include third-party links on our Website. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies, and we do not have control over and do not review these linked sites. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our Website and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work).
Online Policy Only
This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected through our Website and Services and not to information collected by us offline.
Do Not Track Signals
Some web browsers may transmit “do not track” signals to the websites and other online services with which your web browser communicates. There is no standard that governs what, if anything, websites should do when they receive these signals. We currently do not take action in response to these signals. If and when a standard is established, we may revise our policy on responding to these signals.
Still need help?
Send us a note.
*First Name:
*Last Name:
Company:
Phone:
*Email:
Submit
Δ
Thank you.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience.
We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.
Accept
Read More
Sub-policy 8
http://instagram.com/legal/privacy/:
Privacy Center home
Search
Privacy topics
More privacy resources
Privacy Policy
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
What information do we collect?
How do we use your information?
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
How do we share information with third parties?
How do the Meta Companies work together?
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
How long do we keep your information?
How do we transfer information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
How will you know the Policy has changed?
How to contact Meta with questions
Legal basis information
Other policies and articles
Settings
Privacy Policy
How we use info for AI at Meta
Based on feedback from regulators, we’re still delaying our plans to use your information from Meta Products to develop and improve
AI at Meta
. We’ll let you know before we start using this information for this purpose, and how you can exercise your right to object.
Other updates
We're updating our Privacy Policy. The updates go into effect on April 7, 2025.
Read the new policy.
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
Effective November 14, 2024 |
View printable version
|
See previous versions
Highlights
We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use
Meta Products
in the way that’s right for you.
In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of this Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you.
It's important to us that you know how to control your privacy, so we also show you where you can manage your information in the settings of the Meta Products you use. You can
update these settings
to shape your experience.
Read the full Policy below.
What Products does this Policy cover?
Learn more in Privacy Center about managing your privacy
What information do we collect?
Highlights
The information we collect and process about you depends on how you use our
Products
. For example, we collect different information if you sell furniture on Marketplace than if you post a reel on Instagram. When you use our Products, we collect some information about you
even if you don't have an account
.
Here's the information we collect:
Your activity and information you provide
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
Information from partners, vendors and other third parties
What if you don’t let us collect certain information?
Some information is required for our Products to work. Other information is optional, but without it, the quality of your experience might be affected.
Learn more
What if the information we collect doesn’t identify individuals?
In some cases information is de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized by third parties so that it no longer identifies individuals before it’s made available to us. We use this information as described below without trying to re-identify individuals.
Take control
Manage the information we collect about you
Privacy Center
How do we use your information?
Highlights
We use
information we collect
to provide a personalized experience to you, including ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products), along with the other purposes we explain in detail below.
For some of these purposes, we use information
across our Products
from the accounts you choose to add to your Accounts Center, and
across your devices
. The information we use for these purposes is automatically processed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use
manual review
to access and review your information.
To use less information that’s connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information as described in this section.
Here are the ways we use your information:
To provide, personalize and improve our Products
We use information we have to provide and improve our
Products
. This includes personalizing features, content and
recommendations
, such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
, Stories and ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products). We use
information with special protections
you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads.
Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve our Products:
How we show ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
How we use information to improve our Products
How we use location-related information
To promote safety, security and integrity
We use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products.
Learn more
To provide measurement, analytics and business services
Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses or share content. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working.
Learn more
To communicate with you
We communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact information you've entered on your profile.
Learn more
To research and innovate for social good
We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct and support research.
Learn more
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
Highlights
On Meta Products
Learn more about the different cases when your information can be shared on our
Products
:
People and accounts you share and communicate with
Content others share or reshare about you
Public content
With integrated partners
You can choose to connect with
integrated partners
who use our Products. If you do, these integrated partners receive information about you and your activity.
These integrated partners can always access information that’s public on our Products. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handle your information:
When you use an integrated partner’s product or service
When you interact with someone else’s content on an integrated partner’s product or service
How integrated partners handle your information
Take control
Learn more about audiences
Privacy Center
Manage apps and websites
How do we share information with third parties?
Highlights
We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also require
partners
and other
third parties
to follow rules about how they can and cannot use and disclose the information we provide.
Here’s more detail about who we share information with:
Partners
Advertisers and Audience Network publishers (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
Partners who use our analytics services
Partners who offer goods or services on our Products and commerce services platforms
Integrated partners
Vendors
Measurement vendors
Marketing vendors
Service providers
Service providers
Third parties
External researchers
AI integrations
Other third parties
We also share information with other
third parties
in response to legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Read the Policy
.
And if we sell or transfer all or part of our business to someone else, in some cases we’ll give the new owner your information as part of that transaction, but only as the law allows.
How do the Meta Companies work together?
Highlights
We are part of the
Meta Companies
that provide Meta Company Products.
Meta Company Products
include all the
Meta Products
covered by this Policy, plus other products like WhatsApp and more.
We share information we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with the other Meta Companies.
Learn more
about how we transfer information to other countries.
We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, Meta acts as a
service provider
for other Meta Companies. We act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms.
Why we share across the Meta Companies
Meta Products share information with other Meta Companies:
To promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable laws
To provide optional features and integrations
To understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products
See some examples
of why we share.
More resources
Review the privacy policies of the other Meta Companies
Facebook Help Center
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
Highlights
Under applicable data protection law, companies must have a legal basis to process personal data. When we talk about "processing personal data," we mean the ways we collect, use and share your information, as we described in the other sections of this Policy above.
What is our legal basis?
You have the following rights under GDPR and other relevant data protection laws:
Access and correct information
Withdraw consent
Port your information
Download your information
Erase information
Object
Make a complaint
How long do we keep your information?
Highlights
We keep information as long as we need it to provide our Products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. Here’s what we consider when we decide:
If we need it to operate or provide our Products. For example, we need to keep some of your information to maintain your account.
Learn more
.
The feature we use it for, and how that feature works. For example, messages sent using Messenger’s vanish mode are retained for less time than regular messages.
Learn more
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
See some examples
.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products
In some instances and for specific reasons, we’ll keep information for an extended period of time.
Read our Policy
about when we may preserve your information.
How do we transfer information?
Highlights
Why is information transferred to other countries?
Where is information transferred?
How do we safeguard your information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
Highlights
We access, preserve, use and share your information:
In response to legal requests, like search warrants, court orders, production orders or subpoenas. These requests come from
third parties
such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
Learn more
about when we respond to legal requests.
In accordance with applicable law
To promote the safety, security and integrity of
Meta Products
, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
.
We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time.
Learn more
.
How will you know the Policy has changed?
We'll notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. You’ll have the opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our Products.
How to contact Meta with questions
You can learn more about how privacy works on
Facebook
and on
Instagram
, and in the
Facebook Help Center
. If you have questions about this Policy, or have questions, complaints or requests regarding your information, you can contact us as described below.
The data controller responsible for your information is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, which you can
contact online
, or by mail at:
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited
ATTN: Privacy Operations
Merrion Road
Dublin 4
D04 X2K5, Ireland
Contact the Data Protection Officer
for Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with Meta Platforms Ireland's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, or your local supervisory authority.
Legal basis information
Consent
We process information as described below when you have given us your consent to do so, which we may ask through in-product experiences, to enable particular features, or to enable device-based settings. The categories of information we use and why and how they are processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Processing information with special protections that you provide so we can share it with those you choose, to provide, personalise and improve our Products and to undertake analytics.  We’ll collect, store, publish and apply automated, or sometimes manual, processing for these purposes.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Any information with special protections that you choose to provide, such as your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, or as part of surveys you choose to participate in, and where you have given your explicit consent
Personalizing ads on the Meta Products:
If we show you ads on Meta Products, including Meta Audience Network, depending on your
settings
, we will use your information across the account(s) in your Accounts Centre to show you ads, including using cookies, to personalize your ads and measure how those ads perform.
If we show you ads on Meta Products, our ads system automatically processes information that we've collected and stored associated with you. In accordance with your Ad settings, our ads system uses this information to understand your interests and your preferences and personalize your ads across the Meta Products.
Learn more
about your Ad settings.
Our ads system prioritizes what ad to show you based on what audience advertisers want to reach. Then we match the ad to people who might be interested.
Learn more
about how our ads system works.
Learn more
about how we choose the ads that you see.
You can change your choice at any time in your “Ad Preferences”.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content, including ads, that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings (e.g. GPS location)
Information about the network that you connect your device to
Location-related  information
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Using information from partners, vendors and other third parties to tailor the ads you see: If we show you ads on Meta Products, with your consent we’ll use information that partners, vendors and other third parties provide us about activity off the Meta Products and that we have associated with you to personalize ads that we show you on the Meta Products, and on websites, apps and devices that use our advertising services. We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products, see the
Cookies Policy
for more information.
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request when you use some of our Products. For example, when you direct us we share your email address or other information that you might choose to share with an advertiser so that they can contact you with additional information about a promoted product. The type of third party and categories of information shared depend on the circumstances of what you ask us to share.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like your contact, profile or other information, like posts or comments
Collecting information that you allow us to receive through the device-based settings you enable (such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos) which we use to provide the features or services described when you enable the setting.
App, browser and device information
:
Information from device settings
Verifying your identity or account, or helping to protect against suspicious activity including impersonation and identity misuse, using face analysis which may include facial recognition technology if you select it.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Your account information, profile photo, or
your photo or video selfie, if you choose to provide it
When we process information that you provide to us based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You also have the right to port that information you provide to us based on your consent. To exercise your rights, visit your device-based settings, and visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings and our Help Centers.
Performance of a contract
For all people who have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract (for example, by being the age of majority or above in their country of residence), we process information as necessary to conclude and perform our contracts with you (the
Meta Terms
and
Instagram Terms
, the
Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Terms of Service
, the
Supplemental Portal Terms of Service
, the
Meta AI Terms of Service
and the
Supplemental Meta View Terms of Service
, together, the “terms"). The purposes for which we process information for our contracts, the categories of information we use and how information is processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Personalising the Meta Products (other than ads): Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories); and
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, and in some instances not only automated processing but also manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features,
Undertake analytics, and
Facilitate your purchases and payments on Meta Pay or other Meta checkout experiences.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts, identity and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the
Oversight Board
,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review and, in some cases, remove content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To communicate with you: We use information you’ve given us (like contact information on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
We’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your e-mail address to respond when you contact us.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Transferring, storing or processing your information globally. We share information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers and externally with our partners, third parties and service providers. Because Meta is global, with users, partners and employees around the world, transfers are necessary to:
Operate and provide the services described in the terms that apply to the Meta Product(s) you are using. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe; and
So we can fix, analyze and improve our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
We'll use the information we have to provide these services; if you choose not to provide certain information (other than limited account information which is necessary to create a
Facebook account
or an
Instagram account
), your experience using the Meta Products may be affected. For example, you may see less relevant recommendations on the Products, or your use of the Products may be restricted.
When we process information that you provide to us as necessary for concluding or performing our contracts with you, you have the right to port it under the GDPR. To exercise your rights, visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings, or learn more in our Help Centers.
Compliance with a legal obligation
The categories of information we use, why we process your information based on compliance with a legal obligation and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
For processing information when the law requires it: Where we are under an obligation to disclose information such as, for example, if we receive a valid legal request for certain information (such as an Irish search warrant), we will access, preserve and / or share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others.
The way in which the information will be processed depends on the specific circumstances, see
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?
for more.
Information for Law Enforcement Authorities
provides information on the operational guidelines law enforcement needs to follow.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to process the information we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters: where we are in receipt of a court order or otherwise required to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006, or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required.
Consumer matters: to comply with our obligations under consumer law such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014.
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations such as the Companies Act 2014.
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018.
Financial matters: to comply with our obligations under applicable financial services law such as the European Union (Payment Services) Regulations 2018
View the
current list of laws
which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Meta which results in the processing of information. New laws may be enacted or other obligations may become binding on our processing of your information which may require us to process your information and we will update this list from time to time.
The categories of information depend on the specific circumstances of each mandatory request or obligation. Only the information necessary to comply with the relevant legal obligation will be processed. For example, for civil matters, this will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information). However, depending on the circumstances it could include the following:
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms ("legitimate interests"). The categories of information we use, the legitimate interests relied on and why and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Legitimate interests relied on
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
If you are a registered user of the Meta Products
For people under the age of majority (under 18, in most applicable countries) who have a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity.
Personalising the Meta Products: Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
News Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories),
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Learn more
about how we use information about you to personalise your experience on and across Meta Products and how we choose the ads that you see.
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
(other than using partner data to tailor ads to you)
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, automated processing, and in some instances manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide advertising products,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features, and
Undertake analytics.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To enable people under the age of majority to use and connect to the Meta Products in an easy and intuitive manner.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public profile information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review, and in some cases remove, content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on the Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
To secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, and to protect the safety of people under the age of majority, including to prevent exploitation or other harms to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable.
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating with you:
We use information you have given us (like contact information you’ve entered on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
we’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your email address to respond to you when you contact us.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
For all people, including those under the age of majority
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and how their content is performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help users, businesses, and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their content, websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realise using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our other partners; and
In the interests of developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
If we show you ads on Meta Products:
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, advertisers and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, advertisers and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's ads, content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and ads, and how their content and ads are performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help businesses, advertisers and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, advertisers, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realize using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our advertisers and other partners; and
In the interests of advertisers, developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content and advertising on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating, engaging and sharing across the Meta Company Products:
To provide a seamless, consistent and richer, innovative, experience across the Meta Company Products and to enable cross app interactions, sharing, viewing and engaging with content, including posts and videos.
In our interest to provide seamless, consistent and richer, innovative communication, engagement and sharing experiences across Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Business intelligence and analytics:
To understand, in aggregate, your usage of and across our Products, to accurately count people and businesses; and
Validate metrics directly related to these, in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to adhere to (shareholder/earning) reporting obligations.
In our interest to measure the use of our Products and count the people who interact with our Products in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to enable provision of accurate and reliable reporting.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Location-related information
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you:
Depending on your settings, we’ll share marketing communications with you.
We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide, including your contact information like e-mail address
App, browser and device information
:
Device identifiers
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from researchers we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
For example, we analyse information that we have about migration patterns during crises. This helps relief organizations get aid to the right places.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation of information as well as manual (human) review, and share information, as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programmes.
In our interest and those of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Anonymising your information
In some cases, we anonymise information we have about you, such as your activity on and off our Products, and use the resulting information, for example, to provide and improve our Meta Products, including ads.
In our interest to fund our provision of the Meta Products, provide relevant advertising to users, and improve ads delivery and Meta Products;
In the interests of advertisers to help them to reach relevant audiences who may be interested in their information, products or services;
In the interests of users that Meta practice data minimisation and privacy by design in respect of their information
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests.
See
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promote safety, integrity and security in limited circumstances outside of the performance of our contracts with you:
Our Meta Products are delivered to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We apply automated processing, as well as manual (human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request:
You may choose to share your contact information, profile information and other data with our partners: The types of partners with whom information is shared depends on the features of our service that you use and the manner in which you choose to use them. For example, you may choose to share your email address, birthday, friends list, hometown or other information with a partner if you choose to connect your Facebook account to their app.
To deliver  quality experiences to users who use our partners’ apps, in our best interest and in the interest of our users.
To facilitate and improve users' experiences in their apps, in the interests of our partners who want to facilitate and improve consumers' experiences in their apps.
Information you provide (for example, your email address, birthday, friends’ list and hometown).
If you are using a device we cannot associate with a registered user of the Meta Products
Promote safety, integrity and security:
Our Meta Products are delivered in a manner to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We collect and store information we have for this purpose and apply automated processing and manual (i.e. human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and research and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users generally and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you: We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail address.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide including your contact information like your e-mail address
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from research partners we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programs.
In our interest and in the interest of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to
legal requests
.
See '
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
' for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Provide and improve our Products:
We use information we collect to:
Provide products and curate features
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To improve the Meta Company Products in a consistent manner, to correct technical glitches, and to optimise functionality.
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third party, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, such processing; to exercise your right, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings.
We will consider several factors when assessing an objection, including: our users' reasonable expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort. Unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons, your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
If you are under the age of majority in your country and there is no enforceable contract in place, we will take particular account of the fact that you are below the age of majority when conducting our assessment of our legitimate interests and the balancing  of your interests and rights. We provide specific protections for people below the age of majority to ensure that they are aware of the risks, consequences, safeguards and rights associated with the processing of their information.
Tasks carried out in the public interest
The purposes for which we anticipate processing your information as a task in the public interest, the processing we undertake, and the information we use is set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Undertaking research for social good:  We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to undertake research and other tasks in the public interest, such as sharing relevant research data with third parties like international organisations and academics both in and outside the EEA. The public interest is required to be laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Articles 168 and 179 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To promote safety, integrity and security: In limited fact specific circumstances, we will access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others where necessary to perform a task in the public interest. For example, we might share information with others for the purposes of combatting unlawful or harmful behaviour where it is in the public interest to do so and where the public interest is laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Section 53 of the Data Protection Act 2018 and Regulation (EU) 2021/1232.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from Partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our processing. To exercise your rights, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings. In assessing an objection, we will consider several factors, including: our users' reasonable user expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort.
Your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information, unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
Protection of your vital interests or that of another person
The categories of information we use, why we process your information to protect your vital interests or those of another person and how it’s processed are set out below
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Protecting the vital interests of you and/or those of another person: We apply automated processing techniques, conduct manual (human) review and share information, including with law enforcement and others, in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. These vital interests include protection of your life, physical or mental health, wellbeing or integrity or that of others, and detecting, removing, and reporting illegal content. In protecting such vital interests we aim to combat harmful conduct and promote safety, integrity and security, including, for example, when we are investigating reports of harmful conduct or taking appropriate action, such as sharing information with relevant authorities, when someone needs help.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content,
subject to applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Allow the use of cookies from Instagram on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Instagram, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Allow the use of cookies from Instagram on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Instagram, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Sub-policy 9
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Skip to main content
LinkedIn respects your privacy
LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including
professional and job ads
) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our
Cookie Policy
.
Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your
settings
.
Accept
Reject
Privacy Policy
Effective September 18, 2024
LinkedIn's global Privacy Policy below applies worldwide. If you're located in the EU, EEA, UK, or Switzerland, you can review additional information that will apply to you in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
Your Privacy Matters
LinkedIn’s mission is to connect the world’s professionals to allow them to be more productive and successful. Central to this mission is our commitment to be transparent about the data we collect about you, how it is used and with whom it is shared.
This Privacy Policy applies when you use our Services (described below). We offer our users
choices
about the data we collect, use and share as described in this Privacy Policy,
Cookie Policy
, Settings and our
Help Center.
Choices
﻿
Settings
are available to Members of LinkedIn and Visitors are provided separate controls.
Learn More
.
Table of Contents
Data We Collect
How We Use Your Data
How We Share Information
Your Choices and Obligations
Other Important Information
Introduction
We are a social network and online platform for professionals. People use our Services to find and be found for business opportunities, to connect with others and find information. Our Privacy Policy applies to any Member or Visitor to our Services.
Our registered users (“Members”) share their professional identities, engage with their network, exchange knowledge and professional insights, post and view relevant content, learn and develop skills, and find business and career opportunities. Content and data on some of our Services is viewable to non-Members (“Visitors”).
We use the term “Designated Countries” to refer to countries in the European Union (EU), European Economic Area (EEA), and Switzerland. Members and Visitors located in the Designated Countries or the UK can review additional information in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
Services
This Privacy Policy, including our Cookie Policy applies to your use of our Services.
This Privacy Policy applies to LinkedIn.com, LinkedIn-branded apps, and other LinkedIn-branded sites, apps, communications and services offered by LinkedIn (“Services”), including off-site Services, such as our ad services and the “Apply with LinkedIn” and “Share with LinkedIn” plugins, but excluding services that state that they are offered under a different privacy policy. For California residents, additional disclosures required by California law may be found in our
California Privacy Disclosure
.
Data Controllers and Contracting Parties
If you are in the “Designated Countries”, LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company (“LinkedIn Ireland”) will be the controller of your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services.
If you are outside of the Designated Countries, LinkedIn Corporation will be the controller of (or business responsible for) your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services.
As a Visitor or Member of our Services, the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to this Privacy Policy and other documents referenced in this Privacy Policy, as well as updates.
Change
Changes to the Privacy Policy apply to your use of our Services after the “effective date.”
LinkedIn (“we” or “us”) can modify this Privacy Policy, and if we make material changes to it, we will provide notice through our Services, or by other means, to provide you the opportunity to review the changes before they become effective. If you object to any changes, you may
close your account.
You acknowledge that your continued use of our Services after we publish or send a notice about our changes to this Privacy Policy means that the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to the updated Privacy Policy, as of its effective date.
1. Data We Collect
1.1 Data You Provide To Us
You provide data to create an account with us.
Registration
To create an account you need to provide data including your name, email address and/or mobile number, general location (e.g., city), and a password. If you register for a premium Service, you will need to provide payment (e.g., credit card) and billing information.
You create your LinkedIn profile (a complete profile helps you get the most from our Services).
Profile
You have
choices
about the information on your profile, such as your education, work experience, skills, photo,
city or area
, endorsements, and optional
verifications
of information on your profile (such as verifications of your identity or workplace). You don’t have to provide additional information on your profile; however, profile information helps you to get more from our Services, including helping recruiters and business opportunities find you. It’s your choice whether to include
sensitive information
on your profile and to make that sensitive information public. Please do not post or add personal data to your profile that you would not want to be publicly available.
You may give other data to us, such as by syncing your calendar.
Posting and Uploading
We collect personal data from you when you provide, post or upload it to our Services, such as when you fill out a form, (e.g., with demographic data or salary), respond to a survey, or submit a resume or fill out a job application on our Services.
If you sync your calendars with our Services, we will collect your calendar meeting information to keep growing your network by suggesting connections for you and others, and by providing information about events, e.g. times, places, attendees and contacts.
You don’t have to post or upload personal data; though if you don’t, it may limit your ability to grow and engage with your network over our Services.
1.2 Data From Others
Others may post or write about you.
Content and News
You and others may post content that includes information about you (as part of articles, posts, comments, videos) on our Services. We also may collect public information about you, such as professional-related news and accomplishments, and make it available as part of our Services, including, as permitted by your settings, in notifications to others of
mentions in the news
.
Others may sync their calendar with our Services
Contact and Calendar Information
We receive personal data (including contact information) about you when others import or sync their calendar with our Services, associate their contacts with Member profiles, scan and upload business cards, or send messages using our Services (including invites or connection requests). If you or others opt-in to sync email accounts with our Services, we will also collect “email header” information that we can associate with Member profiles.
Customers and partners may provide data to us.
Partners
We receive personal data (e.g., your job title and work email address) about you when you use the services of our customers and partners, such as employers or prospective employers and applicant tracking systems providing us job application data.
Related Companies and Other Services
We receive data about you when you use some of the other services provided by us or our
Affiliates
, including Microsoft. For example, you may choose to send us information about your contacts in Microsoft apps and services, such as Outlook, for improved professional networking activities on our Services
1.3 Service Use
We log your visits and use of our Services, including mobile apps.
We log usage data when you visit or otherwise use our Services, including our sites, app and platform technology, such as when you view or click on content (e.g., learning video) or ads (on or off our sites and apps), perform a search, install or update one of our mobile apps, share articles or apply for jobs. We use log-ins, cookies,
device information
and internet protocol (“IP”) addresses to identify you and log your use.
1.4 Cookies and Similar Technologies
We collect data through cookies and similar technologies.
As further described in our
Cookie Policy
, we use cookies and similar technologies (e.g., pixels and ad tags) to collect data (e.g., device IDs) to recognize you and your device(s) on, off and across different services and devices where you have engaged with our Services. We also allow some others to use cookies as described in our Cookie Policy. If you are outside the Designated Countries, we also collect (or rely on others who collect) information about your device where you have not engaged with our Services (e.g., ad ID, IP address, operating system and browser information) so we can provide our Members with relevant ads and better understand their effectiveness.
Learn more
. You can
opt out
from our use of data from cookies and similar technologies that track your behavior on the sites of others for ad targeting and other ad-related purposes. For Visitors,
the controls are
here
.
1.5 Your Device and Location
We receive data through cookies and similar technologies
When you visit or leave our Services (including some plugins and our cookies or similar technology on the sites of others), we receive the URL of both the site you came from and the one you go to and the time of your visit. We also get information about your network and device (e.g., IP address, proxy server, operating system, web browser and add-ons, device identifier and features, cookie IDs and/or ISP, or your mobile carrier). If you use our Services from a mobile device, that device will send us data about your location based on your phone settings. We will ask you to opt-in before we use GPS or other tools to identify your precise location.
1.6 Communications
If you communicate through our Services, we learn about that.
We collect information about you when you communicate with others through our Services (e.g., when you send, receive, or engage with messages, events, or connection requests, including our marketing communications). This may include information that indicates who you are communicating with and when. We also use
automated systems
to support and protect our site. For example, we use such systems to suggest possible responses to messages and to manage or block content that violates our User Agreement or
Professional Community Policies
.
1.7 Workplace and School Provided Information
When your organization (e.g., employer or school) buys a premium Service for you to use, they give us data about you.
Others buying our Services for your use, such as your employer or your school, provide us with personal data about you and your eligibility to use the Services that they purchase for use by their workers, students or alumni. For example, we will get contact information for “
LinkedIn Page
” (formerly Company Page) administrators and for authorizing users of our premium Services, such as our recruiting, sales or learning products.
1.8 Sites and Services of Others
We get data when you visit sites that include our ads, cookies or plugins or when you log-in to others’ services with your LinkedIn account.
We receive information about your visits and interaction with services provided by others when you log-in with LinkedIn or visit others’ services that include some of our plugins (such as “Apply with LinkedIn”) or our ads, cookies or similar technologies.
1.9 Other
We are improving our Services, which means we get new data and create new ways to use data.
Our Services are dynamic, and we often introduce new features, which may require the collection of new information. If we collect materially different personal data or materially change how we collect, use or share your data, we will notify you and may also modify this Privacy Policy.
Affiliates
Affiliates are companies controlling, controlled by or under common control with us, including, for example, LinkedIn Ireland, LinkedIn Corporation, LinkedIn Singapore and Microsoft Corporation.
2. How We Use Your Data
We use your data to provide, support, personalize and develop our Services.
How we use your personal data will depend on which Services you use, how you use those Services and the choices you make in your
settings
. We may use your personal data to improve, develop, and provide products and Services, develop and train artificial intelligence (AI) models, develop, provide, and personalize our Services, and gain insights with the help of AI, automated systems, and inferences, so that our Services can be more relevant and useful to you and others. You can review LinkedIn's Responsible AI principles
here
and learn more about our approach to generative AI
here
.
Learn more
about the inferences we may make, including as to
your age and gender
and how we use them.
2.1 Services
Our Services help you connect with others, find and be found for work and business opportunities, stay informed, get training and be more productive.
We use your data to authorize access to our Services and honor your settings.
Stay Connected
Our Services allow you to stay in touch and up to date with colleagues, partners, clients, and other professional contacts. To do so, you can “connect” with the professionals who you choose, and who also wish to “connect” with you. Subject to your and their
settings
, when you connect with other Members, you will be able to search each others’ connections in order to exchange professional opportunities.
We use data about you (such as your profile, profiles you have viewed or data provided through address book uploads or partner integrations) to help others find your profile, suggest connections for you and others (e.g. Members who share your contacts or job experiences) and enable you to invite others to become a Member and connect with you. You can also opt-in to allow us to use your precise location or proximity to others for certain tasks (e.g. to suggest other nearby Members for you to connect with, calculate the commute to a new job, or notify your connections that you are at a professional event).
It is your choice whether to invite someone to our Services, send a connection request, or allow another Member to become your connection. When you invite someone to connect with you, your invitation will include your network and basic profile information (e.g., name, profile photo, job title, region). We will send invitation reminders to the person you invited. You can
choose
whether or not to share your own list of connections with your connections.
Visitors have
choices
about how we use their data.
Stay Informed
Our Services allow you to stay informed about news, events and ideas regarding professional topics you care about, and from professionals you respect. Our Services also allow you to improve your professional skills, or learn new ones. We use the data we have about you (e.g., data you provide, data we collect from your engagement with our Services and inferences we make from the data we have about you), to personalize our Services for you, such as by recommending or ranking relevant content and conversations on our Services. We also use the data we have about you to suggest skills you could add to your profile and skills that you might need to pursue your next opportunity. So, if you let us know that you are interested in a new skill (e.g., by watching a learning video), we will use this information to personalize content in your feed, suggest that you follow certain Members on our site, or suggest related learning content to help you towards that new skill. We use your content, activity and other data, including your name and photo, to provide notices to your network and others. For example, subject to your
settings
, we may notify others that you have updated your profile, posted content, took a
social action
, used a feature, made new connections or were
mentioned in the news
.
Career
Our Services allow you to explore careers, evaluate educational opportunities, and seek out, and be found for, career opportunities. Your profile can be found by those looking to hire (for a job or a
specific task
) or be hired by you. We will use your data to recommend jobs and show you and others relevant professional contacts (e.g., who work at a company, in an industry, function or location or have certain skills and connections). You can signal that you are
interested
in changing jobs and share information with recruiters. We will use your data to recommend jobs to you and you to recruiters. We may use automated systems to provide content and recommendations to help make our Services more relevant to our Members, Visitors and customers. Keeping your profile accurate and up-to-date may help you better connect to others and to opportunities through our Services.
Productivity
Our Services allow you to collaborate with colleagues, search for potential clients, customers, partners and others to do business with. Our Services allow you to communicate with other Members and schedule and prepare meetings with them. If your
settings
allow, we scan messages to provide “bots” or similar tools that facilitate tasks such as scheduling meetings, drafting responses, summarizing messages or recommending next steps.
Learn more
.
2.2 Premium Services
Our premium Services help paying users to search for and contact Members through our Services, such as searching for and contacting job candidates, sales leads and co-workers, manage talent and promote content.
We sell premium Services that provide our customers and subscribers with customized-search functionality and tools (including messaging and activity alerts) as part of our talent, marketing and sales solutions. Customers can export limited information from your profile, such as name, headline, current company, current title, and general location (e.g., Dublin), such as to manage sales leads or talent, unless you
opt-out
. We do not provide contact information to customers as part of these premium Services without your consent. Premium Services customers can store information they have about you in our premium Services, such as a resume or contact information or sales history. The data stored about you by these customers is subject to the policies of those customers. Other enterprise Services and features that use your data include
TeamLink
and
LinkedIn Pages
(e.g., content analytics and followers).
2.3 Communications
We contact you and enable communications between Members. We offer settings to control what messages you receive and how often you receive some types of messages.
We will contact you through email, mobile phone, notices posted on our websites or apps, messages to your LinkedIn inbox, and other ways through our Services, including text messages and push notifications. We will send you messages about the availability of our Services, security, or other service-related issues. We also send messages about how to use our Services, network updates, reminders, job suggestions and promotional messages from us and our partners. You may change your communication
preferences
at any time. Please be aware that you cannot opt out of receiving service messages from us, including security and legal notices.
We also enable
communications
between you and others through our Services, including for example
invitations
,
InMail
,
groups
and
messages
between connections.
2.4 Advertising
We serve you tailored ads both on and off our Services. We offer you choices regarding personalized ads, but you cannot opt-out of seeing non-personalized ads.
We target (and measure the performance of) ads to Members, Visitors and others both on and off our Services directly or through a variety of partners, using the following data, whether separately or combined:
Data collected by advertising technologies on and off our Services using pixels, ad tags (e.g., when an advertiser installs a LinkedIn
tag
on their website), cookies, and other device identifiers;
Member-provided information (e.g., profile, contact information, title and industry);
Data from your use of our Services (e.g., search history, feed, content you read, who you follow or is following you, connections,
groups
participation, page visits, videos you watch, clicking on an ad, etc.), including as described in Section 1.3;
Information from advertising
partners
, vendors and
publishers
; and
Information inferred from data described above (e.g., using job titles from a profile to infer industry, seniority, and compensation bracket; using graduation dates to infer age or using first names or pronoun usage to infer gender; using your feed activity to infer your interests; or using device data to recognize you as a Member).
Learn more
about the inferences we make and how they may be used for advertising.
Learn more
about the ad technologies we use and our advertising services and partners. You can learn more about our compliance with laws in the Designated Countries or the UK in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
We will show you ads called
sponsored content
which look similar to non-sponsored content, except that they are labeled as advertising (e.g., as “ad” or “sponsored”). If you take a social action (such as like, comment or share) on these ads, your action is associated with your name and viewable by others, including the advertiser. Subject to your
settings
, if you take a social action on the LinkedIn Services, that action may be mentioned with related ads. For example, when you like a company we may include your name and photo when their sponsored content is shown.
Ad Choices
You have choices regarding our uses of certain categories of data to show you more relevant ads. Member settings
can be found here
. For Visitors,
the setting is here
.
Info to Ad Providers
We do not share your personal data with any third-party advertisers or ad networks except for: (i) hashed IDs or device identifiers (to the extent they are personal data in some countries); (ii) with your separate permission (e.g., in a lead generation form) or (iii) data already visible to any users of the Services (e.g., profile). However, if you view or click on an ad on or off our Services, the ad provider will get a signal that someone visited the page that displayed the ad, and they may, through the use of mechanisms such as cookies, determine it is you. Advertising partners can associate personal data collected by the advertiser directly from you with hashed IDs or device identifiers received from us. We seek to contractually require such advertising partners to obtain your explicit, opt-in consent before doing so where legally required, and in such instances, we take steps to ensure that consent has been provided before processing data from them.
2.5 Marketing
We promote our Services to you and others.
In addition to advertising our Services, we use Members’ data and content for invitations and communications promoting membership and network growth, engagement and our Services, such as by showing your connections that you have used a feature on our Services.
2.6 Developing Services and Research
We develop our Services and conduct research
Service Development
We use data, including public feedback, to conduct
research
and development for our Services in order to provide you and others with a better, more intuitive and personalized experience, drive membership growth and engagement on our Services, and help connect professionals to each other and to economic opportunity.
Other Research
We seek to create economic opportunity for Members of the global workforce and to help them be more productive and successful. We use the personal data available to us to research social, economic and workplace trends, such as jobs availability and skills needed for these
jobs
and policies that help bridge the gap in various industries and geographic areas. In some cases, we work with trusted third parties to perform this research, under
controls
that are designed to protect your privacy. We may also make public data available to
researchers
to enable assessment of the safety and legal compliance of our Services. We publish or allow others to publish economic insights, presented as aggregated data rather than personal data.
Surveys
Polls and surveys are conducted by us and others through our Services. You are not obligated to respond to polls or surveys, and you have choices about the information you provide. You may
opt-out
of survey invitations.
2.7 Customer Support
We use data to help you and fix problems.
We use data (which can include your communications) to investigate, respond to and resolve complaints and for Service issues (e.g., bugs).
2.8 Insights That Do Not Identify You
We use data to generate insights that do not identify you.
We use your
data
to perform analytics to produce and share insights that do not identify you. For example, we may use your data to generate statistics about our Members, their profession or industry, to calculate ad impressions served or clicked on (e.g., for basic business reporting to support billing and budget management or, subject to your
settings
, for reports to advertisers who may use them to inform their advertising campaigns), to show Members' information about engagement with a
post
or LinkedIn
Page
, to publish visitor demographics for a Service or create demographic workforce insights, or to understand usage of our services.
2.9 Security and Investigations
We use data for security, fraud prevention and investigations.
We and our Affiliates, including Microsoft, may use your data (including your communications) for security purposes or to prevent or investigate possible fraud or other violations of the law, our
User Agreement
and/or attempts to harm our Members, Visitors, company, Affiliates, or others.
Social Action
E.g. like, comment, follow, share
Partners
Partners include ad networks, exchanges and others
3. How We Share Information
3.1 Our Services
Any data that you include on your profile and any content you post or social action (e.g., likes, follows, comments, shares) you take on our Services will be seen by others, consistent with your settings.
Profile
Your profile is fully visible to all Members and customers of our Services. Subject to your
settings
, it can also be visible to others on or off of our Services (e.g., Visitors to our Services or users of third-party search tools). As detailed in our
Help Center
, your settings, degree of connection with the viewing Member, the subscriptions they may have, their
usage of our Services
, access channels and search types (e.g., by name or by keyword) impact the availability of your profile and whether they can view certain fields in your profile.
Posts, Likes, Follows, Comments, Messages
Our Services allow viewing and sharing information including through posts, likes, follows and comments.
When you share an article or a post (e.g., an update, image, video or article) publicly it can be viewed by everyone and re-shared anywhere (subject to your
settings
). Members, Visitors and others will be able to find and see your publicly-shared content, including your name (and photo if you have provided one).
In a
group
, posts are visible to others according to group type. For example, posts in private groups are visible to others in the group and posts in public groups are visible publicly. Your membership in groups is public and part of your profile, but you can change visibility in your
settings
.
Any information you share through companies’ or other organizations’ pages on our Services will be viewable by those organizations and others who view those pages' content.
When you follow a person or organization, you are visible to others and that “page owner” as a follower.
We let senders know when you act on their message, subject to your
settings
where applicable.
Subject to your
settings
, we let a Member know when you view their profile. We also give you
choices
about letting organizations know when you've viewed their Page.
When you like or re-share or comment on another’s content (including ads), others will be able to view these “social actions” and associate it with you (e.g., your name, profile and photo if you provided it).
Your employer can see how you use Services they provided for your work (e.g. as a recruiter or sales agent) and related information. We will not show them your job searches or personal messages.
Enterprise Accounts
Your employer may offer you access to our enterprise Services such as Recruiter, Sales Navigator, LinkedIn Learning or our advertising Campaign Manager. Your employer can review and manage your use of such enterprise Services.
Depending on the enterprise Service, before you use such Service, we will ask for permission to share with your employer relevant data from your profile or use of our non-enterprise Services. For example, users of Sales Navigator will be asked to share their “social selling index”, a score calculated in part based on their personal account activity. We understand that certain activities such as job hunting and personal messages are sensitive, and so we do not share those with your employer unless you choose to share it with them through our Services (for example, by applying for a new position in the same company or mentioning your job hunting in a message to a co-worker through our Services).
Subject to your
settings
, when you use workplace tools and services (e.g., interactive employee directory tools) certain of your data may also be made available to your employer or be connected with information we receive from your employer to enable these tools and services.
3.2 Communication Archival
Regulated Members may need to store communications outside of our Service.
Some Members (or their employers) need, for legal or professional compliance, to archive their communications and social media activity, and will use services of others to provide these archival services. We enable archiving of messages by and to those Members outside of our Services. For example, a financial advisor needs to archive communications with her clients through our Services in order to maintain her professional financial advisor license.
3.3 Others’ Services
You may link your account with others’ services so that they can look up your contacts’ profiles, post your shares on such platforms, or enable you to start conversations with your connections on such platforms. Excerpts from your profile will also appear on the services of others.
Subject to your
settings
, other services may look up your profile. When you opt to link your account with other services, personal data (e.g., your name, title, and company) will become available to them. The sharing and use of that personal data will be described in, or linked to, a consent screen when you opt to link the accounts. For example, you may link your Twitter or WeChat account to share content from our Services into these other services, or your email provider may give you the option to upload your LinkedIn contacts into its own service. Third-party services have their own privacy policies, and you may be giving them permission to use your data in ways we would not. You may
revoke
the link with such accounts.
The information you make available to others in our Services (e.g., information from your profile, your posts, your engagement with the posts, or message to Pages)
may be available to them on other services
. For example, search tools, mail and calendar applications, or talent and lead managers may show a user limited profile data (subject to your
settings
), and social media management tools or other platforms may display your posts. The information retained on these services may not reflect updates you make on LinkedIn.
3.4 Related Services
We share your data across our different Services and LinkedIn affiliated entities.
We will share your personal data with our Affiliates to provide and develop our Services. For example, we may refer a query to Bing in some instances, such as where you'd benefit from a more up to date response in a chat experience. In regions outside the Designated Countries, we may also share your publicly-shared content (such as your public LinkedIn posts) with our Affiliates, including Microsoft, to provide or develop their services.
Where allowed
, we may combine information internally across the different Services covered by this Privacy Policy to help our Services be more relevant and useful to you and others. For example, we may personalize your feed or job recommendations based on your learning history.
3.5 Service Providers
We may use others to help us with our Services.
We use others to help us provide our Services (e.g., maintenance, analysis, audit, payments, fraud detection, customer support, marketing and development). They will have access to your information (e.g., the contents of a customer support request) as reasonably necessary to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for other purposes. If you purchase a Service from us, we may use a payments service provider who may separately collect information about you (e.g., for fraud prevention or to comply with legal obligations).
3.6 Legal Disclosures
We may need to share your data when we believe it’s required by law or to help protect the rights and safety of you, us or others.
It is possible that we will need to disclose information about you when required by law, subpoena, or other legal process or if we have a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to (1) investigate, prevent or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities or to assist government enforcement agencies; (2) enforce our agreements with you; (3) investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations; (4) protect the security or integrity of our Services or the products or services of our Affiliates (such as by sharing with companies facing similar threats); or (5) exercise or protect the rights and safety of LinkedIn, our Members, personnel or others. We attempt to notify Members about legal demands for their personal data when appropriate in our judgment, unless prohibited by law or court order or when the request is an emergency. We may dispute such demands when we believe, in our discretion, that the requests are overbroad, vague or lack proper authority, but we do not promise to challenge every demand. To learn more see our
Data Request Guidelines
and
Transparency Report
.
3.7 Change in Control or Sale
We may share your data when our business is sold to others, but it must continue to be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We can also share your personal data as part of a sale, merger or change in control, or in preparation for any of these events. Any other entity which buys us or part of our business will have the right to continue to use your data, but only in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy unless you agree otherwise.
4. Your Choices & Obligations
4.1 Data Retention
We keep most of your personal data for as long as your account is open.
We generally retain your personal data as long as you keep your account open or as needed to provide you Services. This includes data you or others provided to us and data generated or inferred from your use of our Services. Even if you only use our Services when looking for a new job every few years, we will retain your information and keep your profile open, unless you close your account. In some cases we choose to retain certain information (e.g., insights about Services use) in a depersonalized or aggregated form.
4.2 Rights to Access and Control Your Personal Data
You can access or delete your personal data. You have many choices about how your data is collected, used and shared.
We provide many
choices
about the collection, use and sharing of your data, from deleting or correcting data you include in your
profile
and controlling the visibility of your
posts
to advertising
opt-outs
and
communication
controls. We offer you
settings
to control and manage the personal data we have about you.
For personal data that we have about you, you can:
Delete Data
: You can ask us to erase or delete all or some of your personal data (e.g., if it is no longer necessary to provide Services to you).
Change or Correct Data
: You can edit some of your personal data through your account. You can also ask us to change, update or fix your data in certain cases, particularly if it’s inaccurate.
Object to, or Limit or Restrict, Use of Data
: You can ask us to stop using all or some of your personal data (e.g., if we have no legal right to keep using it) or to limit our use of it (e.g., if your personal data is inaccurate or unlawfully held).
Right to Access and/or Take Your Data
: You can ask us for a copy of your personal data and can ask for a copy of personal data you provided in machine readable form.
Visitors can
learn more about how to make these requests here
. You may also contact us using the contact information below, and we will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws.
Residents in the
Designated Countries and the UK
, and
other regions
, may have additional rights under their laws.
4.3 Account Closure
We keep some of your data even after you close your account.
If you choose to close your
LinkedIn
account, your personal data will generally stop being visible to others on our Services within 24 hours. We generally delete closed account information within 30 days of account closure, except as noted below.
We retain your personal data even after you have closed your account if reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations (including law enforcement requests), meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, maintain security, prevent fraud and abuse (e.g., if we have
restricted
your account for breach of our
Professional Community Policies
), enforce our User Agreement, or fulfill your request to "unsubscribe" from further messages from us. We will retain de-personalized information after your account has been closed.
Information you have shared with others (e.g., through InMail, updates or group posts) will remain visible after you close your account or delete the information from your own profile or mailbox, and we do not control data that other Members have copied out of our Services. Groups content and ratings or review content associated with closed accounts will show an unknown user as the source. Your profile may continue to be displayed in the services of others (e.g., search tools) until they refresh their cache.
5. Other Important Information
5.1. Security
We monitor for and try to prevent security breaches. Please use the security features available through our Services.
We implement security safeguards designed to protect your data, such as HTTPS. We regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks. However, we cannot warrant the security of any information that you send us. There is no guarantee that data may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. Please visit our
Safety Center
for additional information about safely using our Services, including
two-factor authentication
.
5.2. Cross-Border Data Transfers
We store and use your data outside your country.
We process data both inside and outside of the United States and rely on legally-provided mechanisms to lawfully transfer data across borders.
Learn more
. Countries where we process data may have laws which are different from, and potentially not as protective as, the laws of your own country.
5.3 Lawful Bases for Processing
We have lawful bases to collect, use and share data about you. You have choices about our use of your data. At any time, you can withdraw consent you have provided by going to settings.
We will only collect and process personal data about you where we have lawful bases. Lawful bases include consent (where you have given consent), contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (e.g., to deliver the LinkedIn Services you have requested) and “legitimate interests.”
Learn more
.
Where we rely on your
consent
to process personal data, you have the right to withdraw or decline your consent at any time and where we rely on legitimate interests, you have the right to object.
Learn More
. If you have any questions about the lawful bases upon which we collect and use your personal data, please
contact our Data Protection Officer here
.
If you're located in one of the Designated Countries or the UK, you can learn more about our lawful bases for processing in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
5.4. Direct Marketing and Do Not Track Signals
Our statements regarding direct marketing and “do not track” signals.
We currently do not share personal data with third parties for their direct marketing purposes without your permission.
Learn more
about this and about our response to “do not track” signals.
5.5. Contact Information
You can contact us or use other options to resolve any complaints.
If you have questions or complaints regarding this Policy, please first
contact LinkedIn
online. You can also reach us by
physical mail
. If contacting us does not resolve your complaint, you have more
options
. Residents in the
Designated Countries
and
other regions
may also have the right to
contact our Data Protection Officer here
or at
DPO@linkedin.com
. If this does not resolve your complaint, Residents in the Designated Countries and other regions may have more
options
under their laws.
Consent
Where we process data based on consent, we will ask for your explicit consent. You may withdraw your consent at any time, but that will not affect the lawfulness of the processing of your personal data prior to such withdrawal. Where we rely on contract, we will ask that you agree to the processing of personal data that is necessary for entering into or performance of your contract with us. We will rely on legitimate interests as a basis for data processing where the processing of your data is not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
Sub-policy 10
https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/:
Privacy & Security
Your Privacy
Your Privacy
Protect Your Privacy
Do Not Call Policy
Privacy Statements
Privacy Statements
For Consumers
For Consumers
English
Français
Français (Canada)
Español
For Applicants & Employees
For Applicants & Employees
English
Français
Español
For Contingent Workers
For Contingent Workers
English
Français
Español
Intuit Financial Services
Intuit Financial Services
English
Security Center
Security Center
Our Security Practices
Account Security Checklist
Online Safety Tips
Security Notices
Responsible Disclosure
Responsible AI
FAQ
hide
Contact Us
Privacy & Security
Your Privacy
Protect Your Privacy
Do Not Call Policy
Privacy Statements
For Consumers
English
Français
Français (Canada)
Español
For Applicants & Employees
English
Français
Español
For Contingent Workers
English
Français
Español
Intuit Financial Services
English
Security Center
Our Security Practices
Account Security Checklist
Online Safety Tips
Security Notices
Responsible Disclosure
Responsible AI
FAQ
hide
Contact Us
GLOBAL PRIVACY STATEMENTS
You deserve transparency into our data use
Select your preferred language
English
Français
Français (Canada)
Español
Intuit Global Privacy Statement
Last Updated: September 8, 2024
See previous Privacy Statements
Expand All
Collapse All
Scope of this Privacy Statement and our role
Intuit responsibly leverages technology to power prosperity around the world. We believe that everyone has a right to privacy. As a financial services and technology company, we’re providing this Global Privacy Statement (
“Privacy Statement”
) to explain how we, Intuit Inc. and the
Intuit group companies
(collectively
“Intuit,” “we,” “us,” or “our”
), collect, use, share, or otherwise process information that we collect through our services. These services include, as applicable, our websites, mobile applications, social media pages, marketing activities, and other activities described in this Privacy Statement, or when other businesses provide us your personal information (collectively, the
“Services”
). This Privacy Statement is global, meaning it applies to all Intuit Services. We may provide additional or supplemental privacy statements for certain products or services.
This Privacy Statement describes our privacy practices when we process:
Personal information for the purposes of preparing a tax return or in connection with the preparation of a tax return (collectively, “
Tax Preparation Information
”) as part of providing TurboTax tax preparation services;
Personal information for the purposes of providing the benefits of our websites and the Intuit platform, which includes all of Intuit’s services, sites, experiences and software (including through our mobile applications and desktop applications) other than Tax Preparation Information (the “
Intuit Platform
”); and
Personal information as necessary to manage, run, improve, and develop our business and personalize your experience while interacting with the Intuit Platform. Depending on your settings, this may include showing you personalized ads or recommending certain Intuit products based on your interests.
Intuit determines the purposes and means of the processing of your personal information as described in this Privacy Statement, and therefore acts as a ‘data controller’ (or equivalent/similar terms under applicable data privacy laws) of such information. We may share your personal information within the
Intuit group companies
and conduct processing activities as controllers or joint controllers for the purposes set out in this Privacy Statement.
In certain circumstances, there may be more than one data controller processing your personal information. For example, your employer or a financial partner may also act as a data controller. In these situations, we act as an independent data controller over our processing activities. This means we determine how your personal information will be processed independently from the other data controllers. The other data controllers have their own obligations under applicable data privacy laws. Intuit is not responsible for other data controllers’ processing activities, and you should contact them directly for questions about how they process your personal information and about how to exercise your privacy rights in relation to such processing.
This Privacy Statement does not apply to certain processing activities where we are not the controller. For example, where Intuit processes personal information as a processor or service provider on behalf of our customers, including when we process personal information on behalf of customers of our professional tax software products. When we act as a processor or service provider, the privacy statement of the customer who uses our Services applies, instead of this Privacy Statement, and our processing of such personal information is governed by our agreements with such customers. If you have concerns about personal information that we process on behalf of a customer, or wish to exercise your privacy rights regarding such personal information, please contact the customer directly.
This Privacy Statement also does not apply to Intuit Financial Services or Intuit’s processing of education records subject to state or federal laws or children’s data in our education curriculum products. You may find the privacy statement for Intuit Financial Services
here
, and the privacy statement for Intuit for Education
here
.
If you have any questions about how Intuit processes your personal information, please see How to contact us below.
The Intuit platform
The Intuit Platform and your personal information
When we say “platform,” we mean that when you choose to share data with us, or bring over information from third parties (like a bank or loan provider), Intuit uses that data together, not just within the individual offering(s) you’re using. This means that, for example, we may use your bookkeeping details from QuickBooks, contact and purchase history details from Mailchimp, and/or recommendations from Credit Karma. The personal information we use in this centralized way may relate to you as an end user of our Services or as a customer or vendor of an Intuit customer whose personal information has been included in the Intuit Platform.
Business account information
Some experiences and services within the Intuit Platform allow you to interact with a business (such as your employer). If you are granted access to a business account (for example, in QuickBooks), the business owner or a designated administrator may control and administer details of your account, for example, by deciding your access rights; making decisions about your personal information (such as details about your payroll); or requiring you to take certain actions (for example, use location tracking to clock in for a shift). If the owner or designated administrator changes your access rights, then you may lose access to the information the business controls.
Your use of the Intuit Platform as part of a business account may be subject to the business’s policies, which may differ from this Privacy Statement. We are not responsible for the privacy or security practices of other businesses, and you should consider both the business’s policies and whether you are comfortable giving the business access to your personal information before connecting to their services.
Personal information we collect
The personal information that we collect or otherwise receive about you depends on the context of your interactions with Intuit, how you configure your account, and the choices you make, including your privacy settings. The way we process your personal information may also depend on the particular Services, functionalities, or experiences you use, your location, and applicable law.
Information you provide to us
You may provide us with your information as follows:
Contact data and account profile data.
We collect information when you (or your organization) create an account, activate a subscription, and/or upload information to the Intuit Platform. Personal information may include your name, previous name(s) and/or nicknames, title and honorifics, professional title and company name, education, billing and mailing addresses, phone number and email address, profile photo, billing information (your payment information), purchase history, demographic information, preferences, subscription data, and your username and account credentials.
Identity verification information.
We collect information to verify your identity, including your name, date of birth, social security number, social insurance number, driver’s license number, passport number, government-issued identification details, and similar information to verify your identity and to help you file your tax return.
Communications, feedback and survey data, and related data.
We may collect personal information such as your name, email address, telephone number and any other personal information you choose to share when you reach out to us for support, give us feedback, participate in optional surveys, attend our events, participate in product research or training, or otherwise interact or communicate with us. This information may include: call center recordings and call monitoring records, chat and text records, voicemails, photographs, and video images.
Marketing data.
You may provide us with your contact information and preferences for receiving marketing communications.
Social and community content.
We receive content you post on our social media pages and our community pages.
Business and financial information.
We may receive information about your business, your finances, expenses, invoices, financial statements, details of your financial transactions, payroll details, payment details, tax return details, details about your customers, vendors, or employees, income and wage information, and/or investment information.
Interactions with experts.
The Intuit Platform provides many opportunities for you to connect with live experts, including, for example, accountants or tax preparers. When you interact with these experts, we may receive information about the questions you ask, the details of your accounts, and the guidance provided to you.
Interactions with chatbots.
We may receive information from you through your use of chatbots, digital assistants, or other interactive bots across the Intuit Platform.
Device and contact data.
If you grant permission in your device settings, certain features may have access to your device and contacts.
Business connection data.
We may collect information about you when you interact with the Intuit Platform through our customers. If you are a customer, vendor or prospect of an Intuit customer and interact with the Intuit Platform (for example, to pay an invoice, make a purchase, interact with an email, provide contact details or complete a survey), we will use this information to make recommendations about you to our customers. Our customers may also provide business connection data directly about you to us; this is described below under ‘Other users’.
Third-party sources
The Intuit Platform is designed to help you connect with other people and businesses. As a result of those connections, others may be able to input personal information about you, including other customers using the Intuit Platform. For example, an Intuit customer may share personal information about you with us in order to use and benefit from the Intuit Platform. You also may be able to input or process personal information about others, for example, if you are an account administrator of one of our products or use Intuit to manage customer lists. If you input information about others into the Platform, you must only do so if you have first provided sufficient notice and received any required permissions, and have an appropriate legal basis if required by applicable law.
We may also receive personal information about you from other third parties where you have provided consent or where permitted by applicable law. We protect and process the personal information obtained from those third parties as described in this Privacy Statement, consistent with any additional restrictions imposed by the source of the information. Our third-party sources may vary over time and depend upon how you use the Intuit Platform. For example, we receive information from:
Linked third-party services.
If you choose to sync a non-Intuit account/service with your Intuit account, we will receive information from that account/service according to your settings with that account/service. This may include details of your bank account information, social media information, purchase history or your business’s sales records through a point of sale application.
Supplemental information and identity verification providers.
We work with certain third parties to help us verify your identity, the specifics of your business, and/or supplement the personal information you have provided and ensure the accuracy of your personal information. For example, we use third-party providers to validate your contact information (e.g., name, mailing address, email address, phone number) or to provide additional details about your business. These providers may include, for example, your financial institution, telecommunications provider, or email provider.
Customer support providers.
We receive personal information about you or your interaction with the Intuit Platform from certain third parties for troubleshooting purposes. For example, we may obtain information about your interaction(s) with customer support and information about technical issues you have raised, including call center recordings, call monitoring records, voicemails, photographs and chat records.
Credit bureaus and related third parties.
Many Intuit features rely on information we receive from credit bureaus and related third parties. For example, in some countries, we may offer free credit reports and credit scores. We request these reports and credit scores on your behalf from credit bureau partners, like TransUnion, Experian and Equifax. These partners may also provide personal information such as employment or income data, social security number, vehicle or driver information, or information about special offers available based on your credit profile so we can make more personalized recommendations for you.
Other users.
As described above, we may receive personal information about you from other Intuit Platform users, such as your accountant, bookkeeper, tax preparer, spouse, employer, or other business customers using the Intuit Platform (e.g., businesses from which you buy products or services, or with which you otherwise interact). We may also collect such personal information through features like member referral programs.
Risk management, cybersecurity & anti-fraud providers.
We may receive personal information from third parties that help us assess risks associated with our offerings, including to help combat fraud and illegal activity and to help protect your personal information.
Data providers.
We may receive information from information services and data licensors that provide demographic and preference information to us.
Content providers.
We may receive personal information from companies that make user-generated content from their service available to others, such as local business reviews or public social media posts.
Joint offering partners.
We may offer co-branded services or experiences or engage in joint-marketing activities with others, including through our conferences or live events.
Government agencies.
We receive information from government agencies, including from various tax agencies, such as your tax filing confirmation from the IRS.
Public information.
We collect individual and household demographic information and preference information from publicly available sources, such as open government databases, social media platforms, and others.
Automatic data collection
We, our service providers, and our business partners may automatically log personal information about you, your computer or mobile device, and your interaction over time with the Services, such as:
Device information.
We may collect information about your device(s) such as IP addresses, log information, error messages, device type, and unique device identifiers. For example, we may collect IP addresses from you as part of our sign in and security features.
Usage information.
We may collect information about your use of the Intuit Platform, such as the pages you viewed, the services and features you used or interacted with, your browser type, and details about any links or communications with which you interacted.
Location information.
Certain features in the Intuit Platform may collect your precise location information, device motion information, or both, if you or your organization grant(s) us permission to do so through your device settings (for example, if you use QuickBooks’ time-tracking service, participate in Karma Drive, or use CK Money to locate nearby ATMs).
Information stored locally.
Some of our web-enabled desktop services and offerings synchronize with the information on your computer. In doing so, we may collect information such as device information, product usage, and error reports. We may also store personal information locally on your device.
Communication interaction data.
We or our third-party service providers may collect information from email providers, communication providers and social networks, such as your interactions with our email, text or other communications (e.g., whether you open and/or forward emails) – we may do this through use of pixel tags (which are also known as clear GIFs), which may be embedded invisibly in our emails.
Online behavioral data
. We may automatically collect certain personal information about your use and interactions with our websites, customers’ websites or e-commerce stores, social media websites, and marketing campaigns that we or our customers organize, including device information (such as your IP address and unique device IDs), page view information and search results, links, and if you are a customer contact, whether or not a campaign presented or sent to you using our offerings has been viewed, delivered, opened, clicked on, whether it has bounced or was treated as spam.
Cookies and similar technologies
Intuit and our service providers may use commonly used tools such as cookies, web beacons, pixels, local shared objects and similar technologies (collectively “cookies”) to collect information about you (“
Cookie Information
”) so we can provide the experiences you request, recognize your visit, track your interactions, and improve your and other customers’ experiences. For example, we may use session-replay technologies,
such as those provided by FullStory and Medallia, that employ software code to record users’ interactions with the Services in a manner that allows us to watch video replays of those user sessions. The replays include users’ clicks, mobile app touches, mouse movements, scrolls and keystrokes/key touches during those sessions. These replays help us diagnose usability problems and identify areas for improvement. You can learn more about FullStory at
https://www.fullstory.com/legal/privacy-policy
and you can opt-out of session recording by FullStory at
https://www.fullstory.com/optout/
. You can learn more about Medallia at
https://www.medallia.com/privacy-policy/
.
You have control over some of the information we collect from Cookies and how we use it. Please see Your Personal Information Rights and Choices section for more information. For full details on how we use cookies and similar technologies please see our
Intuit Cookie Policy
. For full details on how we use cookies and similar technologies when you use or interact with our Mailchimp offerings, please also see our
Mailchimp Cookie Statement.
Biometric Information
Certain parts of the Intuit Platform make use of biometric personal information (“
Biometric Information
“). We will not collect your Biometric Information without first providing notice and obtaining your consent. For more details about how we use Biometric Information, please see our
Biometric Notice
.
How we use personal information
We may use your personal information in a number of ways or as otherwise described at the time of collection:
Service delivery and operations. We may use your personal information to:
Provide you with the Intuit Platform, create your account and manage our relationship with you
Run and manage our business, including resolving billing and financial disputes
Evaluate your eligibility for marketing offers, products and services
Provide features to you, such as your free credit reports and scores
Provide a product or service that you have requested through the Intuit Platform
Connect you with experts and other users
Communicate with you, such as sending you electronic notifications concerning your financial privacy
Understand your needs and interests, and personalize your experience with the Services and our communications.
Provide you with support and resolve disputes
Authenticate your identity
Manage event registrations and attendance, including sending related communications to you
Register visitors to our offices for security reasons and manage non-disclosure agreements that visitors may be required to sign
Research and development. We may use your personal information to:
Improve and develop our products and services by analyzing how they are used and interacted with, by training our artificial intelligence models and other machine learning models, as well as by assessing the use of and interactions with our Platform and certain content our customers send or display through the Platform, including by conducting data analytics to develop insights about you, your needs, and your preferences, so we can make more informed predictions, recommendations, and products for our customers.
Please note any data obtained through Google Workspace APIs is not used to develop, improve, or train any generalized AI and/or ML models. Any data originating from the Google Workspace API is instead ingested only by Intuit’s and our third-party providers’ artificial intelligence tools to deliver services on the customer’s behalf and to ensure safety, not for model retraining.
Combine and anonymize information about your interactions with Intuit to create aggregate, anonymized statistics for use in research (including by contracting with academic institutions) and for marketing, promoting, improving, and developing our platform.
Marketing and advertising. We, our service providers and our third-party advertising partners may collect and use your personal information for marketing and advertising purposes to:
Market services, products and experiences, including to deliver gifts and promotional materials, product recommendations and other non-transactional communications via email, post, telephone, SMS or push notifications, in accordance with your marketing preferences.
Personalize your experience and tailor recommendations, advertising, and offers presented to you, including through the development of insights about you and your needs based on your interactions with the Intuit Platform’s products, services, and offerings. These advertisements may be displayed to you on Intuit’s digital properties, including our websites and mobile apps, media platforms, connected devices, or other third-party platforms and channels.
Whistleblower Reporting.
When you report any concern of non-compliance, unethical conduct, or other alleged violation of our
Code of Conduct and Ethics
, personal information you provide will be processed as a part of the investigation of the allegations and retained in accordance with our internal policies until the investigation is complete. While we make every effort to maintain confidentiality, depending on the investigation, disclosing your identity to other individuals may be necessary.
Compliance and protection. We may use your personal information to:
Protect against misuse or abuse of our Services and ensure compliance with our Terms of Service, including in relation to content our customers send or display through the Platform
Comply with legal and regulatory requirements
Protect the rights, property, safety or security of the Intuit Platform, our customers, employees or others and prevent fraudulent or illegal activity
Exercise our rights in the course of judicial, administrative, or arbitration proceedings
Enforce, remedy, or apply our Terms of Service or other agreements
With your consent.
In some cases, we may specifically ask for your consent to use your personal information, such as when required by law.
We may process your personal information for other purposes that are compatible with the above purposes where permitted by applicable law.
Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Automated processing
When you use or interact with features on the Intuit Platform like chatbots, digital assistants, or other digital conversational experiences powered by artificial intelligence, we may process your personal information using automated and manual (human) methods. For example, when we use automated processing on your personal information to provide a more personalized and enhanced experience in the Intuit Platform, you may see instantly tailored recommendations and insights to manage your cash flow and grow your business. Or when we analyze personal information and transactions we have collected or received about you, we can provide you with personalized advice, predictions, recommendations and experiences, including showing your largest tax deductions, sharing how to get your largest tax refund, and providing personalized recommendations for credit products. Certain laws may provide you with the right to object to the automated processing of your personal information. Please review these rights in the “Region and state-specific terms” section below.
How we share your personal information
When you interact with our services.
We may share your personal information in the following circumstances:
For certain product features
. We may use third party API services, such as YouTube and Twilio, for certain product features. If you choose to use those features, you acknowledge and agree that you are also bound by the third party’s privacy policy. You may manage your YouTube API data by visiting Google’s security settings page
here
. You may make choices about your Twilio API data by visiting Twilio’s privacy notice
here
.
When you connect with an Intuit Platform partner.
You may be provided with offers, products, and services from third-party companies who integrate with our Intuit Platform. If you choose to interact with a platform partner, apply for their services or offerings, or otherwise link or sync your account to a platform partner’s product or service, you consent and direct us to share your personal information to the platform partner providing the service or offering. For example, when we send your personal information to partners in order to generate offers for you to review, when we send your application information directly to our partners, or when we send you to the partner’s site for you to provide the information directly to them.
In some cases, if you click through to go to a platform partner’s site, you will automatically be sending your personal information to that platform partner. When this happens, you will still have to submit your application on the platform partner’s site. Remember that any information you provide to a platform partner, whether through us or on your own, will be subject to their privacy practices and terms and conditions.
When you connect to your social media account.
Some of our features enable you to connect to a social media account or share information on social media platforms, like Facebook and Twitter. Any information you choose to share on social media may potentially be visible to a global audience and will be subject to the social media provider’s privacy policies (not this Privacy Statement). You should take care only to share information on social media that you are comfortable sharing.
For joint features, sales, promotions and events.
With your consent we may share your personal information with third parties who are jointly providing features, sales initiatives, promotions or events with us.
When you publicly post the information.
We may provide opportunities for you to publicly post reviews, questions, comments, suggestions, or other content that may include personal information, such as your name or username. Anything you share in a public forum is public, and you should think carefully before you decide to share.
With your wireless carrier.
When you use your wireless device in connection with the Intuit Platform, you authorize your wireless carrier to use or disclose information about your account and your wireless device, if available, to Intuit or its service provider for the duration of your business relationship, solely to help them identify you or your wireless device and to prevent fraud.
When you participate in the short code program
. Personal information collected through the short code program (i.e., when you sign up for SMS texts), will not be shared, sold, or rented to affiliated or unaffiliated third parties for their own marketing purposes.
Other circumstances.
We also share your personal information with third parties in the following circumstances.
For research.
With appropriate controls, we may share information with third parties, such as academic institutions, government and non-profit organizations, for research purposes or to publish academic or policy-related materials. We only share information in a way that does not identify any individual.
With financial services providers.
In connection with our financial products, we may share personal information with collection agencies, credit bureaus and loan services providers, and payment card association members. We may also share your personal information with other companies, lawyers, credit bureaus, agents, government agencies, and card associations in connection with issues related to fraud, credit, defaults, or debt collection.
With service providers or agents.
We share personal information with our service providers or agents who provide services on our behalf for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement. Service providers or agents are required to implement reasonable privacy and information protection controls to maintain the privacy and security of information provided to them consistent with the privacy practices outlined in this Privacy Statement. Service providers or agents may include companies that assist us with our advertising, marketing, and sales efforts, help us with our technology offerings (such as a hosting, security or anti-fraud providers) and help us run our business. Service providers or agents also include AI providers, including generative AI providers.
For mergers and acquisitions.
If we are involved with a merger, asset sale, financing, liquidation, bankruptcy, or the acquisition of all or part of our business to another company, we may share your personal information with that company and its advisors before and after the transaction date.
With our affiliates and subsidiaries and your right to limit information sharing.
We may share your personal information with our affiliates and subsidiaries for everyday business purposes as described in this Statement, including for marketing purposes, for improving and developing our offerings, and for personalizing your experience on our Platform. Certain laws may provide you with the right to limit our information sharing activities in certain circumstances. Please review these rights in the “Region and state-specific terms” section below.
For advertising and analytics.
Intuit may use advertising networks and other providers to display advertising on our Intuit Platform or on other sites. Intuit may share personal information with advertising networks and other providers to tailor advertising and offers presented to you based on your interactions with the Intuit Platform’s products, services, and offerings. Our advertising partners may place cookies on unaffiliated websites in order to serve advertisements that may be relevant to you based on your browsing activities and interests and determine the effectiveness of such advertisements. See also the “Region and state-specific terms” section below for additional information.
Intuit (excluding Credit Karma) responds to the Global Privacy Control signal for US residents, as described further in the United States section below. However, we do not respond to “Do Not Track” signals because there is no formal “Do Not Track” standard.
For legal reasons.
We may share your personal information with third parties for legal reasons without your consent, and as permitted by law, including:
When we reasonably believe disclosure is required in order to comply with a subpoena, court order, or other applicable law, regulation or legal process;
To protect the rights, property, or safety of Intuit, TurboTax, the Intuit Platform, our customers or others;
To protect or defend against attacks;
To enforce, remedy, or apply our Terms of Service or other agreements;
To prevent fraud, cybersecurity attacks or illegal activity;
For debt collection; and
With regulatory agencies, including government tax agencies, as necessary to help detect and combat fraud and/or protect our customers, users and/or the Intuit Platform, or in required institutional risk control programs.
Your personal information rights and choices
Your choices
At Intuit, we believe that you have choices about information that pertains to you or your business.
We provide all customers, including those in the EU, UK (and Gibraltar), and Switzerland, with options to manage the privacy of their personal information.
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Correct your personal information.
You can edit and correct certain personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
Access your personal information.
You may download a copy of the personal information we have about you by visiting your account, the
Intuit Privacy Center
, or by calling us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
(for US members), the
Credit Karma UK Help Centre
(for Credit Karma UK members), or the
Credit Karma Canada Help Centre
(for Credit Karma Canada members). If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Delete your personal information.
You may ask us to delete your personal information by visiting your account settings or the
Intuit Privacy Center
or calling us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
(for US members), the
Credit Karma UK Help Centre
(for Credit Karma UK members), or the
Credit Karma Canada Help Centre
(for Credit Karma Canada members). If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, please visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Cookies and other tracking technologies.
You may be able to opt-out of interest based advertising by visiting the
NAI Opt-Out Page
or the
Choices Opt-Out Page
(or the
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada Opt-Out Page
, if you are based in Canada) or by visiting the
Intuit Privacy Center
. If you reside in California, Connecticut, Colorado, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah or Virginia, please refer to the relevant sections below under Region and state-specific terms for more information about opting out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes,or opting-out of sales and/or sharing.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings or you may use the links below. You may also unsubscribe using the link found at the bottom of all marketing and promotional emails. If you receive marketing text messages from us through Intuit’s SMS shortcode program, you may opt out of receiving further marketing text messages from us by replying STOP to the message.
For more information, please visit:
Intuit
communications preferences
Credit Karma US
and
Credit Karma UK
communications preferences
Mailchimp
communications preferences
Your Rights
Depending on where you live, you may also have certain state- or country-specific rights with respect to your personal information. Please see the Region and state-specific terms section for your country, below.
Verification
To help protect privacy and the security of your personal information, you may be asked to provide additional information to verify your identity and/or ownership rights before we can fulfill your data rights request. If we cannot verify your identity or your ownership rights to the data, we may not be able to service your request until you provide proper documentation.
Data retention
Unless you specifically ask us to delete your personal information, we retain your personal information as long as it is necessary to comply with our data retention requirements and provide you with services and the benefits of the Intuit Platform and successfully run our business. Even if you submit a deletion request, we may be required to maintain your personal information for as long as necessary to:
comply with our legal or regulatory compliance needs (e.g., maintaining records of transactions you have made with us);
to exercise, establish or defend legal claims; and/or
to protect against fraudulent or abusive activity on our service.
This means we may keep different information for different periods. If your account is canceled because you haven’t used it for a long time, we may delete this information immediately.
There may be occasions where we are unable to fully delete, anonymize, or de-identify your personal information due to technical, legal, regulatory compliance, or other operational reasons. Where this is the case, we will take reasonable measures to securely isolate your personal information from any further processing until such time as we are able to delete, anonymize, or de-identify it.
International data transfers
Unless you have provided us with consent to transfer your personal information, US Tax Preparation Information shall be processed and stored in the United States in accordance with applicable law.
With the exception noted above, Intuit reserves the right to store and process your personal information in the United States and in any other country where Intuit or its affiliates, subsidiaries, or service providers operate facilities in accordance with and as permitted by applicable laws and regulations. Some of these countries may have data protection laws that are different from the laws of your country (and, in some cases, may not be as protective).
When we transfer, store or process personal information outside of your jurisdiction (including to or in the United States, as described above), we take appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Statement and applicable law.
Some of these recipients of your personal information are located in countries for which the European Commission, the UK (and Gibraltar) Government, and the Swiss Government (as and where applicable) have issued adequacy decisions, which means that these countries are recognized as providing an adequate level of data protection under applicable UK (and Gibraltar), European, and Swiss data protection laws and the transfer is therefore permitted under Article 45 of the GDPR.
Other recipients of your personal information are located in countries outside the EEA and/or the UK that are not the subject of an adequacy decision. In these cases, we may use the Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission or, as may be applicable, the International Data Transfer Agreement approved by the UK Government, to help ensure your personal information is protected. For more information on the transfer safeguards we rely on, please contact us by using the details in the “How to contact us” section below.
Intuit (excluding Credit Karma) and Mailchimp comply with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union (EU), the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar), and Switzerland to the United States. Intuit and Mailchimp rely on the EU-U.S. DPF to transfer data and will rely on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and Swiss-U.S. DPF once approved by the appropriate authorities. We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission. You can find more information about Intuit’s and Mailchimp’s Data Privacy Framework certification
here
.
Security of your personal information
We use reasonable physical, technical and organizational safeguards that are designed to protect your personal information. However, despite these controls, we cannot completely ensure or warrant the security of your personal information. You can find out more about how we protect your personal information
here
.
Changes to our Privacy Statements
From time to time we may change or update our Privacy Statement. We reserve the right to make changes or updates at any time. If we make material changes to the way we process your personal information, we will notify you by posting a notice in the Intuit Platform or on a community post; by sending you a notification; or by other means consistent with applicable law.
You can see when this Privacy Statement was last updated by checking the “last updated” date at the top of this Privacy Statement. Please review this Privacy Statement periodically to stay informed about how Intuit protects your privacy.
Children
Our services are not intended for or directed to children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children. If you believe we may have information from a child, please contact us.
How to contact us
If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Statement or our practices, please contact us.
You can submit Intuit privacy questions.
Submit your privacy question here
You can submit Credit Karma privacy questions.
Submit your privacy question here
You can submit Mailchimp privacy questions.
Submit your privacy question here
If you have an unresolved privacy or information use concern or complaint that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
Region and state-specific terms
Additional terms may apply to you based upon the country you reside in or the products you use. Please click the region or state that applies to you to learn more about additional terms and rights that may apply to you.
Expand All
Collapse All
United States
If you are a resident of the United States, you may have the following rights and choices:
US Tax Preparation Information
Except as necessary to provide you with tax preparation services or as authorized by law, we will not use or disclose your Tax Preparation Information – including to Intuit’s affiliates and subsidiaries – unless you consent.
If you agree to share your Tax Preparation Information for purposes other than tax preparation services, including by sharing it with the Intuit Platform, your Tax Preparation Information will be handled in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act
Intuit is a financial institution subject to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA).
By using, accessing, or interacting with the Intuit Platform, you are consenting to receive notices about your financial privacy electronically.
Please find our GLBA Notice
here
.
California Residents
Scope.
This section applies only to California residents. It describes how we collect, use, and share Personal Information of California residents in our capacity as a “business” under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”) and your rights with respect to that Personal Information. For purposes of this section, the term “
Personal Information
” has the meaning given in the CCPA, but does not include information exempted from the scope of the CCPA. Please note that we may claim legal exemptions for certain types of personal information and certain Intuit companies from all or certain parts of the CCPA, such as information subject to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) and other data protection laws. In some cases, we may provide a different privacy notice to certain categories of California residents, such as employees and job applicants, in which case that notice will apply instead of this section.
Personal Information that we collect, use, and disclose.
The chart
here
summarizes the Personal Information we collect by reference to the categories of Personal Information specified in the CCPA, and describes our practices currently and during the 12 months preceding the effective date of this Privacy Statement. Information you voluntarily provide to us, such as in free-form webforms, may contain other categories of personal information not described in this chart.
Your California privacy rights. As a California resident, you have the rights listed below. However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases we may decline your request as permitted by law.
Access.
You may request that we provide the following information about how we have collected and used your Personal Information during the past 12 months:
○              the categories of Personal Information we have collected about you,
○              the sources from which that information was collected,
○              the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, and/or sharing your Personal Information,
○              the categories of personal information we shared or sold about you,
○              the categories of third parties to whom we shared or sold personal information about you,
○              the categories of personal information we disclosed for a business purpose, and
○              the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed personal information about you for a business purpose.
Request a copy of your Personal Information.
You may request a copy of the Personal Information in
your Intuit account
or visit our
Intuit Privacy Center
or call us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
or email us at
CCPArequests@creditkarma.com
.
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Correction.
You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
Deletion
. You may have the right, under certain circumstances, to request that we delete the personal information you have provided to us. You may delete your personal information in the Privacy section of
your Intuit account
or visit our
Intuit Privacy Center
or call us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
or email us at
CCPArequests@creditkarma.com
.
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp,visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Opt-out of Sales and/or Sharing.
Like many companies, Intuit and Mailchimp use services that help deliver interest-based ads to you as described above. The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) may classify our use of some of these services as “sharing” your Personal Information with the advertising partners that provide the services. You can opt-out of the “sharing” of your personal information by visiting the “Your California Privacy Rights” link in the footer of the Intuit website.
In addition, if you have enabled a recognized opt-out mechanism on your browser, device, or platform, you will automatically be opted out of any “sharings” when you interact with our Services. Please go here to learn more about enabling one such preference signal, the Global Privacy Control:
https://globalprivacycontrol.org/#download
. Intuit and Mailchimp do not sell personal information under the CCPA. Credit Karma does not sell or share personal information subject to the CCPA, and therefore does not offer a “Your California Privacy Rights” link on its website. We do not knowingly sell or share the personal information of individuals under 16 years of age.
Limit processing of sensitive personal information.
Some of the personal information that we may collect are considered sensitive personal information under the CCPA. We collect sensitive personal information for the purposes allowed by law or with your consent. We only use sensitive personal information as necessary for our (1) Service delivery and operations, (2) compliance and protection, (3) research and development, or (4) Service improvement and analytics purposes in accordance with CCPA. If we use sensitive personal information outside the permitted purposes of the CCPA, we will provide you with the right to limit processing of sensitive personal information.
California Shine the Light.
Customers who are California residents may request certain information concerning the categories of personal information (if any) we disclose to third parties or affiliates for their direct marketing purposes. If you would like more information, please submit a written request to us using the contact information provided below.
Non-discrimination
. You have the right to be free from discrimination or retaliation related to your exercise of any of your California privacy rights.
Verification.
In order to protect your personal information from unauthorized access or deletion, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a rights request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification. For Credit Karma members, we may require that you confirm certain pieces of personal information that we have on file and/or log into your Credit Karma account. If we are subsequently unable to confirm your identity, we may refuse your rights request.
Authorized agents.
You may use an authorized agent to submit a rights request. If you do so, the authorized agent must present signed written authorization to act on your behalf, and you will also be required to independently verify your own identity directly with us and confirm with us that you provided the authorized agent permission to submit the rights request. This verification process is not necessary if your authorized agent provides documentation showing that the authorized agent has power of attorney to act on your behalf under Cal. Prob. Code §§ 4121 to 4130.
Learn more about instructions for authorized agents.
We may deny a request from an agent that does not submit adequate proof that they have been authorized by you to act on your behalf.
Transparency matters.
Learn more about the requests we process by viewing our
Privacy Rights Transparency Report
.
Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah, Virginia Residents
Scope.
This section applies only to the residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Virginia. It describes how we collect, use, and share Personal Data of state residents described in this subsection in our capacity as a business or controller under the corresponding state privacy laws, including Colorado Privacy Rights Act, Connecticut Data Privacy Act, Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act, Oregon Consumer Privacy Act, Texas Data Privacy and Security Act, Utah Consumer Privacy Act, and Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (collectively, “Applicable State Privacy Laws”), and your rights with respect to that Personal Data. For purposes of this section, the term “Personal Data” has the meaning given in the Applicable State Privacy Laws but does not include information or entities exempted from the scope of the Applicable State Privacy Laws, such as those subject to GLBA. Please note that we may claim legal exemptions for certain types of personal information and certain Intuit companies from all or certain parts of the Applicable State Privacy Laws.
Personal Information that we collect, use, and disclose
. The chart
here
summarizes the Personal Information we collect and describes our practices currently and during the 12 months preceding the effective date of this Privacy Statement. Information you voluntarily provide to us, such as in free-form webforms, may contain other categories of personal information not described in this chart.
Your privacy rights.
As a resident of Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah or Virginia, you may have the rights listed below. However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases we may decline your request as permitted by law.
Access
. You may request a copy of the Personal Information in
your Intuit account
or visit our
Intuit Privacy Center
or call us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
or email us at
CCPArequests@creditkarma.com
.
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp,visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Correction
. You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
Deletion
. You may have the right, under certain circumstances, to request that we delete the personal information you have provided to us. You may delete your personal information in the Privacy section of
your Intuit account
or visit our
Intuit Privacy Center
or call us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
or email us at
CCPArequests@creditkarma.com
.
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp,visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Opt-out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes
. You can submit requests to opt-out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes by visiting the “Manage Cookies” or “Privacy Settings” link in the footer of the Intuit website. For Mailchimp, you can submit requests to opt-out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes by visiting the “Cookie Preferences” link in the footer of the
Mailchimp website
. Intuit, Mailchimp and Credit Karma do not otherwise “sell your Personal Data to third parties for monetary consideration.
Opt-out of profiling
. You can opt-out of the automated processing of your Personal Data to evaluate, analyze, or predict personal aspects related to your economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behavior, location, or movements, to the extent this results in decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects.
Sensitive Personal Data
. Some of the personal information that we may collect may be considered sensitive personal information under certain state privacy laws. We will not process your sensitive personal data without your consent.
Non-discrimination
. You have the right to be free from discrimination related to your exercise of any of your privacy rights.
Appeal
. If we decline to take action on any request that you submit in connection with the rights described above, you may ask that we reconsider our response by submitting a written request to us using the contact information provided below. We will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If the appeal is denied, we will also provide you with an online mechanism, if available, or other method through which you may contact your state attorney general’s office to submit a complaint.
Authentication.
In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access or deletion, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a rights request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification. For Credit Karma members, we may require that you confirm certain pieces of personal information that we have on file and/or log into your Credit Karma account. If we are subsequently unable to confirm your identity, we may refuse your rights request.
Transparency matters.
Learn more about the requests we process by viewing our
Privacy Rights Transparency Report
.
United States contact information:
Intuit Inc.
Attention: Privacy
2800 E Commerce Center Place
Tucson, AZ 85706
You can contact the Intuit Data Protection Officer
here.
Credit Karma LLC
Attention: Legal Department
PO Box 30963
Oakland CA 94604
legal@creditkarma.com
Mailchimp
The Rocket Science Group LLC d/b/a Mailchimp
Attn: Privacy Officer
405 North Angier Ave. NE,
Atlanta, GA 30308
You can contact the Mailchimp Data Protection Officer
here
.
Australia
If you are a resident of Australia, you may have the following rights and choices:
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings.
Access, Correction or Deletion.
You may request to access, to correct or to delete your personal information. You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services. To make a request for access or deletion of your personal information, contact us through the link below.
Objection and Restriction.
You may object to our processing of your personal information, including for marketing purposes, or ask us to restrict processing of your personal information. To object to data processing or request a restriction, contact us through the link below. If you request that we stop processing some or all of your personal information or you withdraw (where applicable) your consent for our use or disclosure of your personal information for purposes set out in this privacy notice, we might not be able to provide you all of the Services and customer support offered to our users and authorized under this Notice.
Australia contact information:
Visit the QuickBooks Australia website to learn how to contact their support team.
Go to QuickBooks Australia
Intuit Australia Pty. Limited
Level 34, 1 O'Connell St.
Sydney, NSW 2000 Australia
Canada
While we take steps to maintain protection of your personal information, your personal information may be disclosed in response to valid demands or requests from governments, regulators, courts and law enforcement authorities in those other jurisdictions or countries.
If you are a resident of Canada, you may have the following rights and choices:
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings. You may also click unsubscribe at the bottom of the marketing emails.
Cookies and other tracking technologies.
You may be able to opt-out of interest based advertising by visiting the
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada Opt-Out Page
,
NAI Opt-Out Page
and the
Choices Opt-Out Page
.
Access, Correction or Deletion.
You may make a request to access, to correct or to delete your personal information (provided we no longer have a business need to retain your personal information). You may request a copy of the Personal Information or delete the personal information in
your Intuit account
. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
. If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp,visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
. You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services. Even if you request for your personal information to be deleted, certain aspects may be retained for us to: meet our legal or regulatory compliance (e.g. maintaining records of transactions you have made with us); exercise, establish or defend legal claims; and to protect against fraudulent or abusive activity on the Intuit Platform. Data retained for these purposes will be handled as described in “Data Retention”.
Withdraw consent.
You can withdraw your consent at any time to collection, use and disclosure of your personal information. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
File a complaint.
You have the right to file a complaint with the applicable Privacy Commissioner about our collection and processing of your personal information.
Canada contact information:
Intuit Canada
Attention: Privacy
8 Spadina Ave.
Suite 1900
Toronto, Ontario
M5V 0S8
You can contact the Intuit Data Protection Officer
here
.
Credit Karma LLC
Attention: Privacy Officer
PO Box 30963
Oakland CA 94604
legal@creditkarma.com
If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, you can visit the
Credit Karma Help Centre
.
You can also email the Credit Karma Canada Privacy Officer by writing to
legal@creditkarma.ca
.
The Rocket Science Group LLC d/b/a Mailchimp
Attn: Privacy Officer
405 North Angier Ave. NE,
Atlanta, GA 30308 USA
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, you can visit the
Mailchimp Help Centre
,
or submit a question
here
.
India
Where data of Indian individuals are involved, you hereby agree that the “reasonable security practices and procedures” under section 43A Explanation (ii) of the Information Technology Act, 2000 means this Intuit’s Privacy Statement and such data security procedures that Intuit may implement from time to time and which may, in Intuit’s discretion, be informed to you from time to time.
What you can do to manage your privacy
You have choices when it comes to managing the privacy of your personal information.
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings.
Correct your personal information.
You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
India contact information
Visit the QuickBooks India website to learn how to contact their support team.
Go to QuickBooks India
Intuit Technology Services Private Limited
Campus 4A, PrITech Park (Ecospace)
7th and 8th Floor, Belandur Village
Varthur Hobli, Bangalore East Taluk
Bangalore - 560 103 India
United Kingdom (and Gibraltar)(UK), European Economic Area (EEA), and Switzerland
Personal Information
References to “personal information” in this Privacy Statement are equivalent to “personal data” governed by EU and UK data protection laws. Essentially, “personal data” is information about an individual, where that individual is either directly identified or can be identified. It does not include ‘anonymous data’ (i.e., information where the identity of an individual has been permanently removed).
Legal Basis of Processing
We use your personal information only as permitted by law. Applicable EEA, UK(and Gibraltar) and Swiss data protection law requires us to have a “legal basis” for each purpose for which we collect your personal information. Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Statement will depend on the type of personal information and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally process personal information from you when:
We have your consent to do so;
We have a contract with you and it is necessary to process your personal information to perform our contract with you, including to provide you with the benefits of the Intuit Platform and operate our business;
The processing is in our legitimate business interests, such as operating our businesses, improving and developing the Intuit Platform, communicating with you, marketing our offerings and services and personalizing your experience, and to detect illegal activities; and/or
To comply with legal requirements, including applicable laws and regulations.
For residents in the UK searching for financial or other products (including energy, internet, or mobile phone offers) through the Intuit Platform, we may share your personal information, including your contact details, date of birth, as well as the information you give us about your employment, income, and housing and employment expenses with third parties, including HD Decisions, Capital One, Monevo, CarFinance 247, and Decision Tech. You can find more information about their data protection practices in their privacy policies:
HD Decisions
Capital One
Monevo
CarFinance 247
Decision Tech
If you are a resident of the UK(and Gibraltar), the EEA or Switzerland you may have the following rights and choices:
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Access, Correction or Deletion.
You may request to access, to correct or to delete your personal information.
You may request a copy of your personal information in the Privacy tab of your account or by visiting our
GDPR Centre
(UK) or
GDPR Centre
(FR) or
GDPR Centre
(EU&Switzerland). If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma UK, you may request a copy of your personal information by visiting Credit Karma’s
Help Centre
. If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, you may request a copy of your personal information by visiting
Mailchimp’s Privacy Rights Request page
.
You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
You may request for us to delete your personal information in the Privacy tab of your account or through our
GDPR Centre
(UK) or
GDPR Centre
(FR) or
GDPR Centre
(EU & Switzerland). If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma UK, you may request for us to delete your personal information by visiting Credit Karma’s
Help Centre
. If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, you may request for us to delete your personal information by visiting
Mailchimp’s Privacy Rights Request page
. Please note that even if you request for your personal information to be deleted, certain aspects may be retained for us to: meet our legal or regulatory compliance (e.g. maintaining records of transactions you have made with us); exercise, establish or defend legal claims; and to protect against fraudulent or abusive activity on our Service. Data retained for these purposes will be handled as described in the section “Data Retention”.
Objection and Restriction.
You may object to our processing of your personal information or ask us to restrict processing of your personal information.
Portability.
You may request portability of your personal information.
Withdraw Consent.
If we process your personal information with your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
File a complaint.
You have the right to file a complaint with a supervisory authority about our collection and processing of your personal information. You can find your data protection regulator
here
.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings or visit our
GDPR Centre
(UK) or
GDPR Centre
(FR) or
GDPR Centre
(EU & Switzerland) or
edit your email preferences for Mailchimp using the instructions found here.
. You may also click unsubscribe at the bottom of the marketing emails.
Cookies and other tracking technologies.
You may be able to opt-out of such interest-based advertising by visiting
Network Advertising Initiative
or
Your Online Choices
or by visiting our
GDPR Centre
(UK) or
GDPR Centre
(FR) or
GDPR Centre
(EU & Switzerland). For Mailchimp, you can submit requests to opt-out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes by visiting the “Cookie Preferences” link in the footer of the
Mailchimp website
.
UK, EEA and Swiss Representative
In the EEA: Intuit Inc., Intuit Limited and Mailchimp have each appointed Intuit France SAS as its Representative in the European Union in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (the "GDPR") (contact details can be found in the section below).
In the UK: Intuit Inc., and Mailchimp have each appointed Intuit Limited as its Representative in the UK in accordance with UK GDPR (contact details can be found in the section below)
United Kingdom, EEA and Switzerland contact information
Intuit Limited
Attention: Intuit Data Protection Administration,
Cardinal Place, 80 Victoria Street, London,
United Kingdom, SW1E 5JL
https://quickbooks.intuit.com/uk/gdpr/
Credit Karma UK Limited
4th Floor
One New Oxford Street
London WC1A 1NU
Intuit France SAS
Intuit Data Protection Administration
﻿7 Rue Meyerbeer 75009 Paris, France
https://quickbooks.intuit.com/fr/gdpr/
or
https://quickbooks.intuit.com/eu/gdpr/
If you have questions or concerns that have not been addressed by this Privacy Statement, you can contact the Intuit and Mailchimp Data Protection Officer
here
,
the Credit Karma Data Protection Officer by writing to
dpo@creditkarma.com
.
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
Intuit digital properties use cookies, pixels, tags and similar technologies to provide you the best possible experience on and off our sites. You may opt-out of the use of cookies and trackers that may share some limited personal information with our third party advertising partners using the option below. For more information on how we use Cookies and Tracking Technologies, please review our
Cookies Policy.
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with the services and features  available through our site. Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the site, you cannot refuse them without impacting how the site functions.
Advertising (Targeting) Cookies
These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you and your interests. They also perform functions like preventing the same ad from continuously reappearing, ensuring that ads are properly displayed, and in some cases selecting advertisements that are based on your interests.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 11
https://www.onetrust.com/privacy-notice/:
Skip to main content
On-demand webinar coming soon...
On-demand webinar coming soon...
OneTrust Privacy Notice
On-demand webinar coming soon...
Sub-policy 12
https://policy.pinterest.com/en/privacy-policy:
Policy
Terms
Privacy
Community
Merchant
Advertising
Developers
Copyright
Trademark
Enforcement
Transparency
Call Recordings
Non-User Notice
Privacy Policy
We're updating our Privacy Policy, effective April 30, 2025. You can preview the updated Privacy Policy
here
.
California Privacy Statement
California Residents: Please see our California Privacy Statement and Notice at Collection
here
.
Summary of changes
We work hard to make our use of personal data transparent and to make your rights and choices easy to understand. We added more details about the personal data that we collect and how we may share it.
Thank you for using Pinterest!
Our mission is to bring everyone the inspiration to create a life they love. To do that, we show you personalized content and ads we think you’ll be interested in based on information we collect from you and other parties.
We wrote this policy to help you understand what information we collect, how we use it and what choices you have about it. Some of the concepts below are a little technical, but we’ve tried our best to explain things in a simple and clear way.
Scope of the Privacy Policy
This is Pinterest’s global Privacy Policy. We have highlighted below where a particular section applies to you based on where you live.
For the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (“
GDPR
”), if you are a resident in the EEA, Switzerland, and UK, Pinterest Europe Ltd. and Pinterest, Inc. are joint data controllers of your personal data. Pinterest Europe Ltd. is an Irish company with its registered office at Palmerston House, 2nd Floor, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, Ireland. Pinterest, Inc. is a US company with its registered office at 651 Brannan St., San Francisco, CA 94107, USA. Pinterest Europe Ltd is the responsible controller for fulfilling key obligations under the GDPR. If you have any questions about our data processing activities, please contact our
Data Protection Officer
.
We collect information in a few different ways
1. When you give it to us or give us permission to obtain it
When you use Pinterest websites, apps, services, technologies, APIs, widgets, or any other
products
or features we offer (“Pinterest” or the “Services”), you voluntarily share certain information.
Account Information
: When you join our Services, we collect information like your name, email address, birthday, gender, country of residence, your interests, and preferred language. If you have a business account, depending on where you live, you may also have the option to add race and ethnicity information to your profile.
Content
: We collect information when you save or upload Pins, photos, or other content, interact with Pins or other content (for example, commenting or adding a Pin), or where you send messages and interact with other users.
Precise location information
: Depending on where you live, you can choose to share your precise location using your device settings.
Your communications with us
: If you contact us for customer support or otherwise communicate with us, we collect the content of these communications.
Your contacts
: If you previously chose to sync your contacts with your account, we will continue to process certain information about your contacts who are Pinterest users to help you find one another on our Services.
2. We also get technical information when you use Pinterest
When you use a website, mobile application or other internet service, certain internet and electronic network activity information gets created and logged automatically. This is also true when you use Pinterest. Here are some of the types of information we collect:
Device information
: We collect information about the device you use to access our Services, including the type of device, operating system, network service provider, settings, and unique device identifiers.
Log data
: When you use our Services, our servers record information (“log data”), including information that your browser automatically sends whenever you visit a website, or that your mobile app automatically sends when you’re using it. This log data includes, for example, your Internet Protocol (IP) address, activity on websites you visit that incorporate Pinterest features (like the “Save” button) browser type and settings, and the date and time of when you accessed the Services. You can
learn more about the log data we collect here
.
Information from cookies and similar technologies
: We also use “cookies” or similar technologies to obtain log data. For example, we use cookies to store your language preferences or other settings so you don‘t have to set them up every time you visit Pinterest. For more information about how we use cookies, please review our
Cookie Policy
.
Usage data and inference
s. When you’re on our Services, we use your activity—such as which Pins you click on, terms you search for, boards you create, and any text that you add in a comment or description—along with other information you’ve provided when you first signed up and information from our partners and advertisers to make inferences about you and your preferences. For example, if you create a board about travel, we may infer you are a travel enthusiast. We may also infer other information, such as your education or professional experience.
Location Information
: We use your IP address to infer your approximate location, even if you don't choose to share your precise location, and photos you share may include information about the location where they were taken.
User Choices
: We will keep a record of choices you’ve selected in your settings, including privacy settings and whether you have enabled notifications.
3. Our partners and advertisers share information with us
We also receive information about you and your activity outside Pinterest from our affiliates, advertisers, partners and other third parties we work with. For example:
Third party platforms
: If you register for or log into the Service using a third party platform (like Facebook or Google), they will furnish certain information to us to facilitate your account creation or log-in with us. In addition, if you
connect your third-party accounts
to our Services, we may use information from those accounts to improve your experience. Further, some third-party applications use Pinterest features such as our “Save” button, or you may install our “Save” button for your browser. If so, we collect log data from those sites or apps, including usage data.
Technical service partners
: We sometimes receive information about you from technical service partners, including from marketing firms.
Advertisers or other partners
: Online advertisers or third parties share information with us about you to measure, report on or improve the performance of ads on Pinterest, or to help us better understand what kinds of ads to show you on Pinterest. For example, we may receive information about your visits to an advertiser's site, or purchases you made from them, or information about your interests from a third-party service, which we might use to help show you ads on the Service. Sometimes we get this information through the Pinterest Tag (a piece of code an advertiser puts on their site), which delivers insights to us and our ad partners about actions that a person takes on their website after viewing an ad on our Services.
Learn more about the Pinterest Tag
and the types of information advertisers or other third parties share with us.
You can control how we use this information to personalize your experience and the ads you see on Pinterest in your
Privacy and Data Settings
.
How we use the info we collect
We’re committed to showing you content that’s relevant, interesting and personal to you. To do that, we use your information to provide and improve your experience, including to:
Identify you when you use our Services.
Recommend Pins, boards, or content you might like based on your activity on our Services and your offsite behavior. For example, if we see you’re into cooking-related content on Pinterest, we may suggest food-related Pins to you. Similarly, if you visit websites that sell electric guitars, we may suggest guitar Pins to you. For more information on how we recommend content to you, please visit our
Terms of Service
.
Respond to your questions or comments.
Build your community on our Services. We use your info to suggest other people who have similar interests. For example, if you follow interior design boards, we may suggest interior designers that you might like. We also use data to help your friends and contacts find you on Pinterest. For example, people can search for your account on Pinterest using your email. If you previously chose to sync your contacts with your Pinterest account, we will process certain information about your contacts who are Pinterest users to help you find them on our Services.
Allow searching with photos, if you choose. For example, if you take a photo of a pair of shoes or a piece of furniture you like, you can ask us to show you similar items. You can opt in to this in your device operating system settings.
Depending on where you live, and with your consent, identify your precise location and customize your experience on our Services. For example, if we know that you’re near a retailer we may show you that retailer’s Pins that may be of interest to you. You can opt in to (and out of) this in your device operating system settings.
Send you updates, including by email, push notification, SMS, or phone. You can unsubscribe from our promotional emails at any time and decide to
stop getting other notifications
by updating your
settings
.
We use your information in our efforts to improve our Services, keep our users and the public safe, and to protect legal interests. To do so, we:
Review your activity and messages on our Services to detect spam or activity that poses a risk to our community or the public. This can include working with law enforcement to keep Pinterest safe.
Analyze users’ log data and device information to identify and investigate suspicious behavior or violations of our policies or Terms.
Conduct
age verification
, as appropriate. This may include facial age estimation and matching your face against a government ID.
May access user information in relation to a legal claim, litigation, or regulatory proceeding.
Conduct analytics and research on who is using our Services and what they are doing. For example, by logging how often people use two different versions of a feature on Pinterest, we can understand which version is better.
Improve the products and services of our family of companies and offer new features. For example, using information to train, develop, and improve our technology such as our machine learning models.
Create aggregated or de-identified information that cannot reasonably be used to identify you. Pinterest processes, maintains, and uses this information only in a de-identified fashion for the purposes of this Privacy Policy and will not attempt to re-identify such information.
We also use your information to personalize the ads you see
Specifically, we use the information we collect to:
Decide which ads to show you, directly on Pinterest, and
depending on where you live
, show you ads through our partners. For example, if you show an interest in camping tents on Pinterest or browse sleeping bags on one of our partner’s websites, we may show you ads for other outdoor products. We customize the ads we show you by identifying your interests based on your onsite and offsite activities, as well as by using information we receive from ad partners or other third parties. Where we use cookies to identify your offsite interests, we’ll get your consent where required.
Advertise Pinterest products and services to you on other sites and apps. To do this, we disclose information such as cookie IDs, your IP address, or a hashed version of your email address to third parties, such as Facebook Ads, Google Marketing Platform, and others who may combine that information with other information they already have about you and deliver ads about Pinterest to you.
Learn more
about our marketing practices off Pinterest and how to opt-out.
Tell our ad partners how their Pinterest ads are doing, and how to make them better. To do this, we disclose information about the ads you see or interact with on Pinterest to our advertisers and third-party companies to improve the performance of the ads that we or they use to audit or improve the delivery and performance of ads or content on websites and apps. Some of this information is aggregated. For example, we would report to an advertiser that a certain percentage of people who viewed a Pin went on to visit that advertiser's site. Depending on where you live and your settings, we may also disclose this information at an individual level. For example, we would let an advertiser know that a particular Pin has been saved by certain people. To find out more about reporting on ads please
visit the Help Center
.
Some of these activities may be considered “targeted advertising” “sharing” or “selling” as those terms are defined under certain state privacy laws in the US. You can opt out of Pinterest using and disclosing your information for these purposes. To do so, visit your
Privacy and Data Settings
.
When we use cookies to learn about your behavior on or off of our services, we or our partners will obtain consent that we may need under applicable law. To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Additional Info for EEA, Swiss and UK Data Subjects: Legal bases we rely on where we use your information
The below section only applies for residents in the EEA, Switzerland, and UK. Under applicable data protection law in the European Region (such as the GDPR), companies must have a legal justification to process your information for the various purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
You also have particular rights available to you depending on which legal basis we use, and we’ve explained these below.
We use info based on legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or those of a third party where they are not outweighed by your interests and fundamental rights.
To show you content that’s relevant, interesting and personal to you, we:
Identify you when you use our Services.
Recommend Pins, boards, topics or content you might like based on your activity on our Services. For example, if you engage with cooking-related content on Pinterest, we may suggest food-related Pins and boards.
Customize your Pinterest experience based on your offsite behavior. For example, if you visit websites that sell electric guitars, we may suggest guitar Pins to you.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest and in the interest of Pinterest users to receive a personalized, unique and relevant offering, as this is why users come to the Service.
Information categories used
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To build your community on our Services, we:
Suggest other people who have similar interests. For example, if you follow interior design boards, we may suggest interior designers that you might like.
Help your friends and contacts find you on Pinterest. For example, if you sign up using a Facebook account, we can help your Facebook friends find you on Pinterest when they first sign up for Pinterest. Or people can search for your account on Pinterest using your email. If you choose to sync your contacts with your Pinterest account, we will access contacts stored on your device to help you find out if your contacts are on our Services.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest to help you make connections you may know in order to deliver a relevant and unique Service.
Information categories used
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Your contacts
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To make and keep Pinterest safe, we:
Work with law enforcement and researchers to keep Pinterest safe. We may get requests for account information from law enforcement authorities like the police or courts, or from researchers to study activity on Pinterest. To find out more about how we respond to law enforcement requests, please see our
Law Enforcement Guidelines
.
Analyze users’ log data and device information to identify and investigate suspicious behavior or violation of our policies or Terms.
Review your activity and messages on our Services to detect spam or activity that poses a risk to the safety of you, our community and/or members of the public.
Conduct age verification. This may include facial age estimation and matching your face against a government ID.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest and in the interest of Pinterest users to secure Pinterest systems and fight spam, threats, abuse or infringement activities and promote safety and security on Pinterest.
It is also in our interest and the interests of other users to ensure our Services are used in accordance with our Terms.
Information categories used
The actual information used depends on the factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Your communications with us
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To improve, innovate and develop our Services, we:
Conduct analytics and research on who is using Pinterest and what they are doing. For example, by logging how often people use two different versions of a feature on Pinterest, we can understand which version is better.
Improve the products and services of our family of companies and offer new features. For example, using information to train, develop, and improve our technology such as our machine learning models. Some of this information may be aggregated or de-identified.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest and the interests of Pinterest’s users that we improve, promote and develop the Service in an informed way.
Information categories used
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Your communications with us
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To seek legal advice or protect Pinterest in litigation or other disputes, we:
Preserve and share information when we seek legal advice or seek to protect ourselves in the context of litigation and other disputes. This includes violations of our Terms and policies.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest and in the interest of Pinterest users to respond to complaints, prevent and address fraud, unauthorized use of Pinterest, violations of our Terms and policies, or other harmful or illegal activity.
It is in our interest to seek legal advice and protect ourselves (including our rights, personnel, property or products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory inquiries and litigation or other disputes.
Information categories used
The actual information used depends on the factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Your communications with us
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To communicate with you, we:
Respond to your questions or comments.
Send you updates (such as when certain activity, like saves or comments, happens on Pinterest) and news by email or push notification, depending on your settings. For example, we send weekly updates that include Pins you may like. Depending on where you live, this may be marketing and in certain cases we will obtain your consent. You can decide to
stop getting these notifications
by updating your
settings
.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest and in the interest of Pinterest users to continuously improve and develop the customer support we provide.
It is in our interest and in the interest of Pinterest users to learn of new features and elements that may be of interest to them.
Information categories used
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Your communications with us
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To deliver advertising that is relevant, interesting and personal on our Services, we:
Decide which ads to show you based on information on our Services. For example, if you show an interest in camping tents on Pinterest, we may show you ads for other outdoor products.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest and in the interest of Pinterest users to receive relevant and interesting adverts for products or services they are interested in, as opposed to receiving randomized and generic ads which they may have no interest in. This is also the primary funding of the service and allows users to continue enjoying the service free-of-charge and allows Pinterest to generate revenue.
Information categories used
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Your communications with us
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To provide measurement and ad analytics we:
Use aggregated information from our measurement providers to tell our ad partners how their Pinterest ads are performing, and how to make them better. For example, we would report to an advertiser that a certain percentage of people who viewed a Pin went on to visit that advertiser's site. To find out more about reporting on ads please
visit the Help Center
.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest to enable business accounts and advertisers to view and understand how their ads or content performed and the audience that viewed or interacted with their ads or content. This is so that they can make informed decisions (such as what kinds of ad campaigns they may want to run, the type of audience they want to reach and the types of content that users enjoy the most). This is also in the interest of other users as this helps keep the advertising and other content we show users relevant and entertaining, and keeps the Service free for all users.
Information categories used
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To deliver ads, off Pinterest, that are relevant, interesting and personal to you about Pinterest, we:
Advertise Pinterest products and services to you on other sites. To do this, we disclose information such as cookie IDs, your IP address, and a hashed version of your email address to services we use to market Pinterest to you on sites and apps other than Pinterest, such as Facebook Ads, Google Marketing Platform, and others.
Legitimate interests relied on
We have a legitimate interest in delivering ads that are relevant, interesting and personal to you in order to generate revenue.
Information categories used
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
We use info to comply with our legal obligations
Why and how we use your info
To comply with legal and regulatory obligations
Accessing, storing, preserving, or sharing information when doing so in response to a court order, search warrant, production order, subpoena or similar legal request.
Accessing, storing, preserving, or sharing information when we think it is reasonably necessary to comply with legal or regulatory obligations, including sharing with researchers, law enforcement, or other authorities.
To deal with and resolve requests and complaints. We retain correspondence relating to data subject requests under GDPR for two years, in case those requests are not resolved and this correspondence is required in order to handle any resulting complaints. In such cases, the correspondence is then retained while those complaints are being resolved.
Examples of laws that can require us to process information in the above way include:
Regulatory matters: to comply with regulatory obligations like under privacy laws (GDPR) and the Digital Services Act (DSA).
Civil, commercial, criminal, or consumer protection matters: where we are in receipt of a court order to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings or regulatory inquiries (e.g. orders or mandatory requests under the Irish Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014, GDPR).
Corporate and taxation matters: obligations such as the Irish Companies Act 2014 and the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997.
Issues relating to the safety of our Service and to protect rights, property and users
We keep information where it is necessary to investigate misuse of our Services, such as spam and other bad experiences. If we disable an account for violating our Terms, we also preserve information about that user for safety, security and integrity purposes.
Information categories used
Any of the categories of information listed in “We collect information in a few different ways” except for Precise location information (which we don’t collect from users in EEA, Switzerland, or the UK).
We use info where you give us consent
How and why we use your info
Where you have given us consent (for example through your device settings):
Allowing searching with photos. For example, if you take a photo of a pair of shoes or a piece of furniture you like, you can ask us to show you similar items. You can opt in to this in your device operating system settings.
Ads on Pinterest based on offsite activities. We customize the ads we show you by identifying your interests based on your offsite activities, as well as by using information we receive from ad partners or other third parties. Where ad partners or other third parties share information with us about you, we rely on the consent they have already obtained.
Lead ads. If you submit information via a lead ad form (for example, to sign up for an advertiser’s mailing list or for a consultation), we will share that information with the advertiser as described on the form.
Promotion of Creators. If you choose to provide race or ethnicity information we will use it to promote you as a Creator, for example during Black History Month, or reach out to you about events.
Information categories used
Any of the categories of information listed in “We collect information in a few different ways” except for Precise location information (which we don’t collect from users in EEA, Switzerland, or the UK).
Where we rely on consent, you can withdraw that consent at any time.
Your Rights and Choices
We offer you certain choices to control your data. Depending on where you live (e.g., EEA, Switzerland, UK, US), these choices may also be privacy rights you have under local law. To exercise these rights, please visit your
account settings
and, if you still need help, our
Help Center
.
Access
: You can request access to the information we collect and hold about you in a portable format. You can find more information about this
through our Help Center
.
Correction/rectification
: You can correct your information by updating information in your profile.
Deletion/erasure
: You can have your information deleted. In your settings, select “Delete your data and account” and follow the instructions.
Opt out of “targeted advertising” “sharing” or “sale”
: As explained above some of our activities may constitute “targeted advertising,” “sharing,” or “selling” as those terms are defined under certain state privacy laws in the US. You may opt out at any time by following the instructions in your Privacy and Data Settings menu. Note that you will still see ads on our Services, but they will not be informed by offsite data.
Where we rely on consent, you can withdraw that consent at any time.
Additional rights in the EEA, the UK, and Switzerland
If you live in the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, you also have some additional rights:
Right to object or restrict processing
: You can object to direct marketing from us or where we rely on legitimate interests to process your information. You can object through this
form
.
Right to withdraw consent
: Where we rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your data, you can withdraw your consent at any stage. The lawfulness of Pinterest’s processing before you withdraw your consent will not be affected by such withdrawal.
Right to portability
: You can have the information you provided to us sent to another organization, where we hold this information with your consent or for the performance of a contract with you, and, where it's technically feasible for us to do so.
Right to lodge a complaint
: If you reside in the EEA, Switzerland, and UK, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority of your country.
In the UK, the relevant data protection authority is the Information Commissioner's Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF, +44 (0303) 123 1113, email: casework@ico.org.uk.
In Ireland, the relevant data protection authority is the Data Protection Commission, 21 Fitzwilliam Square South, Dublin 2, D02 RD28, +353 017650100 / + 353 1800437737, email: info@dataprotection.ie or by using the following online form:
Forms for Data Protection
.
We will not discriminate against you if you choose to exercise your rights or options related to your personal information. These rights may be limited, for example if fulfilling your request would reveal personal data about another person, where they would infringe the rights of a third party (including our rights) or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law to keep or have compelling legitimate interest to keep. If we deny your request to exercise your rights, you may have the right to appeal our decision by contacting us using
privacy-support@pinterest.com
.
You have choices regarding your information on Pinterest. If you have a Pinterest account, many of these controls are built directly into Pinterest or your settings. For example, you can:
Edit information in your profile
,
Link or unlink your Pinterest account
from other services (like Facebook or Google),
Edit secret board settings
, and
Close your account at any time
. We also support settings such as Limit Ad Tracking in iOS and Ads Personalization in Android devices.
You may also have choices available to you through the device or software you use to access Pinterest. For example:
The browser you use may let you control cookies or other types of local data storage.
Your mobile device lets you choose how and whether your precise location, photos, and other data is shared with us.
For users who reside in certain U.S. states and have enabled an opt-out preferences signal (such as Global Privacy Control), we will respect this preference when you use Pinterest.
How and when we share information
Anyone can see the public content you post, such as boards and Pins you create and public profile information you give us. Depending on where you live, we also make this public information available through what are called APIs (a technical way to share information quickly). For example, a partner can study what their most popular Pins are or how their Pins are being shared on Pinterest by using a Pinterest API. We also share the categories of information described above:
With other services, at your direction. For example, when you decide to
link your Pinterest account
to third party services, or when you publish your content on Pinterest to such services, you direct disclosure of certain information to those services. Creators may direct us to share information with advertisers or other partners for paid engagements.
Depending on where you live, we share data for advertising and related purposes, including showing you ads about Pinterest on third-party services, showing you ads through our partners, and helping advertisers understand how ads on Pinterest perform. For example, when you fill out a lead ad form, or click on an ad on Pinterest, we’ll share this information with advertising partners.
With vendors that we employ to process information on our behalf based on our instructions and for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. For example, we share data with security consultants to help us get better at identifying spam. Some information we acquire may be collected by vendors on our behalf.
With law enforcement agencies, government agencies, researchers, or other parties in compliance with laws, rules, or regulations. For example, we may get requests for account information from law enforcement authorities like the police or courts. We only disclose information in response to such requests if we believe that disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation or legal request; to protect the safety, rights, or property of the public, any person, or Pinterest; or to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues. We may also share information if we believe it is necessary to prevent imminent and serious bodily harm to a person in emergency situations. To find out more about how we respond to law enforcement requests, please see our
Law Enforcement Guidelines
. We may share your publicly accessible information with independent researchers who meet certain criteria, to combat societal harms.
With our corporate family of companies, including wholly-owned subsidiaries and affiliates. If we were to engage in a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, or similar transaction or proceeding that involves the transfer of the information described in this Privacy Policy, we would share your information with a party involved in such a process (for example, a potential purchaser).
Transferring your information
Pinterest is a worldwide service. By using our products or services, you authorize us to transfer and store your information outside your home country, including in the United States, for the purposes described in this policy. The privacy protections and the rights of authorities to access your personal information in such countries may not be equivalent to those of your home country.
Additional steps for data transfers in the EEA, Switzerland, and the UK
If you live in the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK, we take additional steps related to data transfers. Information controlled by Pinterest Europe Limited will be transferred or transmitted to, or stored and processed in, the United States or other countries outside of where you live for the purposes as described in this policy. Safeguards which we rely on in ensuring your information benefits from an adequate level of protection includes the following:
Adequacy decisions. These are decisions issued from the European Commission under Article 45 GDPR (or equivalent decisions under other laws) where they recognise that a country offers an adequate level of data protection. We transfer your information as described in “How we use the info we collect” to some countries with such adequacy decisions, such as the countries listed here; or
Standard contractual clauses (“SCCs”). The European Commission has approved contractual clauses under Article 46 of the GDPR that allows companies in the EEA to transfer data outside the EEA. These (and their approved equivalent for the UK and Switzerland) are called standard contractual clauses. We rely on standard contractual clauses to transfer information as described in “How we use the info we collect” to third parties in countries without an adequacy decision.
While transfers to countries that don’t have an adequacy decision typically take place on the basis of SCCs, in certain circumstances, transfers can also take place on the basis of exemptions provided under data protection law. For example, sharing with law enforcement, in emergency situations where we learn that a person’s life is at risk.
We also identify and use additional protections as appropriate for each data transfer. For example, we use:
technical protections, such as encryption and pseudonymisation; and
policies and processes to challenge disproportionate or unlawful government authority requests.
For a copy of these adequacy decisions or SCCs, please contact us via the details provided in the Contact us section below.
How long we keep your information
We keep your information only so long as we need it to provide Pinterest to you and fulfill the purposes described in this policy. When we no longer need to use your information and there is no need for us to keep it to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, we’ll either remove it from our systems or depersonalize it so that we can't use it to identify you.
If you live in the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, here is some further information on our retention practices: We keep your information only so long as necessary for the purposes identified in this Privacy Policy, which include providing our Service, or for other legitimate purposes, such as complying with legal obligations, enforcing and preventing violations of our Terms, to fight spam, or protecting or defending our rights, property and users. The storage periods are determined on a case-by-case basis. We keep account information, like your name, email address, and password, for as long as your account is in existence because we need it to operate your account.
Our policy on children's information
Children under 13 are not allowed to use Pinterest. If you are based in a state or country with an older age requirement, you may only use the Services if you are at or over the age at which you can provide consent to data processing. Please visit the
Help Center
for more information.
How we make changes to this policy
We may change this policy from time to time and if we do, we’ll post any changes on this page. If you continue to use Pinterest after those changes are in effect, the new policy applies to you. If the changes are significant, we may provide a more prominent notice, such as by sending you an email.
Contact us
The best way to get in touch with us or to exercise your options described above is through the
Help Center
. If you live in the United States, Pinterest, Inc. is responsible for your information. You can contact Pinterest Inc. at 651 Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA.
You can also contact our
Data Protection Officer
.
Effective Date outside EEA, UK, and Switzerland: March 13, 2024
Effective Date in EEA, UK, and Switzerland: April 30, 2024
Table of Contents
California Privacy Statement
Summary of changes
Thank you for using Pinterest!
Scope of the Privacy Policy
We collect information in a few different ways
How we use the info we collect
Additional Info for EEA, Swiss and UK Data Subjects: Legal bases we rely on where we use your information
Your Rights and Choices
How and when we share information
Transferring your information
How long we keep your information
Our policy on children's information
How we make changes to this policy
Contact us
Sub-policy 13
https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy:
Skip to Content
Updated March 2, 2023
Privacy Policy
How Shopify handles your data
Table of Contents
Introduction
Our values
Why we process your information
Your rights over your information
Where we send your information
How long do we retain your information
Our use of Machine Learning
How we protect your information
How we use “cookies” and other tracking technologies
How you can reach us
United States Regional Privacy Notice
Introduction
In our mission to make commerce better for everyone at Shopify, we collect and use information about you, our
merchants using Shopify
to power your business
customers
who shop at a Shopify-powered business
partners
who develop apps for merchants to use, build stores on behalf of merchants, refer potential entrepreneurs to Shopify, or otherwise help merchants operate or improve their Shopify-powered business
users of Shopify apps
and services like
Shop
or
Shop Pay
visitors to
Shopify’s websites
, or anyone contacting
Shopify support
This Privacy Policy will help you better understand how we collect, use, and share your personal information. If we change our privacy practices, we may update this privacy policy. If any changes are significant, we will let you know (for example, through the Shopify admin or by email).
Our values
Trust is the foundation of the Shopify platform and includes trusting us to do the right thing with your information. Three main values guide us as we develop our products and services. These values should help you better understand how we think about your information and privacy.
Your information belongs to you
We carefully analyze what types of information we need to provide our services, and we try to limit the information we collect to only what we really need. Where possible, we delete or anonymize this information when we no longer need it. When building and improving our products, our engineers work closely with our privacy and security teams to build with privacy in mind. In all of this work our guiding principle is that your information belongs to you, and we aim to only use your information to your benefit.
We protect your information from others
If a third party requests your personal information, we will refuse to share it unless you give us permission or we are legally required. When we are legally required to share your personal information, we will tell you in advance, unless we are legally forbidden.
We help merchants and partners meet their privacy obligations
Many of the merchants and partners using Shopify do not have the benefit of a dedicated privacy team, and it is important to us to help them meet their privacy obligations. To do this, we try to build our products and services so they can easily be used in a privacy-friendly way. We also provide detailed FAQs and documentation covering the most important privacy topics, and respond to privacy-related questions we receive.
Why we process your information
We generally process your information when we need to do so to fulfill a contractual obligation (for example, to process your subscription payments to use the Shopify platform), or where we or someone we work with needs to use your personal information for a reason related to their business (for example, to provide you with a service). Laws in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and in the United Kingdom (“UK”) call these reasons “legitimate interests.” These “legitimate interests” include:
preventing risk and fraud
answering questions or providing other types of support
helping merchants find and use apps through our app store
providing and improving our products and services
providing reporting and analytics
testing out features or additional services
assisting with marketing, advertising, or other communications
We only process personal information for these “legitimate interests” after considering the potential risks to your privacy and balancing any risks with certain measures—for example, by providing clear transparency into our privacy practices, offering you control over your personal information where appropriate, limiting the information we keep, limiting what we do with your information, who we send your information to, how long we keep your information, or the technical measures we use to protect your information.
We may also process your personal information where you have provided your consent. In particular, where we cannot rely on an alternative legal basis for processing, where you direct us to transfer information to a third party, where we receive your data from a third party is sourced and it already comes with consent or where we are required by law to ask for your consent (including in the context of some of our sales and marketing activities). At any time, you have a right to withdraw your consent by changing your communication choices, opting out from our communications or by contacting us.
Depending on whether you are a merchant, customer, partner, user or visitor, please refer to our supplemental privacy policies, as relevant, to understand our purposes for processing, categories of recipients and legal basis for processing for each type of personal data.
Your rights over your information
We believe you should be able to access and control your personal information no matter where you live. Depending on how you use Shopify, you may have the right to request access to, correct, amend, delete, port to another service provider, restrict, or object to certain uses of your personal information. We will not charge you more or provide you with a different level of service if you exercise any of these rights. Please note that a number of these rights apply only in certain circumstances, and all of these rights may be limited by law.
If you buy something from or otherwise provide your information to a Shopify-powered store and wish to exercise these rights over information about your purchase or interaction, you need to directly contact the merchant you interacted with. We are a processor and process information on their behalf. We will of course help our merchants to fulfill these requests to the extent required by law, such as by giving them the tools to do so and by answering their questions.
If you are a merchant, partner, Shop user, Shopify employee, website visitor or other individual that Shopify has a direct relationship with, please submit your data subject request through our
online portal
. Please note that if you send us a request relating to your personal information, we have to make sure that it is you before we can respond. In order to do so, we may use a third party to collect and verify identification documents. Further information about rights available to US residents can be found below under the header “United States Regional Privacy Notice”.
If you are not happy with our response to a request, you can contact us to resolve the issue. If you are located in the EEA or UK, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection or privacy authority at any time.
Finally, because there is no common understanding about what a
“Do Not Track”
signal is supposed to mean, we don’t respond to those signals in any particular way.
Where we send your information
We are a Canadian company, but we work with and process data about individuals across the world. To operate our business, we may send your personal information outside of your state, province, or country, including to the United States. This data may be subject to the laws of the countries where we send it. We take steps to protect your information when we send your information across borders.
Depending on whether you are a merchant, customer, partner, user or visitor, please refer to our supplemental privacy policies, as relevant.
Transfers outside of Europe and Switzerland
If you are located in the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, your personal information is controlled by our Irish affiliate, Shopify International Ltd. Your information is then sent to other Shopify locations and to service providers who may be located in other regions, including Canada (where we are based) and the United States. When we send your personal information outside of the EEA, UK or Switzerland, we do so in accordance with applicable law.
If you are in the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, when we send your personal information to Canada it is protected under Canadian law, which the European Commission has found adequately protects your information. If we then send this personal information outside of Canada (for example, when we send this information to our
Subprocessors
), this information is protected by contractual commitments that are comparable to those provided in the
Standard Contractual Clauses.
Finally, while we do what we can to protect your information, we may at times be legally required to disclose your personal information (for example, if we receive a valid court order). For information about how we respond to such orders, please review our
Guidelines for Legal Requests
.
How long do we retain your information
We will retain your personal data only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we have collected it. To determine the appropriate retention period, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of your personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means and the applicable legal requirements. We will also retain and use your personal information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our policies. If you stop using our services or if you delete your account with us, we will delete your information or store your information in an aggregated and anonymized format.
Depending on whether you are a merchant, customer, partner, user or visitor, please refer to our supplemental privacy policies, as relevant, for further details on the retention of your personal information.
Our use of Machine Learning
One of the ways in which we are able to help merchants using Shopify is by using techniques like “machine learning” (some laws, including certain EEA and UK laws, may refer to this as “automated decision-making”) to help us improve our services. When we use machine learning, we either: (1) still have a human being involved in the process (and so are not fully automated); or (2) use machine learning in ways that don’t have legal or similarly significant effects (for example, reordering how apps might appear when you visit the app store).
How we protect your information
Our teams work tirelessly to protect your information, and to ensure the security and integrity of our platform. We also have independent auditors assess the security of our data storage and systems that process financial information. However, we all know that no method of transmission over the Internet, and method of electronic storage, can be 100% secure. This means we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your personal information. You can find more information about our security measures at
/ie/security
.
How we use “cookies” and other tracking technologies
We use
cookies
and similar tracking technologies on our website and when providing our services. For more information about how we use these technologies, including a list of other companies that place cookies on our sites, a list of cookies that we place when we power a merchant’s store, and an explanation of how you can opt out of certain types of cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
How you can reach us
If you would like to ask about, make a request relating to, or complain about how we process your personal information, please contact
Shopify Support
, or mail us at one of the addresses below. If you would like to submit a legally binding request to demand someone else’s personal information (for example, if you have a subpoena or court order), please review our
Guidelines for Legal Requests
.
If you are a merchant, partner, Shop user, Shopify employee, website visitor or other individual that Shopify has a direct relationship with and you are located in the EEA or UK, Shopify International Ltd is the controller of your personal data. If you buy something from or otherwise provide your information to a Shopify-powered store, the merchant is your data controller and we are acting as a processor on their behalf.
If you have questions about how a merchant or store processes your personal information, you should contact the merchant or visit their privacy policy.
Shopify Commerce Singapore Pte. Ltd.
Attn: Data Protection Officer
77 Robinson Road,
#13-00 Robinson 77,
Singapore 068896
If you are located in the EEA, the UK, the Middle East, South America, or Africa:
Shopify International Ltd.
Attn: Data Protection Officer
c/o Intertrust Ireland
2nd Floor 1-2 Victoria Buildings
Haddington Road
Dublin 4, D04 XN32
Ireland
If you are located in Asia, Australia, or New Zealand:
Shopify Commerce Singapore Pte. Ltd.
Attn: Data Protection Officer
77 Robinson Road,
#13-00 Robinson 77,
Singapore 068896
United States Regional Privacy Notice
This United States Regional Privacy Notice (“US Notice”) supplements our Privacy Policy and all supplemental privacy policies on
www.shopify.com
(together, the “Shopify Privacy Policies”).
This US Notice is for individuals residing in certain US states and is designed to help you better understand how we collect, use, and disclose your personal information and, depending on how you use Shopify and where you reside, how to exercise available rights under various applicable privacy laws in the US, specifically the California Consumer Privacy Act, the Colorado Privacy Act, the Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring, the Utah Consumer Privacy Act, and the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (collectively, the “US Privacy Laws”).
What information we collect and share about you
To provide our apps and services to you, we must process information about you, including personal information.
We do not “sell” your personal information as that term is defined under US Privacy Laws.
Here is a summary of the categories of personal information we may have collected about you over the past 12 months and with whom we may have disclosed that information to, depending on how you use Shopify.
Categories of personal information collected
Recipients of personal information
Identifiers, including name, email address, mailing address, phone number;
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute, including name, mailing and billing address, phone number, credit or debit card information;
Commercial information, including products you purchase, place in your shopping cart, favorite or review (if you are a customer) and information you provide us about you and your business (if you are a merchant);
Photos and videos, which may include face imagery, if you choose to provide them.
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including information regarding the device and browser you use, network connection, IP address, and how you browse through our apps and sites;
Geolocation data, including your mailing and billing address;
Inferences, or information derived from other personal information about you, which could include your preferences, interests, and other information used to personalize your experience;
Other information you provide; and
Sensitive personal information, which may include:
Government-issued identifiers, including social security, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport number;
Your account access credentials (such as account log-in, financial account, debit or credit card number in combination with any required security access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account);
Your device’s precise location (if you are a Shop App user, but only when you allow Shop to access this information);
Information you voluntarily disclose that may reveal certain characteristics about you such as your racial or ethnic origin or sexual orientation
The contents of email messages in the email inboxes that you connect to your Shop account, and information from email messages you transfer to the app to be included in your order history (if you use Shop).
Companies who help us provide you with our services, including cloud storage providers, payment processors, fulfillment partners, security vendors, email providers, marketplaces and data analytics vendors;
Advertisers and marketing vendors;
Merchants whose shops you visit or make purchases from;
Partners who provide a range of services to merchants, such as by developing apps or themes for use by merchants, serving as an affiliate that refers potential merchants to us, or helping merchants build or manage stores;
Law enforcement or other third parties in connection with legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Why we collect and share your Personal Information
We use and share your personal information for the purposes set out in the Shopify Privacy Policies. For categories of sensitive personal information that we collect, we only use or disclose such information either with your specific consent when required, or as otherwise permitted by law.
Sources of Personal Information
To make commerce better for everyone at Shopify, we collect and use personal information provided by:
You: We collect the information you provide when you use our platform, including when you sign up for Shopify as a merchant, visit a Shopify-powered store, fill in order information, visit one of Shopify’s websites or contact Shopify support. We collect account and payment information you provide to us (including information about your business if you are a merchant), Shopify stores or items you save to favorites, purchases you make, reviews you post, and how you otherwise interact or communicate with stores or other users on our apps or services. We also collect information about how you browse through our apps and sites, including search terms you may enter.
Your device(s): We collect information from and about the devices you use, including computers, phones, and other web-connected devices you use to access our apps or services, and we combine this information across different devices you use.
Third parties: We receive information from partners who help us provide you with our services including the following:
Email providers. If you use the Shop App and you connect your third party inboxes, such as Gmail or Outlook (according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law), we receive information to identify shopping-related emails and display within Shop information about specific orders you have made, stores you have engaged with in the past, and other related information.
Service Providers. We receive information from our service providers, who help us provide services to our merchants, like reviewing accounts for fraud or other concerns.
Marketplaces. If you use the Shop App, we receive information about purchases you have made from other marketplaces or platforms, such as Amazon, that you choose to connect through Shop. This information helps us to provide and improve Shop, to personalize your experience using our apps and services, and to determine if you are eligible for specific offers or payment methods.
Subprocessors. We work with third party subprocessors for cloud hosting, content delivery, data analysis, internal logging, fulfillment services and email transmission, among others, to provide you with our services. For more information, see Shopify’s subprocessors.
Analytics and cookie providers. We receive information through our use of cookies, social plugins (such as the Facebook “like” button), pixels and tags for business purposes, such as providing information to help measure how users interact with our website content. For more information about how we use these technologies, see our Cookie Policy.
How long we keep your information
Because we need your personal information to provide Shopify services, we generally keep your personal information, including sensitive personal information, while you use Shopify products or services or until you tell us to delete your information. We may also keep personal information to comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests.
If you are a merchant operating a Shopify-powered store, and you close the store, stop paying your subscription fees, or we terminate your account, we retain store information for two years before we begin the deletion process.
When you visit or make a purchase from a merchant’s Shopify-powered store, we act as a service provider or processor for the merchant, and the merchant, not Shopify, decides how long your information is retained.
Your rights over your information
Depending on where you live, how you use Shopify, and subject to certain exceptions, you may have some or all of the following rights:
Right to Know: The right to request that we disclose to you the personal information we collect, use, or disclose about you, and information about our data practices.
Right to Request Correction: The right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you.
Right to Request Deletion: The right to request that we delete personal information that we have collected about you.
To exercise your rights, including the “right to know” and “right to delete,” please submit a request through our online portal. If you use Shop or Shop Pay, please visit
https://shop.app/delete-account
for instructions on how to request deletion of your information.
If you have visited or made a purchase from a merchant’s Shopify-powered store, please contact the specific merchant directly. If you make a request to us, we will forward your request to the relevant merchant.
Please note that to protect your information and the integrity of our products and services, we may need to verify your identity before processing your request. In some cases we may need to collect additional information to verify your identity, such as your email address or a government issued ID.
Under US Privacy Laws, you may also designate an authorized agent to make these requests on your behalf. If you use an authorized agent to submit a request, we may need to collect additional information, such as a government issued ID, to verify your identity before processing your request to protect your information.
For information on the CCPA requests we have received, please see here. In certain states, you may have the right to appeal our decision regarding a request related to these rights. If you wish to appeal a decision, please contact Shopify Support.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of these rights.
How you can reach us
If you would like to ask about or have concerns about how we process your personal information, please contact Shopify Support. If you want to make a request relating to your personal information, please contact us using the methods set out in the section immediately above.
Sub-policy 14
https://sproutsocial.com/privacy-policy/:
Cookie Policy
This website uses cookies for analytics and functionality purposes.  To change your cookie settings or find out more,
view our cookie policy
.
Not Now
Accept Cookies
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Terms of Use (Website)
Disclosure Policy
Cookie Notice
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Accessibility Statement
Modern Slavery Statement
Supplier Code of Conduct
Human Rights Policy
Transparency in Coverage
EU Digital Services Act
Print page
Sprout Social, Inc. Privacy Policy
Last updated: December 11, 2024
Sprout Social respects your right to privacy. This privacy policy (“
Privacy Policy
”) explains who we are, how we collect, share and use information about you and how you can exercise your privacy rights. Our Privacy Policy applies to all users of Sprout Social websites and services, including but not limited to
www.sproutsocial.com
,
app.sproutsocial.com
,
influencer.sproutsocial.com
and
advocacy.sproutsocial.com
(depending on your use, the “
Site
” and/or the “
Service
”). For further information on the terms which govern your use of the respective Service, please see
https://sproutsocial.com/terms
or any service order you may have signed with us.
1. What does Sprout Social do?
If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your information, then please contact us using the contact details provided in the “
How to Contact Us
” section of this Privacy Policy. Sprout Social is a provider of software for social media management, employee advocacy, analytics, listening, and influencer marketing headquartered in the U.S. For more information about Sprout Social, please see the “
About Us
” section of our Site at
https://sproutsocial.com/about/
.
2. Information Collected
We collect information about visitors to our Site, our customers and their users of the Service, users of our customers’ social media pages / properties, creators who use the Service, creators who do not use the Service, and job applicants. Such information is collected from the following sources:
Information We Collect Directly from You
: The type of information that we collect directly from you varies based on your interaction with our Site and our Service. For example, we collect information directly from you when you register an account with us, liaise with us on a customer service issue, apply for a job, and complete an application or other forms on the Site and/or Service. We also collect information that you send us via any medium, including, but not limited to email address and phone number. In addition, we collect information about you from your social media interactions on third party social media properties, such as your social media handle, username, profile, postings, and messages you exchange with our customers.
Information We Receive from Customers
: We receive information from customers in order to provide our Service. Such information may include a user’s social media handle, username, profile picture, biography, follower counts, website URL, first and last name (if provided by user), and messages or communications with our customers. We collect information from individuals employed by our customers such as their contact information in order to provide our Service.
Information We Receive from Creators Who Use the Service
: We receive information from creators who use the Service in order to provide our Service. Such information may include their contact information, social media handle, username, profile picture, biography, follower counts, website URL, first and last name (if provided by user), and messages or communications.
Information We Receive About Creators Who Do Not Use the Service
: We receive information about creators who do not use the Service in order to provide our Service. Such information may include their contact information, social media handle, username, profile picture, biography, follower counts, website URL, first and last name (if provided by the creator), and messages or communications. We receive this information from various sources, including our customers, creators who use the Service, third-party data providers and publicly available sources.
3. Information Collected Automatically
When you visit our Site or use our Service, we may collect certain information automatically from your device. This information may be considered personal information under applicable data protection laws. Specifically, the information we collect automatically may include information like your IP address, device type, unique device identification numbers, browser-type, broad geographic location (e.g. country or city-level location), third party webpages accessed via the Service and other technical information. We may also collect information about how your device has interacted with our Site (including the pages accessed and links clicked) or Service (including content accessed). Collecting this information enables us to better understand the visitors who come to our Site or use our Service, where they come from, and what content and functionality is of interest to them. We use this information for our internal analytics purposes and to improve the quality and relevance of our Site and/or Service to our visitors and users. Some of this information may be collected using cookies and similar tracking technology, as explained further under the heading “
Cookies, similar tracking technology, and analytics
” below and in our
Cookie Notice
.
4. Information from Other Sources
We also collect information from other sources. The following are the categories of sources we collect information from:
Data brokers or resellers from which we purchase data to verify and supplement the data we collect.
Social networks when you engage with our content, reference our Site or Service, or grant us permission to access information from the social networks.
Partners that offer co-branded services, sell or distribute our products, or engage in joint marketing activities.
Customers that provide us with information which we process as a service provider.
Creators who use the Service and provide us information through the Service.
5. Do-Not-Track
Your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a “Do Not Track” signal to online services you visit. Note, however, there is no industry consensus as to what site and app operators should do with regard to these signals. Accordingly, unless and until the law is interpreted to require us to do so, our systems do not recognize browser “do-not-track” requests. You may, however, disable certain tracking as discussed in this Privacy Policy (e.g., by disabling cookies, or using private browsing modes).
6. Use of Information
Sprout Social processes information for business and commercial purposes in accordance with the practices described in this Privacy Policy. Our business purposes for collecting and using information, including in the last 12 months, include the following:
Operate and improve the Site and Service;
Provide the Service and other products and services that may be requested or could be of interest;
Facilitate subscription processing, reviews and analysis;
Evaluate user interest and needs in order to improve the Service and make available other offers, products or services;
Record calls for quality, training and Service improvement purposes (upon receipt of consent where required by applicable law);
Evaluate the types of offers, products or services we make available;
Monitor use of the Service, including for troubleshooting and product improvement purposes;
Provide customer support;
Communicate and provide additional information that may be of interest to users through email or other means, such as special offers, announcements, and marketing materials;
Conduct online research surveys regarding the Site and/or Service;
Combine datasets to create aggregated data for internal evaluation and analysis;
Share anonymized or personalized tokens across the Sprout Social, Influencer Marketing and Employee Advocacy platforms in order to provide the Service;
Send you reminders, technical notices, updates, product announcements, security alerts and support and administrative messages, service bulletins, or marketing;
Provide advertisements to you through email messages;
As necessary to consider your job application for open positions, process your employment and education history, transcript, writing samples, and references;
Manage our everyday business needs such as Site and/or Service administration, forum management, fulfillment, analytics, fraud prevention, enforcement of our corporate reporting obligations, legal terms and any other contractual agreement relating to our Service or to comply with the law; and
Fulfill any other business or commercial purposes at your direction or with your notice and/or consent.
Notwithstanding the above, we may use information that does not identify you (including information that has been aggregated or de-identified) for any purpose except as prohibited by applicable law. For information on your rights and choices regarding how we use information about you, please see “
Your Data Protection Rights
” below.
7. Categories of Third Parties With Whom We May Share Your Information
We share information we collect in accordance with the practices described in this Privacy Policy. The following are the categories of recipients:
to our affiliates, service providers and partners who provide data processing services to us (for example, to support the delivery of, provide functionality on, or help to enhance the security of our Site or Service), or who otherwise process information for purposes that are described in this Privacy Policy or for which we provide you notice when we collect your information. We share information with our affiliates for business and commercial purposes. We contractually prohibit our service providers from retaining, using, or disclosing information about you for any purpose other than performing the services for us, although we may permit them to use information that does not identify you (including information that has been aggregated or de-identified) for any purpose except as prohibited by applicable law.
to our customers (including information pertaining to customer end-users as well as internal personnel and creators who may be relevant to their influencer marketing) in order to effectively provide our social media management, social advocacy, social analytics, influencer marketing and social listening services and to manage the customer relationship. For example, we share information with our customers in order to facilitate the processing of their orders, maintain and administer their online accounts, respond to their questions and comments, comply with their requests, help them identify and connect with creators they want to work with, market and advertise to them and otherwise comply with our contractual obligations and with applicable law;
to creators who use the Service (including information pertaining to other creators and customers who may be interested in working with them) in order to effectively provide our, influencer marketing services and to manage their account. For example, we share information with creators who use the Service in order to help them identify and connect with customers they want to work with, maintain and administer their online accounts, respond to their questions and comments, comply with their requests, market and advertise to them and otherwise comply with our terms and with applicable law;
to local information technology resellers in certain countries where permitted by applicable law. We may provide contact information of customers / potential customers to such reseller to market our Service.
to any competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, court or other third party where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law or court order or regulation, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or (iii) to protect your vital interests or those of any other person;
to a potential buyer (and its agents, investors, and/or advisors) in connection with any proposed or actual purchase, merger or acquisition of any part of our business, provided that we inform the buyer it must use your information only for the purposes disclosed in this Privacy Policy;
to vendors for business and commercial purposes, including analytics and advertising technology companies. Vendors may act as our service providers, or in certain contexts, independently decide how to process your information. For more information on advertising and analytics, see the “
Cookies, similar tracking technology, and analytics
” section below;
to any other person with notice to you and your consent to the disclosure;
when you voluntarily enter a sweepstakes, contest, or other promotion, we share information as set out in the official rules that govern the promotion as well as for administrative purposes and as required by law (e.g., on a winners list). By entering a promotion, you agree to the official rules that govern that promotion, and may, except where prohibited by applicable law, allow the sponsor and/or other entities to use your name, voice and/or likeness in advertising or marketing materials;
when you make information public through the Site or Service, such as information in your profile or that you post or comment on public boards, including through Disqus and social media, your information is publicly viewable. Please think carefully before making information public as you are solely responsible for any information you make public. Once you have posted information, you may not be able to edit or delete such information, subject to additional rights set out in the “
Your Data Protection Rights
” section below; and
when you request or direct us to share information, such as when you choose to share information with a social network or other third party platform about your activities on the Service, which may require you to accept such third party’s terms of use or privacy policy.
Please note the Service uses third-party services, and if you use these third-party services through the Service, you are subject to the privacy policies of these third-party services (as applicable), including but not limited to:
Third-Party Service
Location
X Privacy Policy
https://x.com/en/privacy
Meta Privacy Policy
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy/
Instagram Data Policy
https://help.instagram.com/155833707900388
LinkedIn Privacy Policy
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
WhatsApp Privacy Policy
https://www.whatsapp.com/legal/privacy-policy
TikTok Privacy Policy
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/page/us/privacy-policy/en
Pinterest Privacy Policy
https://policy.pinterest.com/en/privacy-policy
YouTube Privacy
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Reddit Privacy Policy
https://www.reddit.com/policies/privacy-policy
Google Privacy Policy
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Twitch Privacy Notice
https://www.twitch.tv/p/en/legal/privacy-notice/
Notwithstanding the above, we may share information that does not identify you (including information that has been aggregated or de-identified) except as prohibited by applicable law. When information is de-identified (as defined by the CCPA), we maintain policies and technical procedures to avoid reidentification of such information. For information on your rights and choices regarding how we share information about you, please see the “
Your Data Protection Rights
” section below. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
8. Data Retention
We retain information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to provide you with a service you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements).
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your information, we will either delete or anonymize it in accordance with our data retention policy, or, in the limited circumstances where this is not possible (for example, because your information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
9. Sensitive personal information
The terms that govern your use of the Service prohibit you from providing Sprout Social with sensitive personal information as that term is defined under applicable law.
10. Legal basis for processing personal data (EEA or UK visitors / users only)
If you are a visitor or user from the European Economic Area or the UK, our legal basis for collecting and using the personal data described above will depend on the personal data concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.
However, we will normally collect personal data from you only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the personal data to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal data from you.
If we ask you to provide personal data to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your personal data is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your personal data).
Similarly, if we collect and use your personal data in reliance of our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal data, please contact us using the contact details provided under the “
How to Contact Us
” heading below.
11. Cookies, similar tracking technology, and analytics
We use cookies and similar tracking technology (collectively, “
Cookies
”) to collect and use information about you, including to serve interest-based advertising. For further information about the types of Cookies we use, why, and how you can control Cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
We also use analytics services, such as Google Analytics, to help us understand how users access and use the Service. In addition, we also use audience matching services to reach people (or people similar to people) who have visited our Service or are identified in one or more of our databases (“
Matched Ads
”). This is done by us uploading a customer list to a technology service or incorporating a pixel from a technology service into our own Service, and the technology service matching common factors between our data and their data. For instance, we incorporate the Facebook pixel on our Service and may share your email address with Facebook as part of our use of Facebook Custom Audiences.
Google provides tools to allow you to opt out of the use of certain information collected by Google Analytics at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
and by Google Analytics for Display Advertising or the Google Display Network at
https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/
.
To opt out of us using your data for Matched Ads, please click the “
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
” link. You can also set your browser to send a Global Privacy Control signal that communicates to us that you would like to opt-out of Matched Ads. Please note that opting out of Matched Ads does not mean that you will stop seeing ads. You will still see ads related to the Services, but you will stop receiving ads that are personalized to you.
As indicated above, vendors may act as our service providers, or in certain contexts, independently decide how to process your information. We encourage you to familiarize yourself with and consult their privacy policies and terms of use.
12. Social Media and Technology Integrations
We offer parts of our Service through websites, platforms, and services operated or controlled by separate entities. In addition, we integrate technologies operated or controlled by separate entities into parts of our Site and Service. Some examples include:
Links
. Our Site and Service includes links that hyperlink to websites, platforms, and other services not operated or controlled by us.
Liking, Sharing, and Logging-In
. We may embed a pixel or SDK on our Site or Service that allows you to “like” or “share” content on, or log-in to your account through social media. If you choose to engage with such integration, we may receive information from the social network that you have authorized to share with us. Please note that the social network may independently collect information about you through the integration.
Brand Pages and Chatbots
. We may offer our content through social media. Any information you provide to us when you engage with our content (such as through our brand page or via our chatbot on the Site or Service) is treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Also, if you publicly reference our Service on social media (e.g., by using a hashtag associated with Sprout Social in a tweet or post), we may use your reference on or in connection with our Site or Service.
Please note that when you interact with other entities, including when you leave our Site or Service, those entities may independently collect information about you and solicit information from you. The information collected and stored by those entities remains subject to their own policies, terms, and practices, including what information they share with us, your rights and choices on their services and devices, and whether they store information in the U.S. or elsewhere. We encourage you to familiarize yourself with and consult their privacy policies and terms of use.
13. Your Data Protection Rights
You have the following data protection rights:
If you wish to access, correct, update or request deletion of your information, you can do so at any time by contacting us using the contact details provided under the “
How to Contact Us
” heading below. Note that if you submit a request to delete your information, this may prohibit you from using the Site and/or Service. If you have authorized us to access your data via the YouTube API Services, then in addition to our normal procedure for deleting stored data, you may revoke our access to your data via the Google security settings page, located at
https://security.google.com/settings/security/permissions
.
In addition, if you are a resident of the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom, you can object to processing of your personal data, ask us to restrict processing of your personal data, or request portability of your personal data. Again, you can exercise these rights by contacting us using the contact details provided under the “
How to Contact Us
” heading below. Note that if you submit such a request, this may prohibit you from using the Site and/or Service.
You have the right to opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time. You can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing emails we send you. To opt-out of other forms of marketing (such as postal marketing or telemarketing), then please contact us using the contact details provided under the “
How to Contact Us
” heading below. Please note that your opt out is limited to the email address, device, and phone number used and will not affect subsequent subscriptions.
Similarly, if we have collected and processed your information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws. Where we process your information solely on behalf of a customer, we may be legally required to forward your request directly to our customer and/or social media business partners for their review / handling. Residents of certain states may have additional rights as set out in Section 23 (“
Additional Disclosures for California, Colorado, and Virginia Residents
”) below.
14. Security & User ID/Password
Our Site and/or Service implements and maintains various reasonable and appropriate administrative, physical, and technical security safeguards to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. These security safeguards include, but are not limited to, network and host security controls (e.g., firewalls, intrusion detection systems, etc.), data encryption (both at rest and during transmission), and operating procedures that are designed to protect your information. You should protect your user ID and password and NOT share it with anyone. Additionally, we recommend enabling two-step verification or SSO integration where available. If you believe your user ID and password have been compromised or you have trouble changing your user ID/password on the Site or Service, please contact our technical support department (
support@sproutsocial.com
). Nevertheless, transmission via the internet is not completely secure and we cannot guarantee the security of information about you.
15. CAN-SPAM Compliance Notice (U.S. users only)
We may send periodic promotional or informational emails to you. You may opt-out of promotional communications by following the unsubscribe or opt-out instructions contained in the email. Please note that it may take up to 10 business days for us to process opt-out requests. If you opt-out of receiving promotional emails about recommendations or other information we think may interest you, we may still send you emails about your account or any Service you have requested or received from us.
16. International Transfers
Your information may be transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are resident. For example, if you are a resident of Canada, your personal information may be transferred to the United States for processing. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country.
Specifically, our servers are located in the United States, and our group companies and third party service providers and partners operate around the world. This means that when we collect your information we may process it in any of these countries.
However, we have taken appropriate safeguards to ensure that your information will remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable legal requirements. These include our use of European Commission-approved Standard Contractual Clauses (along with the UK Addendum, where appropriate) and, as applicable, our commitment (and commitments made by third party transferees) to honor the principles set forth in the Data Privacy Frameworks (defined below), to the extent each such Data Privacy Framework is accepted as a lawful mechanism under which personal data can transfer in compliance with applicable laws.
17. Transfers Outside the EEA, United Kingdom, and Switzerland
Sprout Social, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce (collectively, “
Data Privacy Frameworks
”). Sprout Social has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to (i) the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF; and (ii) the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF (collectively, the “
DPF Principles
”).** If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the DPF Principles, the DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
With respect to any personal information received or transferred pursuant to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Data Privacy Frameworks, Sprout Social is subject to the investigatory and enforcement authority of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.
Where Sprout Social, Inc. transfers your personal information to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf, it shall remain liable under the DPF Principles if its agent processes such personal information in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles (unless Sprout Social Inc is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage).
18. Contacting Us, Complaints and Dispute Resolution
In compliance with the DPF Principles, Sprout Social, Inc. commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your information transferred to the United States pursuant to the Data Privacy Frameworks. EEA, UK, and Swiss individuals with privacy inquiries or complaints should first contact us by email at
privacy@sproutsocial.com
. We will work to resolve your issue and will respond within 45 days of receipt. If, however, you believe that we have not been able to assist with your complaint or concern, and you are located in the EEA, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority.
Sprout Social has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the DPF Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, Data Privacy Framework Services, operated by BBB National Programs. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit
https://bbbprograms.org/programs/all-programs/dpf-consumers/ProcessForConsumers
for more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided free of charge to you.
If your complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms. See
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/G-Arbitration-Procedures-dpf?tabset-35584=2
. Sprout Social commits to cooperate with EEA, UK and Swiss data protection authorities and comply with advice given by such authorities with respect to human resources data transferred from the European Union in the context of any employment relationship with an EEA, UK or Swiss individual.
19. Privacy Complaints in Brazil
In circumstances in which Brazil law is controlling, we commit to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your information. We have further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints to an independent dispute resolution mechanism.
20. Children
This Service is intended for a general audience and is not directed at children under thirteen (13) years of age.
Consistent with the federal Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), we do not knowingly request personal information from anyone under the age of 13 without requiring parental consent. Any person who provides their personal information to us through our Site or Service represents that they are at least 13 years of age. If you are a parent or guardian and you believe we have collected information from your child in a manner not permitted by law, contact us at
privacy@sproutsocial.com
. We will remove the data to the extent required by applicable laws.
We do not knowingly “sell” or “share,” as those terms are defined under the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended, the personal information of minors under 16 years old who are California residents.
If you are a California resident under 18 years old and registered to use the Service, you can ask us to remove any content or information you have posted on the Service. To make a request, email us at the email address set out in the “
How to Contact Us
” section with “California Under 18 Content Removal Request” in the subject line, and tell us what you want removed. We will make reasonable good faith efforts to remove the post from prospective public view, although we cannot ensure the complete or comprehensive removal of the content and may retain the content as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
21. Your Nevada Privacy Rights
Nevada law (SB 220), permits customers in Nevada to opt-out of the sale of certain kinds of personal information. A sale under Nevada law is the transfer of this personal information to third parties for monetary consideration. Sprout Social does not sell your personal information to third parties as defined in Nevada law. If you are a Nevada resident and wish to obtain information about our compliance with Nevada law, please contact us as at
privacy@sproutsocial.com
.
22. Updates to this Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time in response to changing legal, technical or business developments. When we update our Privacy Policy, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. We will obtain your consent to any material Privacy Policy changes if and where this is required by applicable data protection laws.
You can see when this Privacy Policy was last updated by checking the “last updated” date displayed at the top of this Privacy Policy.
23. How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, please contact us at
privacy@sproutsocial.com
.
If you have a disability and would like to access this Privacy Policy in an alternative format, please contact us at
privacy@sproutsocial.com
.
If you have a privacy concern or complaint, please contact our Data Protection Officer at
DPO@sproutsocial.com
. When you contact us, please indicate in which country and/or state you reside.
24. Additional Disclosures for California, Colorado, and Virginia Residents
Unless otherwise required by applicable law, the following terms shall have the following meaning:
“
Targeted advertising
” or “
Cross-context behavioral advertising
” means displaying advertisements to a consumer where the advertisement is selected based on personal data obtained from that consumer’s activities over time and across nonaffiliated websites or online applications to predict such consumer’s preferences or interests.
“
Sale
” means renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a consumer’s personal information by the business to a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration.
“
Profiling
” means any form of automated processing of personal information to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person and in particular to analyze or predict aspects concerning that natural person’s performance at work, economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behavior, location, or movements.
US data protection laws grant California, Colorado, and Virginia residents the following data rights:
Notice of Collection.
In the 12 months prior to the last update of this Privacy Policy, we have collected the following categories of personal information:
Identifiers
, including name, email address, phone number account name, IP address, and an ID or number assigned to your account.
Customer records
, billing and shipping address, and credit or debit card information.
Commercial information
, including purchases and engagement with the Service.
Internet activity
, including your interactions with our Service.
Audio or visual data
, including pictures or videos you post on our Service.
Employment and education data
, including information you provide when you apply for a job with us.
Inferences
, including information about your interests, preferences and favorites.
For more information on information we collect, including the sources we receive information from, review the
Information Collected
and
Information Collected Automatically
sections. We collect and use these categories of personal information for the business purposes described in the
Use of Information
section, including to provide and manage our Service.
Sprout Social does not generally sell information as the term “sell” is traditionally understood. However, to the extent “sale” or “sharing” under the CCPA is interpreted to include advertising technology activities such as those disclosed in the
Cookies, similar tracking technology, and analytics
section as a “sale” or “sharing,” we will comply with applicable law as to such activity.
Sprout Social discloses the following categories of personal information for commercial purposes: identifiers, demographic information, commercial information, internet activity, geolocation data and inferences. We may disclose each of the foregoing categories of personal information for the business and commercial purposes described in this Privacy Policy to the extent permitted by applicable law to the categories of third parties as described in this Privacy Policy, which may include our service providers and suppliers; our business and marketing partners, including advertising networks, data analytics providers, data brokers, and social networks; and other parties in connection with business transfers and for legal, safety, fraud prevention, and enforcement reasons. We use and partner with different types of entities to assist with our daily operations and manage our Service.
We may share your personal information with government entities when required to do so by law. Please review the
To Whom We Share Your Information
section for more detail about the parties we have shared information with.
We retain the personal information we collect for as long as it is necessary to complete the commercial purposes for which it was collected. Once the information is no longer necessary, we will delete it or de-identify/anonymize this data so that it no longer identifies a particular individual.
Right to Know and Delete.
Consumers who are California, Colorado, or Virginia residents have the right to request that we delete the personal information we have collected about them (subject to certain exemptions) and the right to know certain information about our data practices in the preceding 12 months. Specifically, you have the right to request the following from us:
The categories of personal information we have collected about you;
The categories of sources from which the personal information was collected;
The categories of personal information about you we disclosed for a business purpose or sold;
The categories of third parties to whom the personal information was disclosed for a business purpose or sold;
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling the personal information; and
The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
To exercise any of these rights, please email us at
privacy@sproutsocial.com
, submit a request through our online form available on our Help Center if you are a customer or user, or call our toll free number at (866) 878-3231. In the request, please specify which right you are seeking to exercise and the scope of the request. We will confirm receipt of your request within 10 days. We may require additional information from you to help us verify your identity and process your request. The verification steps may vary depending on the sensitivity of the personal information and whether you have an account with us. If we are unable to verify your identity, we may deny your requests to know or delete.
We may deny certain requests, or fulfill a request only in part, based on our legal rights and obligations. For example, we may retain personal information as permitted by law, such as for tax or other record keeping purposes, to maintain an active account, and to process transactions and facilitate your requests. Except as otherwise provided by applicable law, for purposes of these requests under this Section, personal information does not include information we have collected as a service provider to our customers.
If personal information about you has been processed by us as a service provider on behalf of a customer and you wish to exercise any rights you have with such personal information, please inquire with our customer directly. If you wish to make your request directly to us, please provide the name of our customer on whose behalf we processed your personal information. We will refer your request to that customer.
Right to Correct.
Subject to certain exceptions, you have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information that we have collected about you. Once we receive your request and confirm your identity, we will review your request, taking into account the nature of the personal information and the purposes of the processing of the personal information to see if we can correct the data. We may also request additional information showing that the information you want to correct is inaccurate.
Right to Opt-Out.
You have the right to opt-out of processing of your Personal Information for the purpose of (i) targeted advertising, (ii) “sale” or “sharing” of Personal Information, or (iii) profiling to provide you with tailored content, including suggested advertising. You may submit a request to opt-out by clicking
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
. You may also submit a request to opt-out by calling our toll-free number at (866) 878-3231 or by emailing us at
privacy@sproutsocial.com
.
Authorized Agent.
You can designate an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf. However, we will require written proof of the agent’s permission to do so and verify your identity directly.
Right to Non-Discrimination.
You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of any of your rights.
25. California Shine the Light.
Pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, residents of California can obtain certain information about the types of personal information that companies with whom they have an established business relationship have shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year. In particular, the law provides that companies must inform consumers about the categories of personal information that have been shared with third parties, the names and addresses of those third parties, and examples of the types of services or products marketed by those third parties. To request a copy of the information disclosure provided by Sprout Social pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, please contact us via email at
privacy@sproutsocial.com
.
26. Virginia and Colorado Residents
If you make a request to exercise any of the above data access rights and we are unable to comply with your request, you may request to appeal our decision. To appeal any data privacy request decision, please contact us by emailing privacy@sproutsocial.com with the subject line “Data Access Request Appeal.” If after you complete the appeal process with us, you are still not satisfied with our response, you may contact your Attorney General to file a complaint. Below are the contact information for the appropriate entity where you can inquire about filing an appeal:
Virginia residents:
Office of the Attorney General
202 North 9th Street
Richmond, Virginia 23219
Phone: (804) 786-2071
https://www.oag.state.va.us/
Colorado residents:
Office of the Attorney General
Colorado Department of Law
Ralph L. Carr Judicial Building
1300 Broadway, 10th Floor
Denver, CO 80203
(720) 508-6000
https://coag.gov/
Sub-policy 15
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/page/us/privacy-policy/en:
U.S.
Privacy Policy
Last updated: Aug 19, 2024
This Privacy Policy applies to TikTok services (the “Platform”), which include TikTok apps, websites, software and related services accessed via any platform or device that link to this Privacy Policy. The Platform is provided and controlled by TikTok Inc. (“TikTok”, “we” or “us”). We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, share, and otherwise process the personal information of users and other individuals age 13 and over in connection with our Platform. For information about how we collect, use, share, and otherwise process the personal information of users under age 13 (“Children”), please refer to our
Children’s Privacy Policy
. For information about how we collect, use, share, and otherwise process consumer health data as defined under Washington’s My Health My Data Act and other similar state laws, please refer to the
Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy
.
Capitalized terms that are not defined in this Privacy Policy have the meaning given to them in the
Terms of Service
.
What Information We Collect
We may collect information from and about you, including information that you provide, information from other sources, and automatically collected information.
Information You Provide
When you create an account, upload content, contact us directly, or otherwise use the Platform, you may provide some or all of the following information:
Account and profile information, such as name, age, username, password, language, email, phone number, social media account information, and profile image.
User-generated content, including comments, photographs, livestreams, audio recordings, videos, text, hashtags, and virtual item videos that you choose to create with or upload to the Platform (“User Content”) and the associated metadata, such as when, where, and by whom the content was created. Even if you are not a user, information about you may appear in User Content created or published by users on the Platform. When you create User Content, we may upload or import it to the Platform before you save or post the User Content (also known as pre-uploading), for example, in order to recommend audio options, generate captions, and provide other personalized recommendations. If you apply an effect to your User Content, we may collect a version of your User Content that does not include the effect.
Messages, which include information you provide when you compose, send, or receive messages through the Platform’s messaging functionalities. They include messages you send through our chat functionality when communicating with sellers who sell goods to you, and your use of virtual assistants when purchasing items through the Platform. That information includes the content of the message and information about the message, such as when it was sent, received, or read, and message participants. Please be aware that messages you choose to send to other users of the Platform will be accessible by those users and that we are not responsible for the manner in which those users use or share the messages.
Information, including text, images, and videos, found in your device’s clipboard, with your permission. For example, if you choose to initiate information sharing with a third-party platform, or choose to paste content from the clipboard onto the Platform, we access this information stored in your clipboard in order to fulfill your request.
Purchase information, including payment card numbers or other third-party payment information (such as PayPal) where required for the purpose of payment, and billing and shipping address. We also collect information that is required for extended warranty purposes and your transaction and purchase history on or through the Platform.
Your phone and social network contacts, with your permission. If you choose to find other users through your phone contacts, we will access and collect information such as names, phone numbers, and email addresses, and match that information against existing users of the Platform. If you choose to find other users through your social network contacts, we will collect your public profile information as well as names and profiles of your social network contacts.
Your choices and communication preferences.
Information to verify an account such as proof of identity or age.
Information in correspondence you send to us, including when you contact us for support.
Information you share through surveys or your participation in challenges, research, promotions, marketing campaigns, events, or contests such as your gender, age, likeness, and preferences.
Information From Other Sources
We may receive the information described in this Privacy Policy from other sources, such as:
If you choose to sign-up or log-in to the Platform using a third-party service such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, or Google, or link your TikTok account to a third-party service, we may collect information from the service–for example, your public profile information (such as nickname), email, and contact list.
Advertisers, measurement and other partners share information with us about you and the actions you have taken outside of the Platform, such as your activities on other websites and apps or in stores, including the products or services you purchased, online or in person. These partners also share information with us, such as mobile identifiers for advertising, hashed email addresses and phone numbers, and cookie identifiers, which we use to help match you and your actions outside of the Platform with your TikTok account. Some of our advertisers and other partners enable us to collect similar information directly from their websites or apps by integrating our
TikTok Advertiser Tools
(such as TikTok Pixel).
We may obtain information about you from certain affiliated entities within our corporate group, including about your activities on their platform.
We may receive information about you from others, including where you are included or mentioned in User Content, direct messages, in a complaint, appeal, request or feedback submitted to us, or if your contact information is provided to us.
We may also collect or receive information about you from organizations, businesses, people, and others, including, for example, publicly available sources, government authorities, professional organizations, and charity groups.
Automatically Collected Information
We automatically collect certain information from you when you use the Platform, including internet or other network activity information such as your IP address, geolocation-related data, unique device identifiers, browsing and search history (including content you have viewed in the Platform), and
Cookies
.
Usage Information.
We collect information regarding your use of the Platform and any other User Content that you generate through or upload to our Platform.
Device Information.
We collect certain information about the device you use to access the Platform, such as your IP address, user agent, mobile carrier, time zone settings, identifiers for advertising purposes, model of your device, the device system, network type, device IDs, your screen resolution and operating system, app and file names and types, keystroke patterns or rhythms, battery state, audio settings and connected audio devices. We automatically assign you a device ID and user ID. Where you log-in from multiple devices, we will be able to use information such as your device ID and user ID to identify your activity across devices. We may also associate you with information collected from devices other than those you use to log-in to the Platform.
Location Data.
We collect information about your approximate location, including location information based on your SIM card and/or IP address. In addition, we collect location information (such as tourist attractions, shops, or other points of interest) if you choose to add the location information to your User Content. Current versions of the app do not collect precise or approximate GPS information from U.S. users. If you are still using an older version that allowed for collection of precise or approximate GPS information (last release in August 2020) and you granted us permission to do so, we may collect such information.
Image and Audio Information.
We may collect information about the videos, images and audio that are a part of your User Content, such as identifying the objects and scenery that appear, the existence and location within an image of face and body features and attributes, the nature of the audio, and the text of the words spoken in your User Content. We may collect this information to enable special video effects, for content moderation, for demographic classification, for content and ad recommendations, and for other non-personally-identifying operations. We may collect biometric identifiers and biometric information as defined under U.S. laws, such as faceprints and voiceprints, from your User Content. Where required by law, we will seek any required permissions from you prior to any such collection. Click
here
to learn more.
Metadata.
When you upload or create User Content, you automatically upload certain metadata that is connected to the User Content. Metadata describes other data and provides information about your User Content that will not always be evident to the viewer. For example, in connection with your User Content the metadata can describe how, when, where, and by whom the piece of User Content was created, collected, or modified and how that content is formatted. It also includes information, such as your account name, that enables other users to trace back the User Content to your user account. Additionally, metadata includes data that you choose to provide with your User Content, e.g., any hashtags used to mark keywords to the video and captions.
Cookies.
We and our service providers and business partners use cookies and other similar technologies (e.g., web beacons, flash cookies, etc.) (“Cookies”) to automatically collect information, measure and analyze how you use the Platform, including which pages you view most often and how you interact with content, enhance your experience using the Platform, improve the Platform, provide you with advertising, and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and other content. We and our partners also use Cookies to promote the Platform on other platforms and websites. Cookies enable the Platform to provide certain features and functionality. Web beacons are very small images or small pieces of data embedded in images, also known as “pixel tags” or “clear GIFs,” that can recognize Cookies, the time and date a page is viewed, a description of the page where the pixel tag is placed, and similar information from your computer or device. To learn how to disable certain Cookies, see the “
Your Choices
” section below.
We may link your contact or account information with your activity on and off our Platform across all your devices, using your email or other log-in or device information. We may use this information to display advertisements on our Platform tailored to your interests, preferences, and characteristics.
We are not responsible for the privacy practices of our service providers and business partners, and the information practices of these service providers and business partners are not covered by this Privacy Policy.
We may aggregate or de-identify the information described above. Aggregated or de-identified data is not subject to this Privacy Policy.
How We Use Your Information
As explained below, we use your information to improve, support and administer the Platform, to allow you to use its functionalities, and to fulfill and enforce our Terms of Service. We may also use your information to, among other things, show you suggestions, promote the Platform, and customize your ad experience.
We generally use the
Information We Collect
:
To fulfill requests for products, services, Platform functionality, support and information for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical, and survey purposes and to solicit your feedback.
To customize the content you see when you use the Platform. For example, we may provide you with services based on the country settings you have chosen or show you content that is similar to content that you have liked or interacted with.
To send promotional materials from us or on behalf of our affiliates and trusted third parties.
To improve and develop our Platform and conduct product development.
To measure and understand the effectiveness of the advertisements we serve to you and others and to deliver advertising, including targeted advertising, to you on the Platform.
To make suggestions and provide a customized ad experience.
To support the social functions of the Platform, including to permit you and others to connect with each other (for example, through our Find Friends function), to suggest accounts to you and others, and for you and others to share, download, and otherwise interact with User Content posted through the Platform.
To use User Content as part of our advertising and marketing campaigns to promote the Platform.
To understand how you use the Platform, including across your devices.
To infer additional information about you, such as your age, gender, and interests.
To help us detect abuse, fraud, and illegal activity on the Platform.
To promote the safety and security of the Platform, including by scanning, analyzing, and reviewing User Content, messages and associated metadata for violations of our Terms of Service, Community Guidelines, or other conditions and policies.
To verify your identity in order to use certain features, such as livestream or verified accounts, or when you apply for a Business Account, to ensure that you are old enough to use the Platform (as required by law), or in other instances where verification may be required.
To communicate with you, including to notify you about changes in our services.
To announce you as a winner of our contests or promotions if permitted by the promotion rule, and to send you any applicable prizes.
To enforce our Terms of Service, Community Guidelines, and other conditions and policies.
Consistent with your permissions, to provide you with location-based services, such as advertising and other personalized content.
To train and improve our technology, such as our machine learning models and algorithms.
To combine all the
Information We Collect
or receive about you for any of the foregoing purposes.
To facilitate sales, promotion, and purchases of goods and services and to provide user support.
For any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent.
Profiling:
We do not engage in profiling which results in legal or similarly significant effects, as defined under applicable law.
How We Share Your Information
We are committed to maintaining your trust, and while TikTok does not sell your personal information or share your personal information with third parties for purposes of cross-context behavioral advertising where restricted by applicable law, we want you to understand when and with whom we may share the
Information We Collect
for business purposes.
Service Providers and Business Partners
We share the categories of personal information listed above with service providers and business partners to help us perform business operations and for business purposes, including research, payment processing and transaction fulfillment, database maintenance, administering contests and special offers, technology services, deliveries, sending communications, advertising and marketing services, analytics, measurement, data storage and hosting, disaster recovery, search engine optimization, and data processing. These service providers and business partners may include:
Payment processors and transaction fulfillment providers, who may receive the
Information You Provide
,
Information From Other Sources
, and
Automatically Collected Information
but who do not receive your message data, including, in particular, the following third-party payment providers/processors: PayPal (
https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
) and Stripe (
https://stripe.com/en-ie/privacy
).
Customer and technical support providers, who may receive the
Information You Provide
,
Information From Other Sources
, and
Automatically Collected Information
.
Researchers who may receive the
Information You Provide
,
Information From Other Sources
, and
Automatically Collected Information
but would not receive your payment information or message data.
Advertising, marketing, and analytics vendors, who may receive the
Information You Provide
,
Information From Other Sources
, and
Automatically Collected Information
but would not receive your payment information or message data.
Within Our Corporate Group
As a global company, the Platform is supported by certain entities within our corporate group, which are given limited remote access to
Information We Collect
as necessary to enable them to provide certain important functions. To learn more about how we share information with certain corporate group entities, see
here
.
In Connection with a Sale, Merger, or Other Business Transfer
We may share all of the
Information We Collect
in connection with a substantial corporate transaction, such as the sale of a website, a merger, consolidation, asset sales, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.
For Legal Reasons
We may disclose any of the
Information We Collect
to respond to subpoenas, court orders, legal process, law enforcement requests, legal claims, or government inquiries, and to protect and defend the rights, interests, safety, and security of the Platform, our affiliates, users, or the public. We may also share any of the
Information We Collect
to enforce any terms applicable to the Platform, to exercise or defend any legal claims, and comply with any applicable law.
With Your Consent
We may share your information for other purposes pursuant to your consent or at your direction.
We partner with third-party services (such as Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, and Google) to offer you a seamless sign-up, log-in, and content-sharing experience. We may share information about you with these third-party services if you choose to use these features. For example, the services may receive information about your activity on the Platform and may notify your connections on the third-party services about your use of the Platform, in accordance with their privacy policies. If you choose to allow a third-party service to access your account, we will share certain information about you with the third party. Depending on the permissions you grant, the third party may be able to obtain your account information and other information you choose to provide.
If you choose to engage in public activities on the Platform, you should be aware that any information you share may be read, collected, or used by other users. You should use caution in disclosing personal information while using the Platform. We are not responsible for the information you choose to submit.
When you make a purchase from a third party on the Platform, including from a seller selling products through our shopping features, we share the information related to the transaction with that third party and their service providers and transaction fulfillment providers. By making the purchase, you are directing us to share your information in this way. These entities may use the information shared in accordance with their privacy policies.
Your Rights
You may submit a request to know, access, correct or delete the information we have collected from or about you at
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy
. You may appeal any decision we have made about your request by following the instructions in the communication you receive from us notifying you of our decision. You may also exercise your rights to know, access, correct, delete, or appealby sending your request to the physical address provided in the “
Contact Us
” section below. You can also update your account information directly through your in-app settings, as well as request a copy of your TikTok data or request to deactivate by following the instructions
here
or delete your account by following the instructions
here
.
You may be entitled, in accordance with applicable law, to submit a request through an authorized agent. To designate an authorized agent to exercise choices on your behalf, please provide evidence that you have given such agent power of attorney or that the agent otherwise has valid written authority to submit requests to exercise rights on your behalf. We will respond to your request consistent with applicable law and subject to proper verification. We will verify your request by asking you to send it from the email address associated with your account or to provide information necessary to verify your account.
More information about requests that we received can be found
here
.
While some of the information that we collect, use, and disclose may constitute sensitive personal information under applicable state privacy laws, such as information from users under the relevant age threshold, information you disclose in survey responses or in your User Content about your racial or ethnic origin, national origin, religious beliefs, mental or physical health diagnosis, sexual life or sexual orientation, status as transgender or nonbinary, citizenship or immigration status, or financial information, we only process such information in order to provide the Platform and within other exemptions under applicable law. For example, we may process your financial information in order to provide you the goods or services you request from us or your driver’s license number in order to verify your identity.
Your Choices
You may be able to control some of the
Information We Collect
through your device browser settings to refuse or disable
Cookies
. Because each browser is different, please consult the instructions provided by your browser. Please note that you may need to take additional steps to refuse or disable certain types of Cookies. In addition, your choice to disable Cookies is specific to the particular browser or device that you are using when you disable Cookies, so you may need to separately disable Cookies for each type of browser or device. If you choose to refuse, disable, or delete Cookies, some of the functionality of the Platform may no longer be available to you. Without this information, we are not able to provide you with all of the requested services.
You can navigate to "Ads" in your in-app settings to opt-out of targeted advertising based on personal information about your activity on nonaffiliated apps and websites.
You may be able to manage third-party advertising preferences for some of the third parties we work with to serve advertising across the Internet by using the choices available at
https://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
and
https://www.aboutads.info/choices
.
Your device may have controls that determine what
Information We Collect
. For example, you can control whether we can collect your mobile advertising identifier for advertising through settings on your Apple and Android devices.
You can opt out of marketing or advertising emails by using the “unsubscribe” link or mechanism noted in marketing or advertising emails.
Current versions of the app do not collect precise or approximate GPS information from U.S. users. If you are still using an older version that allowed for collection of precise or approximate GPS information (last release in August 2020) and you granted us permission to do so, you can prevent your device from sharing such information with the Platform at any time through your device’s operating system settings.
If you have registered for an account, you may access, review, and update certain personal information that you have provided to us by logging into your account and using available features and functionalities.
Some browsers transmit “do-not-track” signals to websites. Because of differences in how browsers incorporate and activate this feature, we currently do not take action in response to these signals.
Data Security and Retention
We use reasonable measures to help protect information from loss, theft, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. You should understand that no data storage system or transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100 percent secure. Please note that information collected by third parties may not have the same security protections as information you submit to us, and we are not responsible for protecting the security of such information.
We retain information for as long as necessary to provide the Platform and for the other purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We also retain information when necessary to comply with contractual and legal obligations, when we have a legitimate business interest to do so (such as improving and developing the Platform, and enhancing its safety, security and stability), and for the exercise or defense of legal claims.
The retention periods are different depending on different criteria, such as the type of information and the purposes for which we use the information. For example, when we process your information such as your profile information to provide you with the Platform, we keep this information for as long as you have an account. If you violate our Terms of Service, Community Guidelines, or other conditions or policies, we may remove your profile immediately, but may keep other information about you to process the violation.
TikTok may transmit your data to its servers or data centers outside of the United States for storage and/or processing. Other entities with whom TikTok may share your data as described herein may be located outside of the United States.
Children and Teens
The privacy of Children is important to us. We provide a separate experience for Children in the United States, in which we collect and process only limited information. For information about how we collect, use, share, and otherwise process the personal information of Children, please refer to our
Children’s Privacy Policy
.
The Platform otherwise is not directed at Children. If we become aware that personal information has been collected on the Platform from a Child, we will delete this information and terminate the Child’s account. If you believe there is a user who is below the age of 13, please contact us at:
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/feedback
.
If you are a parent or guardian, our
Guardian's Guide
contains information and resources to help you understand the Platform and the tools and controls you can use. As a parent or guardian, you can also request the deletion of the account of your underage child or download the account data of your underage child by contacting us at
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy
.
If you are a parent or guardian, depending on your state of residence, you may have the ability to exercise certain rights over your child's or teen's account. For example, you may request the deletion of their accounts, download account data, or exercise other rights in connection with your child or teen by contacting us at
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy
. We will address these requests in accordance with applicable law.
Other Rights
Sharing for Direct Marketing Purposes (Shine the Light)
If you are a California resident, once a calendar year, you may be entitled to obtain information about personal information that we shared, if any, with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses. To submit a request, contact us at:
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy
.
Content Removal for Users Under 18
Users of the Platform who are California residents and are under 18 years of age may request and obtain removal of User Content they posted by contacting us at:
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy
. All requests must provide a description of the User Content you want removed and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate that User Content. We do not accept California Removal Requests via postal mail, telephone, or facsimile. We may not be able to respond if you do not provide adequate information. Please note that your request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the material. For example, User Content that you have posted may be republished or reposted by another user.
Users of the Platform who are Connecticut residents and are under 18 years of age, and parents and guardians of users of the Platform who are Connecticut residents under 16 years of age, may request that we unpublish or delete their own account (for users aged 13 through 17) or their child’s account (for parents and guardians with teen users under 16) by following the instructions
here
.
Privacy Policy Updates
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we update the Privacy Policy, we will notify you by updating the “Last Updated” date at the top of the new Privacy Policy, posting the new Privacy Policy, or providing any other notice required by applicable law. We recommend that you review the Privacy Policy each time you visit the Platform to stay informed of our privacy practices.
Contact Us
Questions, comments and requests regarding this Privacy Policy should be addressed to:
Contact us:
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy
Mailing Address: TikTok Inc., Attn: Privacy Policy Inquiry, 5800 Bristol Parkway, Suite 100, Culver City, CA 90230
Sub-policy 16
https://twitter.com/en/privacy/:
Forbidden
You don't have permission to access this resource.
Sub-policy 17
https://www.zendesk.com/company/privacy/:
Skip to main content
Agreements and Terms
Policies and Guidelines
Trademarks and Intellectual Property
Procurement and Suppliers
Data Protection and Privacy
Customer Agreements and User Terms for Products and Services
Main Services Agreement
Region-Specific Terms
Professional Services Terms
How We Protect Your Service Data (Enterprise Services)
How We Protect Your Service Data (Innovation Services)
Innovation Services List
Application Developer and API License Agreement
Marketplace Terms of Use
Assignments and Transfers
Reseller Subscription Services Agreement
Data Protection and Privacy
Zendesk Trust Center
Privacy Notice
Cookie Notice
Data Processing Agreement
CCPA Addendum PowerForm
LGPD Addendum Powerform
BAA Powerform
Government Data Request Policy
Policies
Data Deletion Policy
Promotional Credits Policy
Regional Data Hosting Policy
Sub-processor Policy
Zendesk User Content and Conduct Policy
Product Terms
Accessibility Policy
In-Product Cookies Policy
Service-Specific Terms
Free Trial and Beta Services Terms
Free Trials
Beta Services
Privacy Notice
Effective Date:
March 10, 2025
For the prior version of our Privacy Notice, click
here
.
For the prior version of our Zendesk Events Policy, click
here
.
Hello! Zendesk is a service-first CRM company that builds software designed to improve customer relationships. We’ve developed this Privacy Notice (“
Notice
”) to explain to you how we collect, use, disclose, and store personal data.
This Notice
only
applies when Zendesk is the Controller of personal data (example: Zendesk website visitors’ personal data and business-to-business contact data).
Zendesk is a
Processor
, not a Controller, of personal data that we process on behalf of our Subscribers when they use Zendesk products and Services. For clarity, this means that this Notice does
not
apply to where Zendesk processes personal data as a processor in its products and Services. If you have questions related to how a Zendesk Subscriber utilizes your personal data, please contact them directly. We are not responsible for the privacy or data security practices of our Subscribers. This Notice also does not apply to personal data about current and former Zendesk employees, job candidates, or contractors and agents acting in similar roles.
Table of Contents:
Introduction
Personal Data We Collect and Disclose
How We Process Personal Data
Sources of Personal Data
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
Security and Retention
Children’s Privacy
External Links
Contact Information
Supplemental Terms for California Residents
Supplemental Information for the EEA, Switzerland, and the U.K.
Supplemental Information for Other Regions
English Version Controls
Zendesk, Inc. Affiliates
1. Introduction
This Notice applies to Zendesk, Inc. and its relevant Affiliates listed in
Section 14
(“
Zendesk
,” “
us
,” “
we
,” or “
our”
). Capitalized terms that we use but are not defined in the Notice (such as Site, Services, Subscriber, Agent, Agent Contact Information, etc.) have the meaning provided in our
Main Services Agreement
. If you are located in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”), Switzerland, or the United Kingdom (“
U.K.
”), please refer to
Section 11
of this Notice for more information about which specific entity or entities act as a controller of your personal data.
When Does This Notice Apply?
This Notice only applies to personal data that Zendesk handles as a Controller (meaning where Zendesk controls how and why your personal data is processed). This includes when you:
Visit or interact with the Zendesk.com Site, the Zendesk mobile applications, the Zendesk Marketplace, the Zendesk Developer Portal, our branded social media pages, and other Sites which we operate (collectively, our “
Digital Properties
”);
Register for or participate in our webinars, events, programs, marketing, and promotional activities;
Interact with us in person, such as when you visit our offices; and
Inquire about or engage in commercial transactions with us.
Changes
: We may update this Notice from time to time. Please check back periodically for updates. If you do not agree with any changes we make, you should stop interacting with us. When required under applicable law, we will notify you of any changes to this Notice by posting an update on our Site or in another appropriate manner.
2. Personal Data We Collect and Disclose
The below table describes what personal data we collect about you and to whom we disclose personal data. California individuals: This table includes the parties we disclose personal data to for a business or commercial purpose, as defined by California law.
Categories of Personal Data Collected
Disclosures of Personal Data
Identifiers
, such as your name, email address, postal address, phone number, and device identifiers (e.g., advertising identifiers and IP address).
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors
With third parties that are necessary to complete a transaction, such as credit card processors
Business partners who we partner with to jointly market or sell our products and Services, such as channel partners
With third parties at your direction, such as event sponsors
Professional advisors, such as lawyers, accountants, and auditors
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners
To which you have consented to the disclosure
Commercial information
, including preferences, such as purchasing history or tendencies and transactional information, such as banking information.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors
With third parties that are necessary to complete a transaction, such as credit card processors
Professional advisors, such as lawyers, accountants, and auditors
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
To which you have consented to the disclosure
Internet or other electronic network activity information and device information
, such as your browsing history, search history, device information, and other information (whether passive browsing or active engagement) regarding your interactions with us and use of our products, Services, emails, and other Digital Properties.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
Geolocation information
, such as approximate location based on your IP address, mobile device location, or information you provide to us (such as city and state you provide through a webform). You may be able to control collection of this data through the settings of your device.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors.
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets.
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners
Audio, electronic, visual, and other sensory information
, such as CCTV recordings of our premises (e.g., if you visit our offices); recordings of your interactions with our sales or advocacy teams (e.g., for quality assurance or training purposes, in accordance with applicable laws); or customer support chat or messaging logs.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors.
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
Inferences as defined by California law
, such as marketing you are likely to react positively to.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as platform vendors
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
Sensitive Personal Data
, such as proof of vaccination or race and ethnicity (optional) (where permissible under applicable law).
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as platform vendors
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
To which you have consented to the disclosure
In addition to the above disclosures, we may share your personal data to respond to lawful requests by law enforcement or other government authorities, including to meet national security requirements, in accordance with our
Government Data Request Policy
. We may also de-identify, anonymize, or aggregate personal data to use or share with third parties for any purpose, where legally permitted.
3. How We Process Personal Data
We may process your personal data for the below purposes:
Purpose of Processing
Lawful Basis
To provide our products, Services, and Digital Properties to you
, including  processing and fulfilling transactions; enabling you to access the Digital Properties and our Services; operating, maintaining, and improving our Digital Properties and Services; communicating with you, such as by completing your support requests or providing security updates; and diagnosing, repairing, and tracking service and quality issues.
Legitimate interests; Contract; Legal obligations
For our own business purposes
, including maintaining internal business records and conducting internal reporting; collecting payments and performing accounting and similar business functions; auditing and managing projects related to our Services; performing IT security management and IT-related tasks, such as administration of our technologies and network; evaluating and improving our business, Services, and Digital Properties; and performing research and development of new products and services; and processing your survey and questionnaire responses.
Legitimate interests; Legal obligations
For legal, safety, or security reasons
, including to comply with legal requirements; establish, exercise, or defend against legal claims; protect the safety, security, and integrity of our property and the rights of those who interact with us or others; investigate any content or conduct policy violations; and detect, prevent, and respond to security incidents or other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity.
These safety purposes may also involve collecting and processing special categories of personal data (i.e., health data), for office visits and events where necessary for public health or as required by applicable law.
Legitimate interests; Legal obligations; Public interest
For marketing our products and Services or those of third parties, such as our business partners
, including to solicit or publish testimonials or feedback about our products and Services; send you marketing and promotional communications or product recommendations (via email, phone, or other online and offline channels) about our Services or those of third parties; facilitate your participation in a contest or event; assess ad impressions or engage in contextual ad customization.
You may opt out of marketing communications
here
or by clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of our marketing communications. You may also manage your email preferences
here
. Note that some of our marketing materials and information may use tracking technologies and analytics tools to help us understand your preferences. For further information, please see
Section 5
below and our
Cookie Notice
.
Consent (where required by law); Legitimate interests
To fulfill a referral request when you use our referral service to tell a friend about our Services
, including by using the name, email address, title, and company name that you provide us to contact the person you are referring.
You must only provide others’ personal data if you have their consent to do so.
Consent (where required by law); Legitimate interests
Diversity, equity, and inclusion
, such as promoting diversity, equity, and inclusion initiatives and representation within our business (where authorized by applicable law).
Consent (where required by law); Legitimate interests
Corporate transactions
, such as sales, mergers, acquisitions, reorganizations, bankruptcy, and other corporate events.
Legitimate interests; Legal obligations
When you have voluntarily agreed
to have your personal data processed.
Consent
Zendesk will honor data subject rights to the extent required by law. You may have the right to access, correct, update, and, in some cases, request deletion of your personal data (subject to exceptions). You may submit a request
here
.
Zendesk uses a limited number of third-party service providers to assist us in processing data for certain purposes. These third-party providers help support certain site features, perform database monitoring and other technical operations, assist with the transmission of data, and provide data storage services. These third parties may process or store personal data while providing their services. Zendesk maintains contracts with these third parties restricting their access, use and disclosure of personal data in compliance with our obligations under applicable laws and privacy certifications described more fully below.
4. Sources of Personal Data
Information you provide to us directly
, including when you register and communicate with us directly through our Digital Properties, visit our offices, or participate in our events, marketing, and outreach activities.
Information collected from your employer
, coworkers, or friends, including information about representatives or other employees of our current, past, and prospective customers, suppliers, investors, and business partners. We may also receive your information from a friend as part of a referral for our Services.
Information automatically collected
, including technical information about your interactions with our Digital Properties (such as IP address, browsing preferences, and purchase history). More information is available in
Section 5
below and in our
Cookie Notice
.
Information from public sources
, including information from public records and information you share in public forums, such as social media.
Information from other third parties
, including information from third-party service and content providers, entities with whom we partner to sell or promote products and services, and social media networks (including widgets related to such networks, such as the “Facebook Like” button).
We may combine information that we receive from the various sources described in this Notice, including third-party sources and public sources, and use or disclose it for the purposes identified above.
5. Cookies and Tracking Technologies
We use cookies and other tracking technologies and offer you the option to manage these settings as described in our
Cookie Notice
. Some tracking technologies enable us to track your device activity over time and across devices and websites. While some browsers have incorporated Do Not Track or DNT preferences, we do not honor such signals from web browsers at this time.
6. Security and Retention
We maintain appropriate security procedures and technical and organizational measures to protect your personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, disclosure, alteration, or use.
Your personal data will be generally retained as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we collected the personal data. Once you and/or your company have terminated the contractual relationship with us or otherwise ended your relationship with us, we may retain your personal data in our systems and records to ensure adequate fulfillment of surviving provisions in terminated contracts or for other legitimate business purposes, such as to evidence our business practices and contractual obligations, to provide you with information about our products and services, or to comply with applicable legal, tax, or accounting requirements. When we have no ongoing legitimate business need nor lawful legal ground to process your personal data, we will delete, anonymize, or aggregate it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal data has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal data and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible. If you want to know more about retention periods applicable to your particular circumstance, please contact us using the details provided in
Section 9
below.
7. Children’s Privacy
Our Sites and Services are not directed to children under the age of 16, and we do not knowingly collect online personal data directly from children. If you are a parent or guardian of a minor child and believe that the child has disclosed online personal data to us, please contact us using the details provided in
Section 9
below.
8. External Links
When interacting with us, you may encounter links to external sites or other online services, including those embedded in third-party advertisements. We do not control and are not responsible for privacy and data collection policies for such third-party sites and services. You should consult such third parties and their respective privacy notices for more information or if you have any questions about their practices.
9. Contact Information
If you have questions or complaints regarding this Notice or about the Zendesk Group’s privacy practices, please contact us by email at
euprivacy@zendesk.com
or
privacy@zendesk.com
, or at:
Zendesk, Inc.
Attn: Privacy Team
181 Fremont Stree
San Francisco, CA 94105, United States
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF,  we commit to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF,  the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
here
for more information or to file a complaint.  The services of TRUSTe are provided at no cost to you.
10. Supplemental Terms for California Residents
Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”), this Section 10 applies to certain personal data collected about California individuals where Zendesk controls how and why the personal data is processed (which the CCPA calls a “business”) and supplements the rest of our Notice above. This Section 10 does not apply to current or former employees, applicants, contractors, or agents.
a. Additional Data Processing Disclosures:
The below table provides the categories of personal data we have sold, shared, or disclosed to third parties, as defined by the California Privacy Rights Act. For reference, the table in
Section 2
provides the categories of personal data collected and our disclosures of personal data.
Categories of Personal Data We Collect
California Privacy Rights Act Details: Categories of Third Parties to Whom Personal Data is “Sold or Shared”
Identifiers
, such as your name, email address, postal address, phone number, and device identifiers (e.g., advertising identifiers and IP address).
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners.
Business partners who we partner with to jointly market or sell our products and Services, such as channel partners.
Commercial information
, including preferences, such as purchasing history or tendencies and transactional information, such as banking information.
Not applicable
Internet or other electronic network activity information and device information
, such as your browsing history, search history, device information, and other information (whether passive browsing or active engagement) regarding your interactions with us and use of our products, Services, emails, and other Digital Properties.
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners.
Geolocation information
, such as approximate location based on your IP address, mobile device location, or information you provide to us (such as city and state you provide through a webform). You may be able to control collection of this data through the settings of your device.
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners.
Audio, electronic, visual, and other sensory information
, such as CCTV recordings of our premises (e.g., if you visit our offices); recordings of your interactions with our sales or advocacy teams (e.g., for quality assurance or training purposes, in accordance with applicable laws); or customer support chat or messaging logs.
Not applicable
Inferences as defined by California law
, such as marketing you are likely to positively react to.
Not applicable
Sensitive Personal Data
, such as proof of vaccination or race and ethnicity (optional) (where permissible under applicable law).
Not applicable
Although we have not “sold” or “shared” personal data for money in the past 12 months, we engage in routine practices with our Digital Properties involving third parties that could be considered a “sale” or “sharing” as defined under California law. We do not knowingly sell or share any personal data of minors under the age of 16. We do not collect or process “sensitive personal information,” as defined by California law, to infer characteristics about you. Zendesk only uses sensitive personal information consistent with the exceptions to the right to limit sensitive personal information.
Financial Incentives
: We may offer a benefit or offering in exchange for you providing personal data, such as a discount or coupon to individuals who respond to a survey. As part of these surveys we may collect personal data, such as your name, contact information, preferences, experiences, beliefs, opinions, and other responses to the survey questions. Participation in surveys is governed by the applicable terms and conditions for the survey, which will describe any financial incentives associated with that survey and how to participate. The value of your data is the value of the offer presented to you. We have calculated such value by using the expense related to the benefit. You may withdraw from any financial incentive at any time by emailing us at
privacy@zendesk.com
. If we offer another type of financial incentive, we will share with you the material terms of each offer when we ask you to participate.
b. Your Data Protection Rights:
Subject to legal limitations, certain California residents may have the below rights.
Right to Know.
You have the right to request information about the categories of personal data we have collected about you, the categories of sources from which we collected the personal data, the purposes for collecting the personal data, the categories of third parties to whom we have disclosed your personal data, and the purpose for which we disclosed your personal data (“
Categories Report
”). You may also request information about the specific pieces of personal data we have collected about you (“
Specific Pieces Report
”).
Right to Delete.
You have the right to request that we delete personal data that we have collected from you.
Right to Correct.
You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal data that we maintain about you.
Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing.
We do not sell personal data to third parties in exchange for money. However, as we explain in
Section 5
, we share information with advertising partners and allow advertising partners to collect information from our Digital Properties. This exchange may be considered a “sale” or “sharing” under California law, and you have the right to opt out of this “sale” or “sharing” of personal data.
California residents may request to exercise the Right to Know, the Right to Delete, and the Right to Correct by using our
webform
. We will not discriminate against you, in any manner prohibited by applicable law, for exercising these rights.
How to Fully Exercise the Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing:
In order to fully exercise the Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing with respect to any “sale” or “sharing” of information, you must undertake both of the following steps:
Submit a Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing request using our
webform
; and
Disable the use of advertising cookies and other tracking technologies by clicking the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link in our website footer. You must complete this step on each of our Sites from each browser and on each device that you use. These steps are necessary so that we can place a first-party cookie signaling that you have opted out on each browser and each device you use.
If you block cookies, we will be unable to comply with your Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing request for device data that we automatically collect and disclose to third parties online using cookies, pixels, and other tracking technologies. If you clear the cookies in your browser, you will need to follow Step 2 above again. To the extent required by California law, we will honor “Do Not Sell or Share” opt-out preference signals sent in a format commonly-used and recognized by businesses at the browser level, such as an HTTP header field or JavaScript object.
Verification:
To process California data protection requests, we will need to obtain information to locate you in our records or verify your identity, depending on the nature of the request. In most cases, we will request information about you, which may include your name, email address, or other information. If you submit a Right to Know “Specific Pieces Report,” we may also request a signed declaration, under penalty of perjury, that you are who you say you are. We may request alternative information under certain circumstances and/or use third parties to help verify your identity.
Authorized Agents:
Authorized agents may exercise California data protection rights on behalf of California individuals, but we reserve the right to verify the individual’s identity directly as described above. Authorized agents must contact us by submitting a request through our
webform
and indicate that they are submitting the request as an agent. We may require the agent to demonstrate authority to act on your behalf by providing signed permission from you. We may also require you to verify your own identity directly with us or to directly confirm with us that you provided the authorized agent permission to submit the request.
Timing:
We will process Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing requests within fifteen business days from the date we received the request. We will respond to Requests to Delete and Requests to Know within forty-five days unless we need more time, in which case we will notify you, and it may take up to ninety days to respond to your request.
11. Supplemental Information for the EEA, Switzerland, and the U.K.
The following terms supplement the Notice with respect to our processing of EEA (i.e., European Union Member States, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway), Swiss, and U.K. personal data. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between the other parts of the Notice and the terms of this Section 11, Section 11 shall govern and prevail with regard to the processing of EEA, Swiss, and U.K. Personal Data, to the extent applicable.
Data Controller:
The Zendesk entity with which you have a primary relationship (such as the entity that concluded the Services contract with you; the entity that has provided you with marketing materials and promotional communications; or the primary entity in the region where you access our Site) is the controller within the scope of this Notice. In the majority of cases, this will be Zendesk, Inc., unless we specifically inform you otherwise.
a. Legal Basis for Processing:
Please see
Section 3
for the legal basis on which we rely for the collection, processing, and use of personal data.
b. Your Data Protection Rights:
Under applicable data protection laws, you may exercise certain rights regarding your personal data:
Right to Access.
You have the right to obtain confirmation from us whether we are processing your personal data and related information, as well as the right to obtain a copy of your personal data undergoing processing.
Right to Data Portability.
You may receive your personal data, that you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly-used, and machine-readable format, and you may have the right to transmit it to other data controllers without hindrance. This right only exists if the processing is based on your consent or a contract, and the processing is carried out by automated means.
Right to Rectification.
You have the right to request the rectification of inaccurate personal data and to have incomplete data completed.
Right to Objection.
You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data in certain cases.
Right to Restrict Processing.
You may request that we restrict the processing of your personal data in certain cases.
Right to Erasure.
You may request that we erase your personal data in certain cases.
Right to Lodge a Complaint.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, we commit to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of  the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs), the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) and the Gibraltar Regulatory Authority (GRA), and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF,  the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
Right to Refuse or Withdraw Consent.
In case we ask for your consent to process your personal data, you are free to refuse to give it. If you have given your consent, you may withdraw it at any time without any adverse consequences. The lawfulness of any processing of your personal data that occurred prior to the withdrawal of your consent will not be affected.
Right to Not Be Subject to Automated Decision-making.
The types of automated decision-making referred to in Article 22(1) and (4) EU/UK General Data Protection Regulation (“
GDPR
”) do not take place in connection with your personal data. Should this change, we will inform you about why and how any such decision was made, the significance of it, and the possible consequences of it. You will also have the right to human intervention, to express your point of view, and to contest the decision.
You may exercise these rights by contacting us using the details provided in
Section 9
above. Please note that we may refuse to act on requests to exercise data protection rights in certain cases, such as where providing access might infringe someone else’s privacy rights or impact our legal obligations.
c. International Transfers of Personal Data:
Due to the global nature of our operations, some of the recipients mentioned in
Section 2
of the Notice may be located in countries outside the EEA, Switzerland, or the U.K., which do not provide an adequate level of data protection as defined by data protection laws in the EEA, Switzerland, and the U.K. Transfers within the Zendesk Group or to third parties located in such third countries take place using a valid data transfer mechanism, such as the EU Standard Contractual Clauses and/or the U.K. Addendum to such clauses, approved Binding Corporate Rules, approved codes of conduct and certifications mechanisms, on the basis of permissible statutory derogations, or any other valid data transfer mechanism issued or approved by the EEA, Swiss, or U.K. authorities. More information on (including a copy of) our Binding Corporate Rules is available
here
, and evidence of our Binding Corporate Rules approval is available on the European Data Protection Board’s website
here
. Certain third countries have been officially recognized by the EEA, Swiss, and U.K. authorities as providing an adequate level of protection and no further safeguards are necessary. Please reach out to us using the contact information in
Section 9
above, if you wish to receive further information about how we transfer personal data or, where available, a copy of the relevant data transfer mechanism.
Zendesk, Inc., FutureSimple Inc., and Smooch Technologies US Inc. comply with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce (collectively, the “Principles”).  Zendesk, Inc. FutureSimple Inc., and Smooch Technologies US Inc.  have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  Zendesk, Inc. FutureSimple Inc., and Smooch Technologies US Inc. have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  For complaints regarding EU-U.S. DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/ANNEX-I-introduction-dpf
. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
In the context of onward transfers, Zendesk is accountable for the processing of personal data it receives under the Principles and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. Zendesk remains liable under the Principles if Zendesk’s agent processes personal data in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless Zendesk proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to damage.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Zendesk, Inc., FutureSimple Inc., and Smooch Technologies US Inc. compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF).
Data Protection Officer:
The contact details for our data protection officer are as follows: Zendesk, Inc., Attn: Privacy Team and DPO, 181 Fremont Street, San Francisco, CA 94105, United States,
euprivacy@zendesk.com
or
privacy@zendesk.com
.
12. Supplemental Information for Other Regions
Australia:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with the Australian Privacy Act 1988 (Commonwealth) and the Australia Privacy Principles. If you are dissatisfied with our handling of a complaint or do not agree with the resolution proposed by us, you may make a complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (“
OAIC
”) by contacting the OAIC using the methods listed on
their website
. Alternatively, you may request that we pass on the details of your complaint to the OAIC directly.
Brazil:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (“
LGPD
”). Those individuals who use or access our Sites or Services expressly consent to the collection, use, storage, and processing of their personal data by us for the purposes described in this Notice.
Canada:
Personal data, as defined in the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“
PIPEDA
”) will be collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group in accordance with the Zendesk Group’s obligations under PIPEDA.
Japan:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with Japan’s Act on the Protection of Personal Information (“
APPI
”).
Nevada:
We do not presently sell personal data as defined under Nevada law. If you are a Nevada resident, you may nevertheless email us using the information above to exercise your right to opt-out of sale under Nevada Revised Statutes §603A et seq.
New Zealand:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with New Zealand’s Privacy Act 2020 and its 13 Information Privacy Principles (“
NZ IPPs
”).
Singapore:
Personal data collected, stored, used and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with the Zendesk Group’s obligations under the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (“
PDPA
”).
United Kingdom:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Privacy Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with the Zendesk Group’s obligations under the UK Data Protection Act 2018, as amended by the Data Protection, Privacy and Electronic Communications (Amendments etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, as amended, superseded or replaced (“
U.K. GDPR
”).
13. English Version Controls
Non-English translations of this notice are provided for convenience only. In the event of any ambiguity or conflict between translations, the English version is authoritative and controls.
14. Zendesk, Inc. Affiliates
Zendesk, Inc.; Zendesk Brasil Software Corporativo Ltda; Zendesk UK Limited; Zendesk International Limited; Zendesk APS; Zendesk Pty., Ltd; Kabushiki Kaisha Zendesk; Zendesk Incorporated; Zendesk GmbH; Zendesk Singapore Pte. Ltd.; Zendesk France SAS; Base sp. z o. o. (Base spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością); Zendesk Technologies Private Limited; FutureSimple Inc.; Zendesk Korea LLC; Smooch Technologies ULC; Cleverly, Unipessoal, LDA.; ZD Sub Holdings (U.S.); Zendesk Sweden AB.; Smooch Technologies US Inc. (U.S.); Zendesk S. de R.L. de C.V. (Mexico); Zendesk Technologies Spain S.L. (Spain); Zoro TopCo, LP; Zendesk Netherlands B.V.; Zendesk Italy S.r.l.; Tymeshift Inc; Tymeshift doo Novi Sad; Tymeshift Portugal, Unipessoal Lda.
Sub-policy 18
https://amplitude.com/privacy:
Privacy Notice
Table of Contents
1. Introduction
2. What This Privacy Notice Covers
3. Personal Data We Collect And How We Use The Personal Data
4. When Amplitude Discloses Personal Data
5. Customer End User Data
6. International Transfer
7. Our Commitment To Data Security
8. Your Choices About How We Use And Disclose Information We Collect From You
9. Other Information About Our Privacy Practices
10. Updates And Changes To The Privacy Notice
11. Disputes
12. California Privacy Rights
13. Contact Us
14. Cookies
15. Previous Privacy Version
Last Updated: September 26, 2023
1. Introduction
Amplitude, Inc. ("
Amplitude
," "
we
," or "
us
") is a cloud-based product-analytics platform that helps customers build better products. Amplitude respects the privacy of individuals and is committed to protecting the information of visitors to the website ("
Visitors
") and individuals or entities that register to use the Amplitude products and services ("
Customers
"). This Privacy Notice describes Amplitude’s practices for collecting, storing, using, disclosing, and otherwise processing information in relation to Visitors of the website, amplitude.com, including our Community Forum and Amplitude Academy ("
Website
"), Amplitude’s marketing activities, and Customers accessing and using our products and services (collectively, "
Product
").
Please read the following carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information collected through the Website, through your use of the Product, and through our marketing activities. If you do not agree with the below policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website or register to use our Product, or to unsubscribe from our marketing.
2. What This Privacy Notice Covers
This Privacy Notice covers how we treat Personal Data that we gather about you in the course of our business, including when you access or use our Website or Product and through our or our partner’s events and marketing activities. Specifically, Amplitude is the controller of your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Notice, when it collects personal information from: (i) Visitors to Amplitude’s publicly available Website; (ii) Customers and their employees or other authorized users of their Amplitude instance when registering to use and using the Product; and (iii) when we receive personal information from or about you through our sales and marketing activities or events.
Throughout this Privacy Notice, "Personal Data" means any information that identifies or relates to a particular individual and also includes information referred to as "personally identifiable information" or "personal information" under applicable data privacy laws, rules or regulations.
For clarity, this Privacy Notice does not apply to Customer End User Data (as defined below) submitted by our customers to the Product. In those circumstances, Amplitude is processing Customer End User Data on behalf of that customer and that customer is responsible for the collection and use of your data. In addition, this Privacy Notice does not apply to the mobile applications, websites or services offered by our Customers or other third-parties. You should refer to that customer’s or third party’s privacy notice and direct any inquiries to them.
3. Personal Data We Collect And How We Use The Personal Data
3.1
PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT
The Personal Data you provide to us directly
You provide your Personal Data to us when you voluntarily fill in forms on our Website such as when you request a demo or to contact sales. This Personal Data may include: first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, country and/or state, phone number and the content of your request.
You may also share Personal Data with us through our Website when you register for an event or online webinar or training; sign up to receive our newsletter; subscribe to our blog; register to contribute and participate in our Community Forum or use Amplitude Academy; download a white paper or playbook; or complete a survey. This Personal Data may include: first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, country and/or state, phone number and the content of your request.
In order to access and use the Product, you are required to register for an account with us. When you register for an account, you may provide Personal Data to us, including first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, country and/or state, phone number, and username and password.
You may also provide Amplitude with your personal information at a marketing event or through marketing activities. This Personal Data may include: first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, work address, phone number and the content of your request.
If you attend an in-person or virtual event or agree to be recorded in a telephone or video meeting, we may record some or all of that event or meeting. For events, we may also document the event by taking photos or interviewing you at the event. We use this information for business and marketing purposes and training purposes.
You may choose to participate in an Amplitude program that allows you to pay fees with a credit or debit card, in which case you may provide your credit card or other payment details information directly to our third party payment processor. As explained below, Amplitude does not store this information.
The Personal Data we collect from third party sources
Amplitude may obtain Personal Data about you from third parties, including, but not limited to, marketing event organizers, partners, resellers, and public databases and websites.
Service providers
. For example, we may use third party providers of business contact information. The Personal Data provided to Amplitude by these Service providers about you may include your first and last name, company name, job title, business mailing addresses, business email addresses and business phone numbers, and LinkedIn URLs for purposes of delivering relevant Product updates and information, email content, advertisements and events.
Advertising partners.
We receive information about you from some of our service providers who assist us with marketing or promotional services, related to how you interact with our Website, event promotions, advertisements or communications. Amplitude requires that any third party providing us with Personal Data contact information has obtained the information lawfully and has the appropriate consent to share the information with Amplitude.
Google’s API Services.
Amplitude integrates Google’s Application Programming Interface (API) Services to allow users the option of logging into our platform with their Google credentials. If you choose to login to the Amplitude platform with Google’s API services, Google may share with us your email, name, and your unique Google ID so we can identify and authenticate you as a user. We do not share your data with any other parties, other than as may be necessary to provide our services to you. Amplitude’s use of information received from Google’s APIs will adhere to the
Google API Services User Data Policy
.
Targeted Online Advertisements:
We use third party service providers to help us understand our marketing efforts and to reach potential customers across the web. These third parties may use targeting and advertising cookies to track your online activity and across different channels, including our websites, email, and other websites and applications, to understand your interests, to display an advertisement for Amplitude, or email you with a marketing communication for Amplitude.
This Privacy Notice does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, cookies in third party ads. You should check the privacy policies of advertisers and/or ad services to learn more about their use of cookies and your information.
Information We Collect Automatically:
As you navigate through and interact with our Website or Product, we may use cookies, which are small files placed on your computer or mobile device, and web beacons, which are small electronic files located on pages of the Website or in email communications, to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and events, and patterns. You can learn more about cookies and how we use them
here
.
We also use cookies to access information when you sign in, store your preferences, interact with certain functionality in the Product, to keep you logged in, and to store a limited amount of behavioral data.
The data automatically collected from cookies and web beacons may include information from your Web browser (such as browser type and browser language) and details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, logs about your login history, identity confirmation, page views, length of visit and website navigation paths as well as information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address and connecting software. We collect this data in order to help us provide, support and improve our Website, the Product and the user experience with our Website and Product, and for network and information security purposes. You can learn more about cookies and how we use them
here
.
Additionally, Amplitude may use cookies and similar technologies to collect information about our Customers' interactions with the Product in a manner that allows us to reproduce and fix issues and to identify areas of improvement for our Product. Customers can opt out of the use of this software during their use of the Product by contacting us at privacy@amplitude.com.
The information we collect automatically may also include statistical and performance information arising from our Customers’ use of our Product and Visitors to our Website. This type of data will only be used by us in an aggregated and anonymized manner.
3.2
THE WAY AMPLITUDE USES YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We use Personal Data that we collect about you or that you provide to us as is necessary to run our business and to carry out day-to-day business activities. How we use the Personal Data we collect depends in part on how you choose to communicate with us, how you use our Website and/or Product and interact with us, and any preferences you have communicated to us. In general, we use the Personal Data in order to respond to a request from you, to carry out our legal obligations, to fulfill a contract with you, to provide the Product or other services to you, to make improvements to the Product, to protect your vital interests, to provide you with notices and for other purposes with your consent as described below.
We use the Personal Data you provide to us when you fill in forms on our Website to respond to your request, provide requested information, and to contact you about that request. Our legal basis for processing this personal information is our legitimate interest in communicating with you and fulfilling your requests.
We may use your Personal Data to provide the Product to you, including to make improvements to the Product and understand your preferences to personalize your experience, as well as for non-marketing or administrative purposes (such as notifying you of major changes to the Website, the Product or for customer service purposes). Our legal basis for processing this Personal Data is in the performance of our contract to provide the Product or other services to you.
We also use the Personal Data you provide to us for the purpose of operating our Website and Product; to detect bugs, report errors and to maintain the quality and safety of our Website and Product; and for ensuring the security and integrity of our Website and Product. Our legal basis for processing this personal information is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of and security of our Website and Product.
For Personal Data that we collect through tracking technologies about your interaction with our Website and Product, we use this information for analyzing the use of the Website and Product in order to improve the quality and design, user experience, and performance of our Website and Product. Our legal basis for processing this type of data is our legitimate interests, namely, to provide you with a better user experience.
For Personal Data we collect through targeted or online advertising cookies, we use this information to display and measure engagement with advertisements across different devices and sites and to serve you with marketing materials.
We may use the Personal Data you provide to us at marketing events, when you register for an online webinar or download a whitepaper for the purpose of offering, marketing and selling products and services to you or to communicate with you about an event. Our legal basis for processing this Personal Data is consent, which you can withdraw at any time.
We may also use any of your Personal Data identified in this Privacy Notice for the purposes of: (i) enforcing our agreements and policies, including Terms of Service or Main Service Agreement, (ii) protecting or defending Amplitude’s legal rights; (iv) protecting your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person; or (v) complying with a legal obligation.
We may use your Personal Data for any other business purpose stated when collecting your Personal Data or as otherwise set forth in applicable data privacy laws.
We will not collect additional categories of Personal Data or use the Personal Data we collect for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
As noted in the list above, we may communicate with you if you’ve provided us the means to do so. For example, if you’ve given us your email address, we may send you promotional email offers or email you about your use of the Product or Website. Also, we may receive a confirmation when you open an email from us, which helps us improve our Website and Product. If you do not want to receive communications from us, you can unsubscribe from marketing communications or email us with your preferences at privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com.
3.3 LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING PERSONAL DATA FOR EEA, UK, AND SWISS VISITORS AND CUSTOMERS
If you are an individual in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”), United Kingdom, Switzerland, or another relevant jurisdiction, we collect and process Personal Data about you only where we have a legal basis or bases for doing so under applicable laws. The legal bases depend on how you use the Website and/or Product, the Product your organization has purchased or uses, how you choose to interact and communicate with Amplitude’s Website and Product, and whether you attend Amplitude events. However, we will collect Personal Data only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the Personal Data to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect Personal Data from you and we will endeavor to make that clear at collection.
4. When Amplitude Discloses Personal Data
We may disclose Personal Data that we collect or you provide to us as described below.
We may disclose Personal Data that we collect or you provide to us to our subsidiaries and affiliates.
We may share your Personal Data collected from you as described in this Privacy Notice with third-party service providers who need to access the Personal Data in order to perform services on behalf of Amplitude, such as processing or storing such information, securing our Website or Product, or providing analytics services on our behalf. The third-party service providers are limited to using the Personal Data solely to provide the services to us and are bound by contractual obligations to keep Personal Data confidential and secure and to use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
If you are part of an Amplitude program that allows you to pay fees with a credit card or debit card and you choose to pay such fees with a credit card or debit card, your credit card or debit card information is provided directly to our third-party payment processor, Stripe, to process the payments. The payment information is transmitted directly via an encrypted connection to Stripe. Stripe uses, processes and stores your Personal Data and payment information in accordance with Stripe’s privacy policy available at stripe.com/us/privacy. Amplitude does not collect or store your payment information. Stripe maintains that it is PCI compliant and you can learn more about Stripe’s security measures available at stripe.com/help/security.
We may share your Personal Data if we believe disclosure is necessary to comply with applicable laws, regulations, respond to a court order, subpoena or a government request (such as a search warrant). If a government request or other legal process requires Amplitude to disclose your personal data, then Amplitude will use reasonable efforts to provide you with prior notification of the disclosure unless Amplitude is prohibited by law from doing so.
Amplitude also reserves the right to disclose your Personal Data that Amplitude believes, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to: (i) enforce our agreements and policies, including for billing and collection purposes, (ii) protect the security or integrity of the Website or Product; or (iii) protect or defend Amplitude’s legal rights.
In the event that Amplitude is acquired by or merged with a third party entity, we reserve the right, in any of these circumstances, to transfer or assign your Personal Data as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control. In the unlikely event of our bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, or assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors rights generally, we may not be able to control how your personal information is treated, transferred, or used.
Amplitude may disclose anonymized and/or aggregated information about Visitors to the Website or our Customers’ use of the Product that does not identify any individual.
Amplitude makes available our Community Forum and other resources or materials where you may post user generated content. The information you choose to post is publicly available and may be read and collected by others that visit these sections of the Website. Except for the details in your profile (e.g., username), the categories of data disclosed in these circumstances will depend on what information you choose to provide.
Amplitude may disclose Personal Data to third-party business partners at your direction, if you access or request contact from the third-party business partners through the Product or Website or at a marketing event.
Amplitude may disclose Personal Data that we collect or you provide to us for any purpose disclosed by us when we collect the information or with your consent, such as advertising or marketing providers.
5. Customer End User Data
This Privacy Notice does not apply to Customer End Users, Customer End User Data or Customer Applications.
With respect to the Personal Data collected by our Customers and submitted to the Amplitude platform, Amplitude is a processor and only processes such Personal Data in accordance with the instructions of our Customers. Our Customers may integrate into their mobile applications, websites or other services (collectively, "
Customer Applications
") certain aspects of our Product in order to understand how their own users ("
Customer End Users
") engage with the Customer Applications ("
Customer End User Data
").
Our Customers, not Amplitude, choose the type of Customer End User Data collected by Customer Applications, and submitted and processed through our Customers’ use of the Products. We process the Customer End User Data only according to the instructions of Customers and our legal obligations with respect to the Customer End User Data is set forth in the agreement between us and our Customers. The collection of Customer End User Data through Customer Applications is governed by our Customers’ privacy policies, and if you are a Customer End User then you should review the Customer’s privacy policy to learn more about the Customer’s data handling practices.
While Amplitude recognizes that an individual has the right to access, delete and amend the data collected about that individual, Amplitude only has a relationship with our Customers and does not interact with the Customer End Users. As such, if you are a Customer End User and you would like to access, amend or delete your data, you need to contact the Customer directly with your request which Customer may process. Amplitude will respond within a reasonable period of time to any such request or assistance requested by our Customer.
Amplitude only retains the Customer End User Data we process on behalf of our Customers for as long as necessary to provide the Product to our Customers or as required to comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce any agreement.
6. International Transfer
By interacting with the Website or using the Product or otherwise providing information to Amplitude, you understand that your Personal Data may be transferred to the United States or another country other than your country of residence and you consent to such transfer. In order to ensure that your Personal Data receives an adequate level of protection and security, Amplitude has implemented appropriate safeguards for cross-border transfers of Personal Data, as required by applicable data protection laws. These safeguards may include using the European Commission-approved standard contractual clauses to protect the transfer of your Personal Data to Amplitude’s corporate affiliates or service providers, if required by applicable law.
Amplitude complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Amplitude has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Amplitude has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles (together, the “DPF Principles”), the DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (“DPF”) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
For the actions of third party agents Amplitude engages to process data on our behalf, Amplitude remains responsible and liable under the DPF Principles if a third party agent processes the Personal Data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless Amplitude proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
7. Our Commitment To Data Security
Amplitude uses commercially reasonable physical, managerial, and technical safeguards designed to secure your Personal Data from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. These measures include, for example, physical access controls, encryption, firewalls, and detection and monitoring. Our personnel who may have access to your Personal Data are required to keep that information confidential and trained on their security and privacy obligations.
You, however, are also responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and other information used by you to access the Website or use the Product. While Amplitude does its best to protect your Personal Data, any transmission of your Personal Data is done at your own risk and Amplitude cannot guarantee that such Personal Data may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. Except as expressly required by law, we are not responsible for the theft, destruction, loss or inadvertent disclosure of your Personal Data or information. If Amplitude learns of a security systems breach, then we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. Amplitude may post a notice on the Website or in Product if a security breach occurs. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing.
8. Your Choices About How We Use And Disclose Information We Collect From You
We strive to provide you with choices regarding your Personal Data and we understand that you have the right to access, correct, delete, object to and restrict our use of your Personal Data. We also understand that you have the right to obtain a copy of your Personal Data from us and to withdraw your consent to the processing of your Personal Data by us. Please note that the rights set forth in this Section 8, unless otherwise noted, apply globally to all Visitors and Customers, whether or not you are a California resident or a resident of the EEA, United Kingdom, or Switzerland. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your Personal Data:
You may choose not to provide Personal Data through our Website or when you register for the Product, in which case Amplitude may not be able to provide certain services to you or respond to your requests.
You can access, review, correct and/or change your Personal Data by logging into your account on the Website or Product and visiting your account profile page. You may also send us an email at privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com to request access to, correct or delete any Personal Data that you have provided to us. In some cases, we may not be able to delete your Personal Data except by also deleting your user account.
If you do not wish to have your email address or other contact information used by us to promote our own products or services, you can opt-out by checking the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your Personal Data, by updating your user or subscription preferences in your account profile(s), or by sending us an email stating your request to privacy@amplitude.com. If we have sent you a promotional email, you may unsubscribe to receive future emails via the unsubscribe link in that email or adjust your user preferences in your account profile as noted above. The opt out specified above does not apply to information provided to us as a result of a purchase, product service experience or other transactions. You cannot unsubscribe from non-promotional and transactional communications.
You may also request a copy of your Personal Data that you have provided to us directly by sending an email to privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com. We will provide you a copy of your Personal Data in a commonly used electronic form.
If we collected and processed your Personal Data with your consent, where required by law, you can withdraw your consent at any time by emailing privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com.
Depending on your country or state of residence, including if you are a California resident, you have the right to opt out of the sale of Personal Data, certain sharing of Personal Data with third party ad partners, and the right to limit the use or disclosure of sensitive personal information. We do not sell your Personal Data or use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than those permitted by the CCPA. We may share Personal Data with third party ad partners, such as through cookies or by providing lists of email addresses for potential customers so we can reach them across the web with relevant ads. If you wish to opt out of sharing, you may adjust your preferences in the Cookie Settings.
If you wish to opt out of this sharing of your Personal Data with cookies on this domain, please update your Cookie Settings.
Please note to exercise the rights set forth above we may ask you to: (1) provide sufficient information to allow us to verify that you are the person about whom we have collected Personal Data, and (2) describe the request in sufficient detail to allow us to understand, evaluate, and respond to it. Each request that meets both of these criteria will be considered a "Valid Request." We may not respond to requests that do not meet these criteria. We will only use Personal Data provided in a Valid Request to verify you and complete your request. You do not need an account to submit a Valid Request.
We will work to respond to your Valid Request within 30 days of receipt. We will not charge you a fee for making a Valid Request unless your Valid Request(s) is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that your Valid Request warrants a fee, we will notify you of the fee and explain that decision before completing your request.
You may submit a Valid Request, or appeal our response to a valid request, by emailing us at privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com with the appropriate information and detail.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the GDPR, CCPA or other applicable data privacy laws or regulations. We will not deny you our goods or services, charge you different prices or rates, or provide you a lower quality of goods and services if you exercise your rights under the GDPR, CCPA or other applicable data privacy laws or regulations.
9. Other Information About Our Privacy Practices
9.1
Our Retention Practices
Personal Data that Amplitude collects and processes as a controller for the purposes identified in this Privacy Notice are not kept by Amplitude for longer than is necessary for the specific purpose identified in this Privacy Notice, unless required to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your Personal Data to comply with applicable laws or regulations), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies. When we no longer have a legitimate business need to retain your Personal Data, we will either delete or anonymize it.
9.2
Children’s Privacy
Amplitude’s Website and Product are not directed at children. We do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Data directly from individuals that are under the age of 13. If you are under 13, please do not provide or send us any Personal Data or attempt to register for or otherwise use the Product. If we learn that a child under 13 has directly provided us with their Personal Data through the Website or Product, or that we have collected information for a child under 13 through our marketing activities, then we will delete that information. If you believe a child under 13 has registered for an account on the Website or Product, or is receiving marketing materials from Amplitude, please contact us at privacy@amplitude.com.
9.3
Automated Decision-Making
Amplitude does not use any Personal Data provided by you for the purpose of automated decision-making or profiling.
9.4
Other Websites; Links
Our Website, Product or marketing materials may contain links to other third party websites or applications (such as Facebook, LinkedIn or Twitter). This Privacy Notice does not apply to any third party websites, including through any application that may link to or be accessible from or on the Website or Product, and Amplitude is not responsible for the privacy policies and the content of the third party websites or applications.
10. Updates And Changes To The Privacy Notice
Please note that we reserve the right, at any time, to add to, change, update, or modify this Privacy Notice, to reflect changes in our practices, technologies, additional factors, and to be consistent with applicable data protection and privacy laws or other legal requirements. The modified Privacy Notice will be posted on this website along with the effective date. If, in our reasonable discretion, the changes are material, we will provide you with additional notice (such as adding a notice on our Website, in the Product, or sending you an email notification). Changes to this Privacy Notice are effective when they are posted on this page.
11. Disputes
As part of our commitment to the DPF Principles, if you are a resident of the European Union, UK, or Switzerland and you have a privacy or data use concern, please contact Amplitude directly at privacy@amplitude.com and Amplitude will use its best efforts to address your concern within 45 days of receipt of your complaint. For an unresolved privacy or data use concern that Amplitude has not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S. based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
.
For any DPF disputes that cannot be resolved by the methods above, you may be able to invoke a binding arbitration process under certain conditions. To find out more about the DPF's binding arbitration scheme, please see Annex I of the DPF Principles, here:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/Participation-Requirements-Data-Privacy-Framework-DPF-Principles-dpf
.
The Federal Trade Commission has investigation and enforcement authority over Amplitude’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF
12. California Privacy Rights
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 and its amendments (“CCPA”), California residents have certain rights to disclosures about how we collect, use, retain and disclose your Personal Data. This section addresses those requirements. For a description of all of our data collection, use and disclosure practices, please read this Privacy Notice in its entirety.
Personal Data Collection and Disclosure
Amplitude does not sell Personal Data as we understand the term “sell” to be defined by the CCPA. We share Personal Data, as we understand the term “share” to be defined by the CCPA, as set forth below.
The categories of Personal Data we may collect from you, from third parties, and from your interactions with us, and categories of third party recipients to whom we disclose such Personal Data for business purposes are set forth below. For additional detail about the Personal Data we collect and use and with whom we share this Personal Data and for what purpose, please review Sections 3 and 4 above.
Identifiers (such as name, email address, work address, and phone number)
Service providers; third parties
Commercial information (such as account records and transaction data)
Service providers; third parties
Internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or Website or Product usage)
Service providers
Geolocation data (such as country, city, or approximate location inferred from your IP address)
Service providers
Professional or employment-related data
Service providers; third parties
The following categories of Personal Data have been shared in the preceding 12 months with third party advertising partners and advertising technology providers so that we can reach you with advertisements for our products and services and make them more relevant to you:
Identifiers and contact information
Analytics or other electronic network activity.
Amplitude does not use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than those permitted purposes under the CCPA. Amplitude does not have actual knowledge that it sells or shares Personal Data of individuals under the age of 16.
We retain Personal Data as described in Section 9.1 above.
California law gives California residents the right to make certain requests with regard to their Personal Data. Please see Section 8 for a description of your choices and how you may make a request.
13. Contact Us
If you have any comments, concerns or questions about this Privacy Notice or our privacy practices in general, please send an email to
privacy@amplitude.com
,
ccpa@amplitude.com
, or send mail to:
Amplitude, Inc.
Attn: Privacy
201 Third Street, Suite 200
San Francisco, CA 94103
EFFECTIVE DATE
This Privacy Notice was last updated on September 26, 2023.
14. Cookies
Amplitude uses cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns. Below we describe what cookies and web beacons are, why we use cookies and web beacons, the types of cookies and web beacons that we use, as well as what you can do in order to manage and delete cookies and web beacons.
What are cookies and web beacons?
Cookies are small text files that websites often store on computer hard drives or mobile devices of visitors to their websites. A cookie contains a unique number, which is used to recognize your computer or mobile device when you return to our Website. Cookies can remain on your computer or mobile device for different periods of time. The cookies can be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies. Persistent cookies are stored by a web browser and remain valid until a set expiration date. Session cookies only exist while your internet browser is open and are automatically deleted once you close your browser.
Web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) are small electronic files contained on pages of websites that permit companies to count users who have visited certain webpages on a website and are used for other related website statistics (e.g., recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
What does Amplitude
use cookies and web beacons for?
Amplitude uses a variety of cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies for different purposes. Specifically, Amplitude uses cookies and web beacons to enhance the experience of our visitors to our Website (for example, by remembering your preferences and letting you navigate between pages efficiently) and to better understand how the Website and Product are used. Cookies may tell us, for example, whether you have visited the Website before or whether you are a new visitor.
What types of cookies and web beacons are used by Amplitude?
Amplitude uses both first-party and third-party cookies and web beacons. First-party cookies and web beacons are cookies and web beacons that are served directly by Amplitude to your computer or mobile device. Third-party cookies and web beacons are served by a third-party service provider on behalf of Amplitude. Third-party cookies are most commonly used for advertising and analytics purposes.
There are four categories of cookies and web beacons used by Amplitude. Specifically, Amplitude uses essential, performance, functionality and advertising cookies and web beacons.
Essential cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies are necessary for the operation of the Website and Product. These tracking technologies enable you to move around on the Website and use the Website’s features. You may not opt-out of these types of cookies because they are required to operate the Website and Product.
Performance cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies collect information about how you have used the Website and Product. We use performance cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies to improve the user experience with our Website and Product.
Functionality cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies allow us to remember how you are logged into our Website, when you logged in or out and the actions you have taken while you have been logged into the Website.
Advertising cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies are used by our third-party service providers to deliver advertising to you on other third-party websites as well as help measure the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns. We also use these types of cookies to analyze Website visits and ad conversions from third-party websites.
The table below lists the types of cookies and third party service providers currently used by Amplitude but may not include all cookies or third party service providers. In addition, the below list of cookies and third party service providers is subject to change at any time.
Performance
Amplitude
We use our own products and services to analyze the user behavior within our website and our own products and services.
For more information about our privacy practices, see
https://amplitude.com/privacy
Performance
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to analyze the use of our website.
For more information about Google’s privacy practices, see
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Functional
Intercom
We use Intercom to power chat functionality.
For more information about Intercom’s privacy practices, see
https://www.intercom.com/legal/privacy
Advertising
Marketo
We use Marketo for marketing automation services.
For more information about Marketo’s cookie policy, see
https://documents.marketo.com/legal/cookies/
Advertising
Doubleclick
We use Doubleclick to track advertisements and measure website visits and conversions.
For more information about opting out of the ads, see
https://adssettings.google.com/u/0/authenticated
Advertising
LinkedIn
We use LinkedIn to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on LinkedIn.
For more information about LinkedIn’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
Advertising
Facebook
We use Facebook to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on Facebook.
For more information about Facebook’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.facebook.com/help/www/213802165366955
Advertising
AddThis
We use AddThis for their website tools like social sharing buttons.
For more information about AddThis’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.oracle.com/legal/privacy/addthis-privacy-policy.html
Advertising
StackAdapt
We use StackAdapt to track advertisements and measure website visits and conversions.
For more information about StackAdapt’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.stackadapt.com/platform-and-services-privacy-policy
Advertising
Bing
We use Bing to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on Bing.
For more information about Bing’s privacy practices, please see
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement
Advertising
Reddit
We use Reddit to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on Reddit.
For more information about Reddit’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.reddit.com/policies/privacy-policy
What are your choices about cookies?
You can decide whether or not to accept cookies through our Cookie Settings link on our Website. Most browsers allow you to configure the browser settings so that cookies from websites cannot be placed on your computer or mobile device. If you choose not to accept cookies, then you may be able to continue browsing our Website but we may not be able to provide you with certain features. If you want to opt out of advertising or performance cookies, then you may do so by reviewing the privacy policies of the third party service providers who serve the advertising and performance cookies identified above. If you would like further information about cookies and how to manage and delete them, please visit
www.allaboutcookies.org
or
www.youronlinechoices.eu
.
You can also delete all cookies that are already on your computer. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and the Product, Website and functionalities may not work.
What are your choices about cookies and interest-based advertisements?
Through the Digital Advertising Alliance and Network Advertising Initiative, several media and marketing associations have developed an industry self-regulatory program to give consumers a better understanding of, and greater control over, ads that are customized based on a consumer’s online behavior across different websites and properties. To make choices about internet-based ads from participating third parties, including to opt-out of receiving behaviorally targeted advertisements from participating organizations or to learn more about opting out of advertising cookies, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s or Digital Advertising Alliance’s consumer opt-out pages, which are located at
http://networkadvertising.org/choices/
or
www.aboutads.info/choices
. For those users located in the European Union, you can visit the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s user information website a
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
.
15. Previous Privacy Version
August 28, 2023
December 30, 2022