Privacy & Cookie Policy
Website privacy policy
Medela's Privacy & Cookie Policy governs the collection, processing and use of your personal data, when you visit and/or interact with our website.
This website privacy & cookie policy ("Website Privacy & Cookie Policy") applies to the websites www.medela.com and/or other Medela websites (each including any subpages) ("Website") which are operated by Medela AG, Lättichstrasse 4b, 6340 Baar, Switzerland ("Medela" or "we"). Other websites connected directly or indirectly with our Website, e.g., by hyperlinks, do not fall within the scope of this Website Privacy & Cookie Policy, whether or not they are operated by Medela, an affiliated group company or partner.
Website Privacy & Cookie Policy last revised on July 1, 2023.
1. COLLECTION, PROCESSING AND USE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
1.1 Anonymous Usage of our Website
You are welcome to visit our Website while remaining anonymous and without revealing any of your personal data.
However, when you first visit our Website we will ask for your consent to place cookies on your device and to track your website usage behaviour. This helps us to better understand how our customers use our Website and to improve our website offering and services, which includes providing you with a more personalized website experience and targeted offers. In case you have registered for our newsletter (see Section 1.3 below), we will use such website usage information also to provide you with more personalized communications reflecting your specific interests and preferences. Please see Section 2 below for a detailed description of the cookies and website analysis tools we use for this purpose and your rights to change your choices.
If you do not agree with the above practices and wish to remain fully anonymous, you can indicate not to provide your consent, or withdraw your consent with effect for the future, by using the opt-out mechanisms available (see Section 2 below). In this case, we will only collect certain anonymous information which do not directly relate to your person. For example, we may collect the number of visitors to our Website, browsing patterns and areas of interest. We analyse this information to understand how our customers use our Website, and to assess trends, statistics and our customers’ needs, which help us to improve our Website and to better serve our customers.
Other than as indicated above, we will only collect your personal data if you voluntarily decide to share such information with us, such as by sending an enquiry (via our contact form) or requesting a specific service. Unless you have provided your explicit consent, and unless indicated otherwise in this Privacy Policy, we will use the personal data that you have shared with us only as necessary for enabling your use of our Website, including handling your requests and providing the requested services. Apart from that, we may use any personal data we receive only in anonymized form (i.e., in a non-personally identifiable form which does not allow for any conclusions as to your identity) for statistical purposes and for internal evaluation how to improve our products and services. Your data will not be processed for other purposes or beyond the scope of this Privacy Policy, except where expressly permitted or required by applicable law.
1.2 Using our Contact Form
We collect the personal data you voluntarily disclose when you contact us through the contact form on our Website, for example, if you send us an enquiry or file a specific request with our customer service and support. Unless indicated otherwise in this Website Privacy & Cookie Policy, your data will not be used without your consent other than to handle your request/enquiry, e.g., to provide you with the service information you asked for, and not be used for any other purpose, unless expressly permitted or required by applicable law.
Your request/enquiry will be handled by Medela or, as necessary, by one of our local affiliated group companies responsible for handling the topics addressed in your request/enquiry for your jurisdiction.
1.3 Newsletter Registration
You are free to register for our newsletter. When doing so we will ask you for your consent to store and process your first name, last name, email address and country. We will use such data solely to provide you with regular email updates about services, products and events of Medela and its affiliated group companies. These emails will be provided to you by Medela and/or the Local Group Company which is the affiliated group company responsible for handling your customer relationship on local level. As part of your registration, we will further obtain your consent that we may personalize the content of our newsletter according to your needs and interests based on other information we receive and store from you, such as your profession, whether you are a private or business customer, account information, order history, or other information revealed by you (including, for instance, data from your usage of our MyMedela Breastfeeding App or from your participation in surveys). In case you have also given your consent to the placement of cookies and the tracking of your website usage behaviour (see Section 2.2 below), we will also use information about your website usage to provide you with personalized communications which reflect your specific interests and preferences.
After you have submitted your newsletter request, you will receive a confirmation email which contains a link that you need to click-on to confirm your registration. This double-opt-in procedure helps us to ensure that the email-account holder consents with the receipt of our newsletter.
The wording of your consent declaration given when registering for our newsletter can be viewed at the bottom of this Website Privacy & Cookie Policy.
When registering for our newsletter, you further consent that your usage of our newsletter, such as email-opens and email-clicks, may be tracked by Medela using an analytics tool provided by a third party. This tool also collects information about email-forwarding, undeliverable emails and unsubscribes. The personal data collected by this third party system contains your name, email-address and location.
In addition, we may use other technical service providers, including cloud services operated from the USA, which offer similar tools to help us managing the newsletter subscriptions and providing related communication and marketing services.
Our service providers will process your information as our data processor only on our behalf and in accordance with our instructions to help us evaluate the usage of our newsletter, to personalize your newsletter communications, to compile reports on newsletter activity and to provide other statistical and analytical services relating to the usage of our newsletter. Your data will not be used for any other purposes.
While these service providers may be located in a country which may not provide for the same level of data protection as considered adequate in your country of residence, in particular in Switzerland and the EU/EEA, we have taken the necessary measures to ensure your personal data is appropriately protected when being transferred outside of Switzerland and/or the EU/EEA.
You can unsubscribe from our newsletter at any time, and withdraw your consent with effect for the future, by clicking the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of the newsletter emails you received or by sending an email or letter to the contact details provided in Section 11 of this Website Privacy & Cookie Policy.
2. COOKIES
2.1 Essential cookies
Cookies are small text files that our Website asks to place on your computer or other internet enabled devices, such as tablets or smartphones. If your browser is set to accept cookies, then your browser adds the text in a small file.
Except as indicated otherwise in this Website Privacy & Cookie Policy, the cookies used by us are essential for the functioning and performance of our Website, such as by making our website work more efficiently and facilitating your use of the functionalities and services provided; these functionality and/or performance cookies will be deleted from your device once your browser-session has ended (session cookies). We will not use the information stored in essential cookies for any other purpose than as strictly necessary to provide you with the services and functionalities requested.
2.2 Cookie Consent & Personalized Tracking
When you access our Website, we will ask for your consent to place additional cookies on your device by displaying a cookie banner ("Cookie Consent"). These cookies will not be strictly necessary for the functioning and performance of our Website but will help us to collect some of your personal data relating to your website usage behaviour in order to improve our website offering and services and/or to provide you with more personalized information and services, including targeted offers (see below Sections 2.4 and 2.5 for the corresponding cookies placed for website analysis and remarketing purposes). In case you have registered for our newsletter (see Section 1.3 above), we will use such website usage information also to provide you with more personalized communications reflecting your specific interests and preferences. With your Cookie Consent, you further agree with the placement of cookies for enabling the services of AddToAny (see below Section 3).
The cookie banner informs you about the main purposes of the additional cookies and provides you with information about your choices and where you may access further information. Your continued use of our Website after interacting with or having seen the cookie banner will signify your consent to the described practices.
The wording of the Cookie Consent declaration can be viewed at the
bottom
of this Website Privacy & Cookie Policy. We explain the categories of non-essential cookies and other tracking technologies that may be placed on your device and their respective purposes in the context of the different services further below. At all times, you have the right to withdraw your Cookie Consent and individually opt-out from the placement of cookies and any collection of your information for the different purposes at any time with effect for the future, as further explained in the respective Sections 2.5, 2.6, 3 and 4 below.
2.3 Other tracking technologies
We may also use other tracking technologies, such as pixels and web beacons in order to provide a better service. These technologies usually work in conjunction with cookies.
2.4 Managing your cookie settings
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you prefer, you can change your settings to generally refuse cookies, to delete cookies that have already been placed on your device, or to warn you before a cookie is placed. Please refer to your browser instructions or to
www.aboutcookies.org
or
www.allaboutcookies.org
to learn more about how to adjust or modify your browser settings.
If you choose not to accept cookies, this may impair the usability of the Website and you may not be able to take advantage of some of our features and services offered.
If you use different devices to access our Website (e.g., smartphone, tablet, computer, etc.) you will need to ensure that each browser on each device is adjusted to reflect your cookie preferences.
2.5 Use of Google Universal Analytics
This Website uses Google Universal Analytics ("Google Analytics"), a web analytics service provided by Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, 4 Barrow St, Dublin, D04 E5W5, Ireland (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies to help us analyze how users use our Website, including the number of visitors to our Website, the websites our visitors have come from, and the pages they visit. This information is used by us to improve our Website offer and services. As a rule, any information generated by the cookie about your use of our Website will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.
Google will use this information as our commissioned data processor to help us evaluate the use of our Website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide other statistical and analytical services relating to usage of our Website. We use the Google anonymization function to change the last digits of your IP address. However, if you are logged in e.g. with a Google account, Google will be able to revoke the anonymization. In any event, Medela will never receive this information and cannot revoke the anonymization.
You may prevent the collection of data generated by the cookie about your use of this Website (including your IP address) and opt-out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites by downloading and installing a browser-plugin which is available
here
.
In this case, an opt-out cookie will be placed on your browser that prevents any further tracking of your use of this Website by Google Analytics. Please remember that you will have to opt-out again if you delete all cookies stored on your device.
You will also have to opt-out for each device you use to visit our Website.
2.6 Use of Google Analytics advertising features
Depending on the pages you visit on our Website, we may further use certain Google Analytics Display Advertising features, such as demographics and interest reporting and remarketing features.
To enable these features, a third party DoubleClick Cookie will be placed on your device by Google (when you visit certain pages of our Website or websites from other publishers that have implemented advertising features based on the DoubleClick Cookie).
The DoubleClick Cookie stores information about your use of our Website (and eventually other websites visited in the Google advertising network), including the sites visited, ad views, page views, user interaction data, browser information, IP-address, a cookie ID, and your search history. Google will not link your name or other personally identifiable information to your DoubleClick cookie without your prior consent.
We use Google Analytics to analyze the data stored in the DoubleClick Cookie in order to obtain statistical reports on our user's demographics (age, gender) and interests. These reports help us to better understand our users and to improve our Website and services.
In addition, we use Google Analytics' remarketing features to run advertising campaigns (including Google AdWords) to users of our Website. Based on their prior visits to our Website (and their interests expressed during those previous sessions), these users will be delivered relevant, personalized advertising when they browse other sites in the Internet within the Google Display Network. We may also use the Google Analytics Advertising features to help us measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns.
Please further note that the DoubleClick Cookie also enables Google and other third party vendors to serve targeted advertising (based on your prior visits to our Website and/or other sites on the Internet). These ads may be shown on websites of Google and/or other publishers participating in the Google advertising network.
Click
here
to find out how Google uses information from sites or apps that use Google's services.
You can manage your preferences and opt-out of Google's interest-based ads in your
Google Ads Setting
. In this case, the unique cookie ID of the DoubleClick-Cookie is overwritten and can't be associated with a particular browser. Please note that a new DoubleClick-Cookie might be placed if you delete all cookies from your device and you may have to renew your opt-out settings.
If you would like to permanently deactivate the DoubleClick-Cookie please download and install the browser-plugin which is available
here
.
You can further opt-out of third-party vendors' use of cookies for online advertising at the US-based
aboutads.info.choices
page or the EU-based
Your Online Choices
page.
Click here
to find out how Google uses information from sites or apps that use Google's services.
2.7 Other Third-Party Cookies
Some content or applications, including advertisements, on the Website may be served by unaffiliated third parties. These may place cookies on your device for their own purposes. We do not control these third parties' tracking technologies or how they may be used.
You may prevent the placement of and tracking by such third-party cookies by adjusting or modifying your browser settings accordingly. For further information please refer to your browser instructions.
3. ADDTOANY SOCIAL PLUGIN
This Website uses a social plugin of the service AddToAny ("AddToAny Plugin"), operated by AddToAny LLC, 717 Market Street, San Francisco, CA94103, USA ("AddToAny"). The service of AddToAny allows users to share content on our Website more easily through social networks, such as facebook.com, twitter.com, LinkedIn.com and pinterest.com ("Social Networks").
If you access a webpage from our Website which contains the AddToAny Plugin your browser may build up a direct connection with the servers of AddToAny and download the AddToAny Plugin and its content to your browser to integrate it into the webpage you are visiting. The AddToAny Plugin will place cookies on your device and provide AddToAny with the information that you have accessed the respective webpage from our Website. Further information may be collected when you choose to interact with the AddToAny Plugin, such as by clicking on the AddToAny icon and/or sharing content with the sharing icons. The information collected by AddToAny includes server log information and  browser information.
Medela does not have control over the collection, storage and use of any such information by AddToAny or the respective Social Network and does not have any access to the information collected. You should read AddToAny’s and the respective Social Networks' privacy policies carefully before you use any of their features. AddToAny’s privacy policy can be found
here
.
4. FACEBOOK SOCIAL PLUGIN
This Website may use social plugins ("plugins") of the social network facebook.com, which is operated by Facebook Inc, 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA ("Facebook"). The plugins are marked with a Facebook logo or the addition "Facebook Social Plugin".
When you visit a website on this Website that contains such a plugin, your browser establishes a direct connection to the Facebook servers. The content of the plugin is transmitted directly from Facebook to your browser and integrated into the website.
By integrating the plugins, Facebook receives the information that you have called up the corresponding page of our Website. If you are logged in to Facebook, Facebook can assign your visit to your Facebook account. If you interact with the plugins, for example by clicking the "I like" button or making a comment, the corresponding information is transmitted directly from your browser to Facebook and stored there.
The purpose and scope of the data collection and the further processing and use of the data by Facebook as well as your rights and setting options for the protection of your privacy can be found in the
Facebook data protection information
.
If you do not want Facebook to collect data about you via our Website, you must log out of Facebook before visiting our Website.
5. YOUTUBE
This Website also embeds YouTube videos provided by Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, 4 Barrow St, Dublin, D04 E5W5, Ireland (
"Google"
). Using Google’s offering requires a connection to be established to Google’s servers in the US. During this process, certain information is transmitted to Google. For all YouTube videos embedded in our Website we have enabled the Privacy-enhanced mode offered by Google. This means that Google stores information about a visitor to our Website only if he or she chooses to play an embedded video. Medela does not control the collection, storage and use of any of your information by Google and does not have access to any information collected. You should read Google’s Privacy Policy carefully before you use any Google features.
Further information about how your data are collected and used by Google and your rights in relation to this can be found in Google's privacy policy.
6. GOOGLE MAPS
This Website uses Google Maps (
"Google Maps"
), a map service provided by Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, 4 Barrow St, Dublin, D04 E5W5, Ireland (
“Google”
) to display interactive maps.
To provide you with the maps requested, Google will collect your IP-address, which can be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google may further collect information about your usage of Google Maps. Please note that Medela does not control the collection, storage and use of any such information by Google and does not have any access to the information collected. You should read Google's privacy policy carefully before you use any Google Maps features. Google's privacy policy can be found
here
.
When you use Google Maps on our Website you agree to be bound by Google's Terms of Use, which can be found
here
.
If you do not wish Google to be able to collect any information about your use of Google Maps, you may prevent the collection of such information by disabling the Google Maps service entirely. In order to do so, you need to deactivate JavaScript within your browser settings. Please note that in this case you cannot use Google Maps at all.
7. SURVEYS AND CONTESTS
Medela may conduct surveys and contests on this Website. Unless indicated otherwise, Medela will collect, process and use your personal data revealed by you for purposes of participating in these surveys or contests only as necessary to carry out the respective survey or contest. We will inform you prior to your participation about what information we will collect and how we intend to use the information collected.
Our survey and contest forms are often generated by using Wufoo, a service operated by SurveyMonkey Inc., 101 Lytton Avenue, Palo Alto, CA 94301, USA. We have appropriate agreements in place to make sure that Wufoo will collect and process your information only on our behalf and in accordance with our instructions. Wufoo will not sell or share your information with third parties. Please read Wufoo's privacy statement for further details
here
.
8. CREATING ONE SINGLE RECORD WITH INFORMATION FROM OTHER SOURCES
In case you decide to use other services offered by us, such as by using our MyMedela Breastfeeding App or our Webshop Platform (as available under
www.medela.com
and/or other Medela websites (each including any subpages)), we may create one single record for you which combines the data we receive from you through your use of these other services with the data we receive from you through your use of the Website.
This single record helps us to better understand your needs and preferences in order to more efficiently provide you with the requested products and services, including enabling you to benefit from a more personalized experience.
We will not use such data for providing you with direct marketing communications, except where you have given your express prior consent (such as in the course of your newsletter registration). Other than as indicated in this Website Privacy & Cookie Policy, we will not use the information for any other purposes or share the information with third parties, except where expressly permitted or required by applicable law.
9. DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
9.1
Medela is operating the Website as data controller. However, to ensure the customer relationship with you is handled efficiently, and to provide you with a good customer experience, your customer relationship will be managed directly by our Local Group Company located in your country. The Local Group Company will be responsible for the related collection, processing and use of your personal data also as data controller. For instance, Medela may share your personal data with the Local Group Company where this is necessary to answer specific requests or enquiries submitted by you through our Website, to provide you with the services requested, or where otherwise necessary to handle the customer relationship with you. For these purposes, the Local Group Company will be granted with access to your personal data stored by Medela and will collect, store, process and use such personal data on local level for the above purposes.
9.2
In addition, Medela and/or the Local Group Company may use external technical service providers which are authorized to provide services on its behalf and in accordance with its instructions. These entities may have access to your personal data but only to the extent necessary to enable your use of our Website, including providing related services or handling your requests or enquiries. For instance, Medela (and/or, as applicable, the Local Group Company) may use service providers to host our Website, store your personal data, or analyze the information collected as explained in Section 2. These service providers may not disclose your personal data to any unauthorized third parties or use your personal data for any purposes other than as instructed. Some of these service providers may be located in countries outside Switzerland and the EU/EEA which may not provide for the same level of data protection as in your country of residence. However, Medela and/or, as applicable, the Local Group Company have appropriate agreements in place with these service providers to ensure that they will take all necessary measures to protect your personal data in accordance with applicable requirements. For further information about our service providers, please contact us as further explained in Section 10 below.
9.3
Other than as indicated above, we will not provide your personal data to any third party without your prior consent, unless we are compelled by law to do so.
10. STORAGE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA AND DATA SECURITY
Your data will be stored on servers in Switzerland. In addition, Medela and/or, as applicable, the Local Group Company may use cloud service providers located in countries outside Switzerland and the EU/EEA, including the United States of America (USA), to host and process your personal data for storage, communication and marketing purposes. While the laws of those countries may not provide for the same level of data protection as considered adequate in Switzerland or the EU/EEA, we have taken the necessary measures to ensure your personal data will be handled and protected appropriately and only be processed on our behalf and in accordance with our instructions.
We will treat your personal data confidential. We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures to protect your personal data against unauthorized disclosure or access, alteration, misuse, accidental or unlawful destruction or loss.
11. YOUR RIGHTS / HOW TO CONTACT US
As per the provisions of applicable local data protection law, you have the right to request information as to what data we hold about you. In addition, where appropriate, you have the right to request the correction, deletion and/or blocking of your personal data and/or to restrict and/or object to the processing of your personal data for legitimate reasons as well as the right to data portability.
You may further at any time, with effect for the future, withdraw any consent you have given. For this purpose, please make use of the opt-out mechanisms provided for the different services (please see the respective descriptions in the corresponding Sections of this Website Privacy & Cookie Policy) or, with respect to your newsletter registration, you can also contact us per email as indicated below.
In case of any questions about the collection, processing and/or use of your personal data, please email us at privacy@medela.com.
In order to exercise your rights, as mentioned above, please use our
Privacy Request Webform
. Please note that any email requests will not be processed.
12. CHANGES TO THIS WEBSITE PRIVACY & COOKIE POLICY
We reserve the right to make changes to this Website Privacy & Cookie Policy at any time with effect for the future. The then current version of this Website Privacy & Cookie Policy will be made available on the Website. While we do not intend to make changes to this policy very often, it is always a good idea to double check our most current policy statement when you visit us to be sure that you have read and agree with what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Annex: Consent declarations
To be fully transparent about its practices, Medela makes the content of consent declarations obtained through its Website available for access by its users. In the context of your use of our Website, you may have expressly given one or more of the following consent declarations:
Newsletter Registration
I agree to receiving company-specific updates, event invites, news and offers from Medela AG and/or its affiliated group companies in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy.
Cookie Consent
We would like to use cookies to analyze your usage of our website and to allow the best experience possible whenever you visit our website, including providing you with targeted advertising and personalized services which reflect your interests and preferences. Please note: By closing this banner or continuing using this website, such as by clicking on content or opening other subpages, you are giving your consent to these practices and the related processing of your personal data. You can change your cookie settings, and/or withdraw your consent, at any time. For more information or to change your cookie preferences see our Website Privacy & Cookie Policy.
You may at any time, with effect for the future, withdraw any consent you have given. For this purpose, you can make use of the unsubscribe or opt-out mechanisms provided for the different services (please see the respective description in the corresponding Sections of this Website Privacy & Cookie Policy) or, with respect to your newsletter registration, you can also send your withdrawal by email to the address specified at Section 11 of this Website Privacy & Cookie Policy.
App privacy policy
This privacy & cookie policy ("App Privacy & Cookie Policy") applies to the mobile application Medela Family App ("App") which is operated and controlled by Medela AG, Lättichstrasse 4b, 6340 Baar, Switzerland ("Medela" or "we"). This App Privacy & Cookie Policy governs the collection, processing and use of your personal data, when you use our App, and explains our practices with respect to the placement of cookies, including the types of cookies we use and how you can manage them.
This App Privacy & Cookie Policy was last revised on March 23, 2023.
1. COLLECTION, PROCESSING AND USE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
1.1 Registration & Usage of our App
In order to use our App you must register an account with us. During the registration process you will be asked to provide certain information, such as your name/nick name, email address, your baby's estimated or actual date of birth, and to choose a password. If you do not register an account, you cannot use the App.
For the registration or log in, you also have the option to authenticate yourself with your existing profile on one of the following social networks: Facebook, Apple or Google. For this purpose, you will find icons of the social networks on the registration page. Once you have clicked on the respective icon a new window will be opened on which you must log in with your login data for the specific social network. After you have successfully logged in, the social network will tell you what data (e.g. name, e-mail address, nick name, profile picture) will be transmitted to us for authentication. If you have given your consent, the respective data will be transmitted to us. No further communication will occur between the account you created with us and your social network account, other than the authentication process. To achieve the authentication process, your IP address is transmitted to the providers of the social network. We have no influence on the purpose and scope of the data collection or on the further processing of the data by the social network providers. For more information, please read the privacy policy of the social network provider.
As part of the registration, we may ask you for further (optional) information, such as your breast pump situation to personalize the content of our App according to your needs and interests. The registration process takes place via a protected server connection to Medela. Unless indicated otherwise in this App Privacy & Cookie Policy (in particular Sections 1.2, 1.3 and 1.4), we will use the personal data you provide only as indicated in this App Privacy & Cookie Policy and to manage your account with us, store and collate your information on our servers (as necessary for the provision of our services), and to offer the functionalities and services requested.
During the registration process we will ask for your consent to use your personal data for marketing purposes in order to provide you with updates about services, products and events of Medela and its affiliated group companies. We may also invite you to participate in surveys we performed. After you provide consent and based upon your region, you may receive a confirmation email which contains a link that you need to click on to confirm your consent. This double-opt-in procedure helps us to ensure the identification of the email-account holder.
Your personal data will not be shared with any third party or used for any purpose other than indicated in this App Privacy & Cookie Policy, unless you have given express prior consent.
By installing/starting our App and registering your account with us, you consent to Medela placing cookies on your device, which are used for certain anonymized analysis by collecting and processing statistical information, such as user behavior, browsing patterns, average time period of use, and areas of interest. We collect and process this information to understand how our customers use our App, and to assess trends, statistics and our customers' needs, which help us improve our App and to better serve our customers, which includes providing you with a more personalized App experience and targeted offers. Please see Sections 2, 2.4 and 2.5 below for a detailed description of the cookies and/or analytic tools we use for this purpose and your rights to opt-out. If you do not agree with the above practices and would like to fully avoid any tracking and collection of your information, even in anonymized form, please do not install the App on your device(s).
1.2 Use of our App's Features
Our App offers different features where you can voluntarily decide to share further information with us. Such information includes personal data concerning both baby (e.g., name, picture, date of birth) and mother (e.g., expectations/experiences with breast feeding and pumping or expected education/job return date). Our App further enables you to track and monitor prenatal activities, such as contraction information, but also postnatal activities, such as your breastfeeding, pumping and bottle-feeding sessions, breast milk management as well as your baby's weight, height, sleep, diaper changes and any further notes. Further, our App enables you to connect with our connected pumps to easily track and log session times, settings used, and record breast milk expressed, to receive reminder messages that keep you on track and notify you when your pump battery is low and to access live lactation support (if this is available in your market). You can also complete questionnaires to measure your breastfeeding success and in order to personalize your user experience with our App, the possibility to register your pump and get free access to the VIP pack (if this is available in your market), to find a store near you to buy our products and to provide feedback regarding the App. In addition, you can use our chatbot functionality and get technical support, product recommendations and breastfeeding support. Finally, you can also ask questions and share knowledge with one another on our “Mums Community” platform (“Community”). We do not request or process any personal data for the Community. However, by participating in our Community you can voluntarily disclose such data to Medela. By accepting our rules and entering such personal data you consent to the processing of such data by Medela. You can withdraw your consent at any time by deleting the respective data or by deleting the App. This will not affect the lawfulness of the data processing according to your consent given prior to the withdrawal.
For Android users only: When you connect our App with a Bluetooth enabled Medela pump, the operating system requires access to the location (GPS) of the device. However, Medela does not store or use your location data at any time. Not allowing the location permission leads to problems with the connection of the pump.
Unless you have given your explicit consent, and unless indicated otherwise in this App Privacy & Cookie Policy, we will store, process and use such information only as necessary to enable your use of our functionalities and services, including to provide you with personalized content, educational information, helpful tips based on your unique data and progress in the App as well as the possibility to send us your feedback about the App.
You may determine your areas of interest and/or alter your choices by changing your personalization settings in the App (Tools Menu → Tests → Content Personalization) at any time. If you do not wish to receive any personalized content or services at all, you are free not to provide any personal information (and should abstain from completing the personalization questions in the App).
You may further change your personal notification settings in the App (More → General App Settings → Notifications) at any time.
To enable you to upload a picture of your baby, our App will ask for the permission to access your camera/pictures. We will not use the permission granted other than as necessary for this purpose.
Other than as explained above, we will further use any personal data we receive only in anonymized form (i.e., in a non-personally identifiable form which does not allow for any conclusions as to your identity) for statistical purposes and for internal evaluation to improve our products and services. Your personal data will not be processed for other purposes or beyond the scope of this Privacy Policy, except where expressly permitted or required by applicable law.
1.3 Processing of sensitive personal data
Generally, we do not request or process any sensitive personal data (e.g., health information, genetic/biometric data). However, by using our App you can voluntarily disclose such data (e.g. contraction information, baby's weight/height) to Medela. By registering an account with us and by entering such sensitive personal data you explicitly consent to the processing of such data by Medela. You can withdraw your consent at any time by deleting the respective data or deleting the App. This would not affect the lawfulness of the data processing according to your consent given prior to the withdrawal.
1.4 Creating one Single Record with Information from other Sources
In case you decide to use other services offered by us, such as where you register for Medela Family through the Website, which provides you with free access to additional educational information and direct marketing communications about our products and services, we may create one single record for you which combines the data we receive from you through your use of these other services with the data we receive from you through your use of the App. By registering your account with us in the App you are automatically registered for the entire Medela Family Program. You can opt-out from individual Medela Family services at any time by changing the settings in your profile.
This single record helps us to better understand your needs and preferences in order to more efficiently provide you with the requested products and services, including enabling you to benefit from a more personalized experience.
Other than as indicated in this App Privacy & Cookie Policy, we will not use the information for any other purposes or share the information with third parties, except where expressly permitted or required by applicable law.
2. COOKIES, TRACKING AND ANALYTIC TOOLS
2.1 Essential Cookies
Cookies are small text files that our App asks to place on your tablet, smartphone or other device. If your device is set to accept cookies, then the text will be added in a small file thereon.
Except as indicated otherwise in this App Privacy & Cookie Policy, the cookies used by us are essential for the functioning and performance of our App, such as by making our App work more efficiently and facilitating your use of the functionalities and services provided. These functionality and/or performance cookies will be deleted from your device after two (2) weeks of not using our App. We will not use the information stored in essential cookies for any other purpose than as strictly necessary to provide you with the services and functionalities requested.
2.2 Consent to Placement of Non-Essential Cookies and Use of Analytic Tools
When you install/start our App and register your account with us, you consent to Medela placing additional cookies on your device and/or to Medela’s use of certain tracking and analytic tools. These cookies and tools will not be strictly necessary to ensure the functioning and performance of our App but will help us to collect some non-personalized information relating to your App usage behavior in order to improve our App offering and services and/or to provide you with more personalized information and services, including providing you with targeted offers through our App (see also below Sections 2.4 and 2.5 for an explanation of certain tracking and analysis tools we use).
You have the right to withdraw your consent and/or to individually opt-out from the placement of cookies and/or any collection of your information for the different purposes through the tracking and analytic tools at any time with effect for the future. For this purpose, please follow the instructions outlined in the sections below. To completely withdraw your consent and to avoid any tracking and collection of your information, please delete the App from your device(s).
2.3 Managing your Cookie Settings
Most mobile devices are initially set to accept cookies. If you prefer, you can change your settings to generally refuse cookies, to delete cookies that have already been placed on your device, or to warn you before a cookie is placed. Please refer to your device instructions or to www.allaboutcookies.org to learn more about how to adjust or modify your mobile device settings.
If you choose not to accept cookies, this may impair the usability of the App and you may not be able to take advantage of some of our features and services offered.
If you use different mobile devices to access our App (e.g., smartphone, tablet, etc.) you will need to ensure that the settings on each device are adjusted to reflect your cookie preferences.
2.4 Use of Google Mobile App Analytics
This App uses Google Mobile App Analytics ("Google Analytics"), a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (USA) and Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, 4 Barrow St, Dublin, D04 E5W5, Ireland (for EU) ("Google"). Google Analytics may use certain tracking technologies to help us analyze how users use our App, including the number of active users and user behavior (e.g., average time period of use, returning users, screen views per month, top articles). As a rule, any information generated about your use of our App will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the USA. Since this App has implemented the IP-anonymization functionality offered by Google, your IP address will, before being transferred to the USA, be shortened by Google within the Member States of the European Union or in other contractual states of the Treaty on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases your full IP address will be transferred to a server of Google in the USA and be shortened there.
Google will use this information as our commissioned data processor to help us evaluate the use of our App, to compile reports on App activity and to provide other statistical and analytical services relating to usage of our App. The IP address transmitted by your mobile device within the framework of Google Analytics will not be associated with any other data held by Google.
If you do not wish to be tracked by Google Analytics you can opt-out at any time by deleting the App from your mobile device.
For an overview of privacy at Google, please click
here.
2.5 Use of App Analytic Tools
Medela further uses certain app analytic tools and services to gather aggregated and anonymized statistical information about the usage of our App.
We use iTunes Connect App Analytics provided by Apple, Inc. ("Apple"). This tool collects anonymized and aggregated data from app users on mobile Apple devices using iOS. iTunes Connect App Analytics provides us with metric App usage data, such as the total number of times the App has been installed, the number of times the app has been used, and the number of active sessions within a specific period.
We further use similar analytics and statistics services provided by Google Inc. (USA) and Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, 4 Barrow St, Dublin, D04 E5W5, Ireland (for the EU) ("Google") through the Google Play Developer Console and/or Google Firebase Console. The information we receive only includes aggregated and anonymized statistical information from app users on Android devices, such as install and upgrade numbers, crash numbers, information about a crash, user ratings, acquisition channels, and visitor regions.
If the respective feature is enabled on your device, Apple or Google (respectively) will collect, process and use such information to help us evaluate the use of our App, to compile reports on App activity and to provide other statistical and analytical services relating to the usage of our App.
We only receive the above information if you have opted-in to share your data with third-party providers on your mobile device. You can make and alter your choice (opt-in or opt-out) at any time in the settings menu of your device (for iOS devices see: Settings → Privacy → Diagnostics & Usage; for Android devices see Settings → User and backup → Google → More → Usage & diagnostics).
3. DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Medela is responsible for operating the App as data controller. However, to ensure the customer relationship with you is handled efficiently, and to provide you with a good customer experience, your customer relationship may be managed on local level also by the Local Group Company, which is our affiliated group company responsible for your country. Apart from that, our affiliated group companies may only receive anonymized statistical reports and other analytical data on App usage and activity which will not contain any personally identifiable information.
In addition, Medela and/or the Local Group Company may use external technical service providers which are authorized to provide services on its behalf and in accordance with its instructions. These entities may have access to your personal data but only to the extent necessary to enable your use of our App, including providing related services or handling your requests or enquiries. For instance, Medela (and/or, as applicable, the Local Group Company) may use service providers to develop and/or host the App, to store your data, to enable the chatbot functionality, to enable sharing functionality via Social Media, to manage the customer relationship, to simplify the authentication process, to provide marketing related communications about our products and services, to process your rental request, to give voice commands supported by Siri (iOS) and Google Assistant (Android) or analyze the information collected as explained in this policy. These service providers may not disclose your personal data to any unauthorized third parties or use your personal data for any purposes other than as instructed. Some of these service providers may be located in countries outside Switzerland and the EU/EEA which may not provide for the same level of data protection as in your country of residence. However, Medela and/or, as applicable, the Local Group Company have appropriate agreements in place with these service providers to ensure that they will take all necessary measures to protect your personal data in accordance with applicable requirements. For further information about our service providers, please contact us as further explained in the Section, Your Rights and How to Contact Us.
We may provide your personal data to third parties to process transactions (e.g., address validation, shipping, tax calculation).
By participating in our Community and publishing your personal data, your personal data can be viewed by the public.
Other than as indicated above, we will not provide your personal data to any third party without your prior consent, unless we are compelled by law to do so.
4. STORAGE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA AND DATA SECURITY
Your data will be stored on servers in Ireland and the Netherlands. USA and Canadian user data will be stored in the USA, additionally. Furthermore, Medela and/or, as applicable, the Local Group Company may use cloud service providers located in countries outside Switzerland and the EU/EEA, including the USA, to host and process your personal data for storage, communication, support and marketing purposes. While the laws of those countries may not provide for the same level of data protection as considered adequate in Switzerland or the EU/EEA, we have taken the necessary measures to ensure your personal data will be handled and protected appropriately and only be processed on our behalf and in accordance with our instructions.
All your personal data will be irreversibly and automatically deleted after one year of inactivity (not using the App). Personal data of USA and Canadian residents will be deleted after three years of inactivity.
Any publication on our Community allows access to your personal data from anywhere in the world. This means that countries that do not guarantee the same level of data protection as your country of residence might, can also access the data.
We reserve the right to delete all your personal data irreversibly and automatically after one year of inactivity (not using the App). You can delete all your personal data upon your request (go to “more”  “mom profile”  “delete account”). Personal data of USA and Canadian residents will be deleted after three years of inactivity or upon your request. This deletion schedule is not applicable for any publication in our Community. Personal data published in the Community will be stored until you delete it.
We will treat your personal data confidentially. We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures to protect your personal data against unauthorized disclosure, access, alteration, misuse, accidental or unlawful destruction or loss.
5. HIPAA NOTICE OF PRIVACY POLICY FOR PROTECTED HEALTH INFORMATION
To the extent that you may disclose “protected health information” as defined under U.S. law while accessing or using our App, please refer to our
HIPAA Privacy Policy and Notice of Privacy Practices
to understand your rights and how we may use and disclose your protected health information.
6. CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
Medela’s
Privacy Notice for California Residents
supplements the information contained in this App Privacy & Cookie Policy and applies solely to visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California, USA.
7. YOUR RIGHTS / HOW TO CONTACT US
You may have rights pursuant to your local data protection and privacy laws to request that we disclose to you all personal data that we have about you, request the correction, deletion and/or blocking of your personal data, object to the processing of your personal data for legitimate reasons, or request an electronic copy of your personal data for purposes of transmitting it to another company (data portability).
You may further at any time, with effect for the future, withdraw any consent you may have given by deleting the App from your device(s) and requesting a deletion by email to the email address identified below.
In case of any questions about the collection, processing and/or use of your personal data or to exercise your rights please send us an email at
privacy@medela.com
.
USA residents: In order to exercise your rights to delete or know what information we have collected about you, please complete the
Privacy Request Form
and return the completed form to us by email at
privacy.us@medela.com
.
Nevada residents: Without limiting the foregoing, Nevada law may allow you to specifically direct us not to sell your covered information to third parties. If you are a Nevada resident, you may submit such opt-out requests by email at
privacy.us@medela.com
. To be effective, your request must include your full name, address and email address so that we may attempt to verify the authenticity of your request.
8. CHANGES TO THIS APP PRIVACY & COOKIE POLICY
We reserve the right to make changes to this App Privacy & Cookie Policy at any time with effect for the future. The then current version of this App Privacy & Cookie Policy will be made available within the App. While we do not intend to make changes to this policy very often, it is always a good idea to double check our most current policy statement when you visit us to be sure that you have read and agree with what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Healthcare Privacy & Cookie Policy
Medela's Healthcare Privacy & Cookie Policy governs the collection, processing and use of your personal data, when you visit and/or interact with our website.
Medela's Healthcare Privacy & Cookie Policy governs the collection, processing and use of your personal data, when you visit and/or interact with our Website.
This Healthcare Website Privacy & Cookie Policy ("Healthcare Website Privacy & Cookie Policy") applies to the Website www.medelahealthcare.com and/or other Medela Websites (each including any subpages) ("Website") which are operated by Medela AG, Lättichstrasse 4b, 6340 Baar, Switzerland ("Medela" or "we"). Other websites connected directly or indirectly with our Website, e.g., by hyperlinks, do not fall within the scope of this Healthcare Website Privacy & Cookie Policy, whether or not they are operated by Medela, an affiliated group company or partner.
This Healthcare Website Privacy & Cookie Policy governs the collection, processing and use of your personal data, when you visit and/or interact with our Website, and explains our practices with respect to the placement of cookies, including the types of cookies we use and how you can manage them.
Healthcare Website Privacy & Cookie Policy last revised on July 01, 2023
1. Collection, Processing and Use of Your Personal Data
1.1 Anonymous Usage of our Website
You are welcome to visit our Website while remaining anonymous and without revealing any of your personal data. However, when you first visit our Website we will ask for your consent to place cookies on your device and to track your Website usage behaviour. This helps us to better understand how our customers use our Website and to improve our Website offering and services, which includes providing you with a more personalized Website experience and targeted offers. Please see Sections 2.2, 2.4, 2.5 and 2.6 below for a detailed description of the cookies and Website analysis tools we use for this purpose and your rights to change your choices.
If you do not agree with the above practices and wish to remain fully anonymous, you can indicate not to provide your consent, or withdraw your consent with effect for the future, by using the opt-out mechanisms available (see Sections 2.2, 2.4, 2.5 and 2.6 below). In this case, we will only collect certain anonymous information which does not directly relate to your person. For example, we may collect the number of visitors to our Website, browsing patterns and areas of interest. We analyse this information to understand how our customers use our Website, and to assess trends, statistics and our customers’ needs, which help us to improve our Website and to better serve our customers.
Other than as indicated above, we will only collect your personal data if you voluntarily decide to share such information with us, such as by sending an enquiry (via our contact form) or requesting a specific service. Unless you have provided your explicit consent, and unless indicated otherwise in this Website Privacy Policy, we will use the personal data that you have shared with us only as necessary for enabling your use of our Website, including handling your requests and providing the requested services. Apart from that, we may use any personal data we receive only in anonymized form (i.e., in a non-personally identifiable form which does not allow for any conclusions as to your identity) for statistical purposes and for internal evaluation how to improve our products and services. Your data will not be processed for other purposes or beyond the scope of this Website Privacy Policy, except where expressly permitted or required by applicable law.
1.2 Using our Contact Form
We collect the personal data you voluntarily disclose when you contact us through the contact form on our Website, for example, if you send us an enquiry or file a specific request with our customer service and support. Unless indicated otherwise in this Healthcare Website Privacy & Cookie Policy, your data will not be used without your consent other than to handle your request/enquiry, e.g., to provide you with the service information you asked for, and not be used for any other purpose, unless expressly permitted or required by applicable law.
Your request/enquiry will be handled by Medela or, as necessary, by one of our local affiliated group companies or authorised distributor responsible for handling the topics addressed in your request/enquiry for your jurisdiction.
2. Cookies
2.1 Essential cookies
Cookies are small text files that our Website asks to place on your computer or other internet enabled devices, such as tablets or smartphones. If your browser is set to accept cookies, then your browser adds the text in a small file.
Except as indicated otherwise in this Healthcare Website Privacy & Cookie Policy, the cookies used by us are essential for the functioning and performance of our Website, such as by making our Website work more efficiently and facilitating your use of the functionalities and services provided. We will not use the information stored in essential cookies for any other purpose than as strictly necessary to provide you with the services and functionalities requested.
2.2 Cookie Banner & Personalised Tracking
When you access our Website, we will ask for your consent to place additional cookies on your device by displaying a cookie banner ("Cookie Consent"). These cookies will not be strictly necessary for the functioning and performance of our Website but will help us to collect some of your personal data relating to your Website usage behaviour in order to improve our Website offering and services and/or to provide you with more personalised information and services, including targeted offers (see below Sections 2.4, 2.5 and 2.6 for the corresponding cookies placed for Website analysis and remarketing purposes). The cookie banner informs you about the main purposes of the additional cookies and provides you with information about your choices and where you may access further information. Your continued use of our Website after having been displayed with the cookie banner will signify your consent to the described practices.
The wording of the Cookie Consent declaration can be viewed at the bottom of this Healthcare Website Privacy & Cookie Policy. We explain the categories of non-essential cookies that may be placed on your device and their respective purposes in the context of the different services further below (see Sections 2.4, 2.5 and 2.6). At all times, you have the right to withdraw your Cookie Consent and individually opt-out from the placement of cookies and any collection of your information for the different purposes at any time with effect for the future, as further explained in the respective Sections 2.3, 2.4, 2.5 and 2.6 below.
Click here
to find out how Google uses information from sites or apps that use Google's services.
2.3 Managing your cookie settings
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you prefer, you can change your settings to generally refuse cookies, to delete cookies that have already been placed on your device, or to warn you before a cookie is placed. Please refer to your browser instructions or to www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org to learn more about how to adjust or modify your browser settings.
If you choose not to accept cookies, this may impair the usability of the Website and you may not be able to take advantage of some of our features and services offered.
If you use different devices to access our Website (e.g., smartphone, tablet, computer, etc.) you will need to ensure that each browser on each device is adjusted to reflect your cookie preferences.
2.4 Use of Google Universal Analytics
This Website uses Google Universal Analytics ("Google Analytics"), a web analytics service provided by Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, 4 Barrow St, Dublin, D04 E5W5, Irland (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies to help us analyse how users use our Website, including the number of visitors to our Website, the Websites our visitors have come from, and the pages they visit. This information is used by us to improve our Website offer and services. As a rule, any information generated by the cookie about your use of our Website will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.
Google will use this information as our commissioned data processor to help us evaluate the use of our Website, to compile reports on Website activity and to provide other statistical and analytical services relating to usage of our Website. The IP address transmitted by your browser within the framework of Google Analytics will not be associated with any other data held by Google.
You may prevent the collection of data generated by the cookie about your use of this Website (including your IP address) and opt-out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all Websites by downloading and installing a browser-plugin which is available
here
.
In this case, an opt-out cookie will be placed on your browser that prevents any further tracking of your use of this Website by Google Analytics. Please remember that you will have to opt-out again if you delete all cookies stored on your device. You will also have to opt-out for each device you use to visit our Website.
For an overview of privacy at Google, please click
here
.
2.5 Pardot
This Website tracks visitor and prospect activities by using Pardot cookies which are placed in your browsers. The visitor cookie is composed of a unique visitor ID and the unique identifier for your account. This cookie is set for visitors by the Pardot tracking code. If you register your e-mail address on this Website (e.g. contact form, downloads) another Pardot cookie will remember your e-mail address and will match your e-mail address with your past and future activities (before and after e.g. submitting a form) based on your visitor ID. If you do not click "accept" in the cookie banner, the latter Pardot cookie will not be placed. Furthermore, you can withdraw your consent at any time, by deleting the cookies in your browsers.
2.6 CrazyEgg
We use CrazyEgg in order to better understand our users’ needs and to optimize our service and experience. CrazyEgg is a technology service that helps us better understand our users experience (e.g. how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don’t like, etc.) and this enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback. CrazyEgg uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users’ behavior and their devices (in particular device's IP address (captured and stored only in anonymized form), mouse scrolls, clicks on our Websites, keystrokes entered on our Website, viewed pages incl. duration, browser information, geographic location (country only), preferred language used to display our website). CrazyEgg has a technology in place to stop any recording of personal data (e.g. when filling out a contact form). For further details, please see CrazyEgg’s privacy policy by clicking on this
link
.
You can opt-out of CrazyEgg storing data about your usage of our Website by following
CrazyEgg's opt-out instructions
.
2.7 Other Third-Party Cookies
Some content or applications, including advertisements, on the Website may be served by unaffiliated third parties. These may place cookies on your device for their own purposes. We do not control these third parties' tracking technologies or how they may be used.
You may prevent the placement of and tracking by such third-party cookies by adjusting or modifying your browser settings accordingly. For further information, please refer to your browser instructions.
3. YouTube
This Website also embeds videos provided by YouTube LLC (“YouTube”). Using YouTube’s offering requires a connection to be established to YouTube’s servers in the US. During this process, certain information is transmitted to YouTube. For all YouTube videos embedded in our Website we have enabled the Privacy-enhanced mode offered by YouTube. This means that YouTube stores information about a visitor to our Website only if he or she chooses to play an embedded video. Medela does not control the collection, storage and use of any of your information by YouTube and does not have access to any information collected. You should read YouTube’s Privacy Policy carefully before you use any YouTube features.
Further information about how your data are collected and used by YouTube and your rights in relation to this can be found in YouTube's privacy policy at
www.youtube.com.
4. Google Maps
This Website uses Google Maps ("Google Maps"), a map service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”) to display interactive maps.
To provide you with the maps requested, Google will collect your IP-address, which can be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google may further collect information about your usage of Google Maps. Please note that Medela does not control the collection, storage and use of any such information by Google and does not have any access to the information collected. You should read Google's privacy policy carefully before you use any Google Maps features. Google's privacy policy can be found here.
When you use Google Maps on our Website you agree to be bound by Google's Terms of Use, which can be found here.
If you do not wish Google to be able to collect any information about your use of Google Maps, you may prevent the collection of such information by disabling the Google Maps service entirely. In order to do so, you need to deactivate JavaScript within your browser settings. Please note that in this case you cannot use Google Maps at all.
5. Disclosure of your Personal Data
5.1
Medela is operating the Website as data controller. However, to ensure the customer relationship with you is handled efficiently, and to provide you with a good customer experience, your customer relationship will be managed directly by our Local Group Company or by an authorised distributor located in your country. The Local Group Company or the distributor will be responsible for the related processing and use of your personal data. For instance, Medela may share your personal data with the Local Group Company or the distributor where this is necessary to answer specific requests or enquiries submitted by you through our Website, to provide you with the services requested, or where otherwise necessary to handle the customer relationship with you. For these purposes, the Local Group Company or the distributor will be granted with access to your personal data stored by Medela and will collect, store, process and use such personal data on local level for the above purposes. Some of these distributors may be located in countries outside Switzerland and the EU/EEA which may not provide for the same level of data protection as in your country of residence. However, Medela has appropriate agreements in place with these distributors to ensure that they will take all necessary measures to protect your personal data in accordance with applicable requirements. For further information about our distributors, please contact us as further explained in Section 7 below.
5.2
In addition, Medela and/or the Local Group Company may use external technical service providers which are authorized to provide services on its behalf and in accordance with its instructions. These entities may have access to your personal data but only to the extent necessary to enable your use of our Website, including providing related services or handling your requests or enquiries. For instance, Medela (and/or, as applicable, the Local Group Company) may use service providers to host our Website, store your personal data, or analyse the information collected as explained in Section 2. These service providers may not disclose your personal data to any unauthorized third parties or use your personal data for any purposes other than as instructed. Some of these service providers may be located in countries outside Switzerland and the EU/EEA which may not provide for the same level of data protection as in your country of residence. However, Medela and/or, as applicable, the Local Group Company have appropriate agreements in place with these service providers to ensure that they will take all necessary measures to protect your personal data in accordance with applicable requirements. For further information about our service providers, please contact us as further explained in Section 7 below.
5.3
Other than as indicated above, we will not provide your personal data to any third party without your prior consent, unless we are compelled by law to do so.
6. Storage of your Personal Data and Data Security
Your data will be stored on servers in Switzerland. In addition, Medela and/or, as applicable, the Local Group Company or the authorised distributor may use cloud service providers located in countries outside Switzerland and the EU/EEA, including the United States of America (USA), to host and process your personal data for storage, communication and marketing purposes. While the laws of those countries may not provide for the same level of data protection as considered adequate in Switzerland or the EU/EEA, we have taken the necessary measures to ensure your personal data will be handled and protected appropriately and only be processed on our behalf and in accordance with our instructions.
We will treat your personal data confidential. We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures to protect your personal data against unauthorized disclosure or access, alteration, misuse, accidental or unlawful destruction or loss.
7. Your Rights / How to Contact Us
As per the provisions of applicable local data protection law, you have the right to request information as to what data we hold about you. In addition, where appropriate, you have the right to request the correction, deletion and/or blocking of your personal data and/or to restrict and/or object to the processing of your personal data for legitimate reasons as well as the right to data portability.
You may further at any time, with effect for the future, withdraw any consent you have given. For this purpose, please make use of the opt-out mechanisms provided for the different services (please see the respective descriptions in the corresponding Sections of this Healthcare Website Privacy & Cookie Policy) or you can also contact us as indicated below.
In case of any questions about the collection, processing and/or use of your personal data , please email us at
privacy@medela.com
.
In order to exercise your rights, as mentioned above, please use our
Privacy Request Webform
. Please note that any email requests will not be processed.
8. Changes to this Healthcare Website Privacy & Cookie Policy
We reserve the right to make changes to this Healthcare Website Privacy & Cookie Policy at any time with effect for the future. The then current version of this Healthcare Website Privacy & Cookie Policy will be made available on the Website. While we do not intend to make changes to this policy very often, it is always a good idea to double check our most current policy statement when you visit us to be sure that you have read and agree with what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Annex: Consent declarations
To be fully transparent about its practices, Medela makes the content of consent declarations obtained through its Website available for access by its users. In the context of your use of our Website, you may have expressly given one or more of the following consent declarations:
Cookie Consent
We use cookies to analyze our traffic and to allow the best experience possible. We also share information about your use of our site with analytics partners. Please click "accept" to consent to the use of such cookies. Without your consent, only the essential and functional cookies will be installed, which are necessary to display our website correctly.
NPWT App Privacy & Cookie Policy
NPWT App Privacy & Cookie Policy
This Privacy & Cookie Policy ("NPWT App Privacy & Cookie Policy") applies to the mobile application NPWT App ("App") which is operated by Medela AG, Lättichstrasse 4b, 6340 Baar, Switzerland ("Medela" or "we").
This NPWT App Privacy & Cookie Policy governs the collection, processing and use of your personal data, when you use our App, and explains our practices with respect to the placement of cookies, including the types of cookies we use and how you can manage them.
The processing of personal data, such as the name, address, e-mail address, or telephone number of a data subject shall always be in line with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and in accordance with the country-specific data protection regulations applicable to the App. By means of this NPWT App Privacy & Cookie Policy, Medela would like to inform the App users of the nature, scope, and purpose of the personal data we collect, use and process. Furthermore, data subjects are informed, by means of this data protection declaration, of the rights to which they are entitled.
Medela built this App as a free app. It is provided by Medela at no cost and is intended for use as is.
If you choose to use this App, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this NPWT App Privacy & Cookie Policy. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this NPWT App Privacy & Cookie Policy.
This App does not collect any personal data. However, it has implemented Google Analytics for Firebase. What this means is described below:
Google Analytics for Firebase (Google Inc.)
Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your device, to allow us to analyze how users use the App. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this App is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. However, IP anonymisation is activated. Therefore, Google will reduce your IP address within Member States of the European Union or in other states party to the Agreement on the European Economic Area beforehand. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transmitted to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. The IP address transmitted by your browser in the context of Google Analytics is not merged with other Google data.
Google will use this information as our commissioned data processor to help us evaluate the use of our App, to compile reports on App activity and to provide other statistical and analytical services relating to usage of our App. The IP address transmitted by your mobile device within the framework of Google Analytics will not be associated with any other data held by Google. Our legitimate interest in data processing also lies in these purposes. The legal basis for the use of Google Analytics is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. Sessions and campaigns are terminated after a certain period of time. By default, sessions are closed after 30 minutes without activity and campaigns after six months. The time limit for campaigns may not exceed two years. For more information on terms of use and data protection, please visit
www.firebase.google.com/terms/data-processing-terms
.
We reserve the right to make changes to this NPWT App Privacy & Cookie Policy at any time with effect for the future. The then current version of this NPWT App Privacy & Cookie Policy will be made available within the App Store/ Google Play. While we do not intend to make changes to this policy very often, it is always a good idea to double check our most current policy statement when you visit us to be sure that you have read and agree with what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it.
NPWT App Privacy & Cookie Policy last revised in June 2018.
Thopaz
+
Simulator App Privacy & Cookie Policy
Thopaz+ Simulator App Privacy & Cookie Policy
This Privacy & Cookie Policy ("Thopaz
+
Simulator App Privacy & Cookie Policy") applies to the mobile application Thopaz
+
Simulator App ("App") which is operated by Medela AG, Lättichstrasse 4b, 6340 Baar, Switzerland ("Medela" or "we").
This Thopaz
+
Simulator App Privacy & Cookie Policy governs the collection, processing and use of your personal data, when you use our App, and explains our practices with respect to the placement of cookies, including the types of cookies we use and how you can manage them.
The processing of personal data, such as the name, address, e-mail address, or telephone number of a data subject shall always be in line with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and in accordance with the country-specific data protection regulations applicable to the App. By means of this Thopaz
+
Simulator App Privacy & Cookie Policy, Medela would like to inform the App users of the nature, scope, and purpose of the personal data we collect, use and process. Furthermore, data subjects are informed, by means of this data protection declaration, of the rights to which they are entitled.
Medela built this App as a free app. It is provided by Medela at no cost and is intended for use as is.
If you choose to use this App, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this Thopaz
+
Simulator App Privacy & Cookie Policy. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Thopaz
+
Simulator App Privacy & Cookie Policy.
This App does not collect any personal data. However, it has implemented Google Analytics for Firebase. What this means is described below:
Google Analytics for Firebase (Google Inc.)
Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your device, to allow us to analyze how users use the App. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this App is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. However, IP anonymisation is activated. Therefore, Google will reduce your IP address within Member States of the European Union or in other states party to the Agreement on the European Economic Area beforehand. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transmitted to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. The IP address transmitted by your browser in the context of Google Analytics is not merged with other Google data.
Google will use this information as our commissioned data processor to help us evaluate the use of our App, to compile reports on App activity and to provide other statistical and analytical services relating to usage of our App. The IP address transmitted by your mobile device within the framework of Google Analytics will not be associated with any other data held by Google. Our legitimate interest in data processing also lies in these purposes. The legal basis for the use of Google Analytics is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. Sessions and campaigns are terminated after a certain period of time. By default, sessions are closed after 30 minutes without activity and campaigns after six months. The time limit for campaigns may not exceed two years. For more information on terms of use and data protection, please visit
www.firebase.google.com/terms/data-processing-terms
.
We reserve the right to make changes to this Thopaz
+
Simulator App Privacy & Cookie Policy at any time with effect for the future. The then current version of this Thopaz
+
Simulator App Privacy & Cookie Policy will be made available within the App. While we do not intend to make changes to this policy very often, it is always a good idea to double check our most current policy statement when you visit us to be sure that you have read and agree with what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Thopaz
+
Simulator App Privacy & Cookie Policy last revised in June 2023.
This Medela website uses cookies. Some cookies are necessary to run the website, others are optional and allow us to anonymously measure website usage; improve your browsing experience; and provide you with personalized advertising and social media content. In some cases, this is done with the help of partners.
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Manual Cookie Selection
Accept Cookies
Manual Cookie Selection
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. 

Please note: Blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will then not work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Analytics Cookies
These cookies allow us to collect information such as number of page visits and traffic sources. All information collected is aggregated and anonymous. This helps to monitor website performance.
Marketing Cookies
Social Media Cookies
Switch Label
label
These cookies are set by our social media partners and may be used to show you more relevant advertising and enable sharing our content with your friends and networks. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.
Targeting Cookies
Switch Label
label
These cookies are set by our advertising partners and may be used to show you more relevant advertising. If you do not allow these cookies, you will be shown less relevant advertising.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://privacyportal-de.onetrust.com/webform/a9988352-02c8-4523-b30a-e679764078d4/19553bfc-fc0d-494d-9bf7-0dfb1c6ca1a8:
This form is used to exercise your privacy rights in accordance with applicable law and regulations and
Medela Privacy Policy
. Medela reserves the right to refuse requests, in part or in whole, to the extent permitted by law, if we are unable to verify your identity, or if we cannot verify your authority to act on behalf of another person.
We would like to remind you that this form is strictly for privacy related requests.
General customer service questions will not be answered if submitted through this form.
If your question is not related to privacy, please submit your question
here
.
Country of residence
Enter country of residence
*
I want to exercise my right to:
Required
Request for correcting/completing my data
Request for data portability
Request for deleting my data
Request for information
Request for objecting the processing of my data/withdraw my consent
Request for obtaining a copy of my data
Request for restricting the processing of my data
Submit
Enter country of residence
To ask for modifications to their personal data in case the data subject believes that this personal data is not up to date or accurate.
To ask for transfer of personal data to data subject or to transfer to another controller. Data will be provided or transferred in a machine-readable electronic format.
Known as “right to be forgotten”, the right to ask for the deletion of personal data. Note that this is not an absolute right and is contingent on retention schedule/period in line with applicable laws.
To ask what personal data is being processed and the rationale for such processing.
To object to the processing of their personal data. To ask that personal data should not be processed for certain purposes.
To see or view their own personal data, as well as to request copies of the personal data.
To restrict the processing of their personal data for certain purposes.
Sub-policy 1
https://www.medela.us/medela-us/breastfeeding/hipaa-privacy-policy:
Welcome to Medela
We believe in
turning science into care.
Offering solutions based on deep insights into research and nature.
Listening to real needs.
For the benefit of mothers, patients and healthcare professionals.
Accessible Responsive Video Carousel
❮
Your browser does not support the video tag.
Your browser does not support the video tag.
Your browser does not support the video tag.
Your browser does not support the video tag.
❯
This is a popup overlay.
Close
How we turn Science into Care
We got you, Mama
Breastfeeding solutions, not just products.
Find out more
Supporting you supporting moms
Our service for lactation professionals
Find out more
Trusted medical vacuum solutions
Digital drainage and surgical suction
Find out more
We got you, Mama
Breastfeeding solutions, not just products.
Find out more
Supporting you supporting moms
Our service for lactation professionals
Find out more
Trusted medical vacuum solutions
Digital drainage and surgical suction
Find out more
We got you, Mama
Breastfeeding solutions, not just products.
Find out more
Supporting you supporting moms
Our service for lactation professionals
Find out more
Trusted medical vacuum solutions
Digital drainage and surgical suction
Find out more
We got you, Mama
Breastfeeding solutions, not just products.
Find out more
Supporting you supporting moms
Our service for lactation professionals
Find out more
Trusted medical vacuum solutions
Digital drainage and surgical suction
Find out more
The Science of Care
Over the last 60 years, our company has been devoted to the science of making the most delicate form of care simple, intuitive, and effective.
Find out more
Get the app!
The Medela Family app helps you to keep track of your baby’s needs from pregnancy to nursery.
Pregnancy
Breastfeeding
Pumping
​
For the best experience, we advise you to visit your local Medela site.
It looks like you are currently located in
Global
.
You are currently viewing Medela’s
United States
website.
Please choose:
This Medela website uses cookies. Some cookies are necessary to run the website, others are optional and allow us to anonymously measure website usage; improve your browsing experience; and provide you with personalized advertising and social media content. In some cases, this is done with the help of partners.
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Manual Cookie Selection
Accept Cookies
Manual Cookie Selection
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. 

Please note: Blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will then not work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Analytics Cookies
These cookies allow us to collect information such as number of page visits and traffic sources. All information collected is aggregated and anonymous. This helps to monitor website performance.
Marketing Cookies
Social Media Cookies
Switch Label
label
These cookies are set by our social media partners and may be used to show you more relevant advertising and enable sharing our content with your friends and networks. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.
Targeting Cookies
Switch Label
label
These cookies are set by our advertising partners and may be used to show you more relevant advertising. If you do not allow these cookies, you will be shown less relevant advertising.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 2
https://shop.medela.co.uk/privacy-page/b32a0378-93e0-43c1-9652-ceba774fb001:
For the Love of Mum's: 20% Off Across the Medela Shop
Pay in 3 Interest-Free Payments with PayPal
FREE Standard Mainland UK Delivery for orders over £50
(0)
My Account
Basket (0)
Breast Pumps
View All
Electric Breast Pumps
Wearable Breast Pumps
Manual Breast Pumps
Rental Breast Pump
Breast Pump Sets
Nursing &
Maternity Bras
View All
Nursing and Maternity Bra Sets
Breast Care
View All
Nursing Pads
Breast Shields and Shells
Breast and Nipple Relief
Breast Care Sets
Breast Milk Storage & Collection
Specialist Needs Breastfeeding
Accessories &
Spares
Breastfeeding Accessories
Spare parts
Offers
Offers
Sets & Bundles
Education
Hub
Articles
Pregnancy & Preparation
The Power of Breastmilk
Breastfeeding Challenges
Breastfeeding Tips
Breast Pumping Tips
Support
Contact
Breast Pump Registration
Shipping options
Returns Policy
My Account
Breast Pumps
View All
Electric Breast Pumps
Wearable Breast Pumps
Manual Breast Pumps
Rental Breast Pump
Breast Pump Sets
Nursing &
Maternity Bras
View All
Nursing and Maternity Bra Sets
Breast Care
View All
Nursing Pads
Breast Shields and Shells
Breast and Nipple Relief
Breast Care Sets
Breast Milk Storage & Collection
Specialist Needs Breastfeeding
Accessories &
Spares
Breastfeeding Accessories
Spare parts
Offers
Offers
Sets & Bundles
Education
Hub
Articles
Pregnancy & Preparation
The Power of Breastmilk
Breastfeeding Challenges
Breastfeeding Tips
Breast Pumping Tips
Support
Contact
Breast Pump Registration
Shipping options
Returns Policy
Page not found
Sorry, but the page you were trying to view does not exist.
Return home