Term of Use & Private Policy
Terms of Use
Please read these Terms of Use (“Terms”, “Terms of Use”) carefully before using
Coloring Relax
mobile application (the “Services”) operated by BiBo APP (“us”, “we”, “our”).
By accessing and using our Services you are agreeing to our Terms of Use. These Terms apply to all visitors users and others who access and/or use the Services. If you disagree with any part of the Terms then you may not access the Services.
Coloring Relax is an entertainment service which means that 100% correct reports are not guaranteed. The sole purpose of Coloring Relax is to entertain you and Coloring Relax is designed only to fulfill this purpose. We do not guarantee to present you with completely true reports by downloading and upgrading your membership.
The content that we present to you through our Services is subject to change without notice.
We do not provide any warranty to the accuracy, completeness or suitability of the information and data offered by us through our Services for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and data may contain inaccuracies or errors and we shall have no liability for any such inaccuracies or errors which may be encountered while accessing or using the Services provided by us.
You use any information or materials provided by us through our Services entirely at your own risk without an liability on our part whatsoever.
Unauthorised use of our Services may be followed a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
We may terminate or suspend access to our Services immediately without prior notice or liability for any reason whatsoever including without limitation if you breach the Terms.
Occasionally through our Services we may also present you with links to other web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by BiBo APP. These links will be provided only for your convenience and information. They are in no way used to endorse such third-party services to which links are provided. We also have no control and assume no responsibility for the content and practices of any third-party web sites or services that you may visit while following these links. You further acknowledge and agree that we shall not be responsible or liable for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content or services available on or through any third-party web sites or services.
We reserve the right at our sole discretion to modify or replace these Terms at any time. Whenever we change these Terms of Use, we will post those changes to these Terms of Use and other places that we consider appropriate. Your future use of Coloring Relax following these changes indicates your consent to the revised Terms of Use. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion. Any provision that are deleted from these Terms of Use due to being deemed to be unlawful, void or unenforceable do not in any way affect the remaining provisions and the rest of the Terms of Use which will remain in full force.
Privacy
Personal Information
We do not collect any personal information about the users of our apps.
We do collect anonymous usage information about our website and apps to help us improve our services and applications. This information may be collected via third-party tools such as Google Analytics, but no personal information is collected.
Links Within Apps
Some apps have external links such as to our website, Facebook, Twitter or iTunes to allow you to find out more about BiBo APP, our products and services. These links are only available on the title screen and are not available once an app is in session. We recommend that parent launch apps and start them before handing them to their children.
In-App Purchases
Some of our free apps may contain in-app purchases, but these are only available behind parental gates.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies to maintain user state, but no personal information is tracked or collected.
Mailing List
We offer a mailing list to provide information about BiBo APP products and services. Email addresses provided to this mailing list are stored by our service provider. Subscribers have the option to opt out whenever they wish. We do not share any subscriber information with any other parties.
Privacy Questions
If you have any questions about our apps or privacy policy please contact us at
appbibo@gmail.com
.
Changes
We reserve the right, at any time, to add to, change, update, or modify this Policy, simply by posting such change, update, or modification on the Site and without any other notice to you. Any such change, update, or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the Site. It is your responsibility to review this Policy from time to time to ensure that you continue to agree with all of its terms.
Home
Subscribe to:
Posts (Atom)
Featured Post
ABC Uppercase and Lowercase for Preschool - Baby Learn Alphabet and 100 Words in English Kids Need to Read by 1st - 5st grade with Education Game and Video song Offline Free
This app is a universal app for iPad/iPhone/iPod that teaches kids about letters, how letters relate to sounds, and even how to spell words....
All Application
Learning Number Game for Kids and Toddlers to 100 With Connect Dots,Number Match Game,Compare Game,Count to 100 Game
Little and big number to 100 for kids and more - Teach number for preschool by shadow number match education game and video song number offline in English,French,German,Spanish language Free
ABC Uppercase and Lowercase for Preschool - Baby Learn Alphabet and 100 Words in English Kids Need to Read by 1st - 5st grade with Education Game and Video song Offline Free
ABC Alphabet Learn Phonics - Preschool Kids Game Free With Memory Match,Coloring page,Animal Letters,Peekaboo and Puzzle game
ABC Song HD - Baby learn alphabet with auto flash card HD and video alphabet song HD
Number Learn To Count To 20 Phonics For Preschool in English,Spanish,French,German language
Alphabet Learn Phonics ABC:Learn Alphabet For Preschool With Touch Game Animal For Kids Free
Learn ABC and Learn Animal,Bird,Fruit in English for Kids
Number Learn To Count To 100 Free Phonics For Preschool in English,German,French,Spanish language
Alphabet Learn Phonics For Kids Learn ABC
Policy
Term of Use & Private Policy
About Me
BiBo APP
View my complete profile
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyse traffic. Your IP address and user agent are shared with Google, together with performance and security metrics, to ensure quality of service, generate usage statistics and to detect and address abuse.
Learn more
Got it