Tollsmart
Trip Calculators
Toll Calculator for Cars
Web Toll Calculator
Toll Calculator for Trucks, RVs, Buses
Free Toll Calculators
Tollsmart iPhone App
Toll Tracker™
Truck Toll Calculator
Toll Road Tips
Florida Tolls Survival Guide
Truckers Toll Survival Guide
EZ Pass
Developers
About Us
Blog
Express Lanes
FAQ
Coverage
Europe Tolls
Australia Tolls
US Tolls
Truck Tolls
Tollsmart
Trip Calculators
Truck Toll Calculator
Toll Road Tips
Developers
About Us
Coverage
Truck Tolls
Privacy Statement
Tollsmart wants to assure that Users of the Tollsmart Sites are provided with appropriate
    information and choice mechanisms about Tollsmart’s relevant policies and practices so that these Users may make informed decisions on whether or not to use the Tollsmart Sites.
This Privacy Statement is a statement of Your privacy rights, and should be read by You carefully
    before using the Tollsmart Sites. Your use of the Tollsmart Sites is Your acknowledgement of, and specific consent to, the terms and conditions of this Privacy Statement and all of the practices
    described in this Privacy Statement.
Tollsmart is committed to safeguarding Your privacy online. As Tollsmart expands its offerings and
    as technology evolves, We may, from time to time, update Our privacy practices to address such changes, and We may do so with or without notice to Users. Please check this page on a regular basis
    for updates to this Privacy Statement if these issues are of concern to You.
Please note that this Privacy Statement shall apply to You regardless of whether You access the
    Tollsmart Sites directly, whether the Tollsmart Sites are made available to You by a third party, or whether You access the Tollsmart Sites by other means. This Privacy Statement shall take
    precedence over any conflicting terms published by a third party that You may have accepted (or in the future be required to accept) in connection with Your access or use of the Tollsmart
    Sites.
THE TOLLSMART SITES, AND THE PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND ADVERTISING MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE TOLLSMART
    SITES, ARE NOT INTENDED FOR USE BY CHILDREN WITHOUT PARENTAL SUPERVISION.
Definitions:
“Tollsmart,” “We,” “Our,” and “Us” refers to Tollsmart, LLC and any and all entities that are
    controlled by or under common control with Tollsmart, LLC.
“Tollsmart Sites,” are comprised of and defined to include, but are not necessarily limited to, all
    Tollsmart websites, digital products, services, applications, data, content, advertising, and other elements. Such other elements may include sign up screens, data input and tracking, and other
    interfaces currently or in the future of use in the digital industry.
“Online Behavioral Advertising,” also referred to as “OBA,” which is also sometimes called
    “interest-based advertising,” uses information collected across multiple web sites that You visit in order to predict Your preferences and to show You advertisings that are most likely to be of
    interest to You.
“Privacy Statement,” refers to this statement and is specifically limited to the actual statements
    and wording contained herein and does not include things that may be inferred herefrom. If there is a lack of clarity or coverage, interpretation or use, We have the right, in Our sole
    discretion, to interpret the nature of the rights hereunder.
“Personally Identifiable Information,” (often referred to herein by the letters “PII”) means any
    information by which a person could be specifically identified, including but not limited to name, address, email address, and information about the approximate or precise location of a person
    and/or his or her device. PII also includes any related information, whether supplied specifically by the User, supplied by the User’s device, or inferable from the use of the device or other
    applications, that might lead to knowledge about the User. Your username and any password supplied by You is also PII. In addition to the PII obtained at registration and during use, You may be
    asked for information at other times, such as when You make a purchase or register for a service on or through the Tollsmart Sites, when You submit information or when You report a problem with
    the Tollsmart Sites. Your PII also may be provided indirectly to Tollsmart during your use of a device by the manufacturer of the device or your internet service provider subject to their own
    terms of service. Please also be aware that whenever You voluntarily disclose PII online - for example on message boards, through email, or in chat areas –that information can be collected and
    used by others.
“Providers,” refers to non-Tollsmart entities such as, but not limited to, service providers,
    advertisers, vendors, data collection services and other third parties. These Providers may also collect information about You.
“Special Programs,” refers to certain promotions, surveys, sweepstakes, contests or similar
    activities on the Tollsmart Sites.
“User,” “You,” “Your,” and “Visitor,” whether in the singular or plural refers to anyone who views,
    downloads or interacts with any of the Tollsmart Sites.
What We
    Collect About You.
We collect information, including PII, on the Tollsmart Sites
    during the registration process and through Your use of the Tollsmart Sites that We believe will allow us to better and more efficiently serve You. Our personalization, interactive
    communications, online commerce, targeted or contextual advertising, data access or accumulation, location tracking and services, receipt of device transmitted information, and other types of
    activities and services, allow us to deliver better service and content We believe is relevant to Our user base and You.
Some uses Tollsmart makes of this information are processing and verifying subscriptions, billing,
    delivering targeted or contextual advertising, and providing You with up-to-date information on Tollsmart products, services, advertising and those things described in the definition of the
    Tollsmart Sites above. The information we collect may be utilized by Tollsmart to, among other things, host, or use in conjunction with, the operation of the Tollsmart Sites and the products,
    services, and advertising related to them.
You may be asked to provide information that personally identifies You or allows Tollsmart and/or
    its Providers to identify or contact You. Such information may be requested when You are asked to register for fee-based services, although some free products and services may also request or
    require registration. For example, We may request personal information from You when You create an account, download an application or content through the Tollsmart Sites, enter information on
    the Tollsmart Sites, subscribe to e-mail newsletters or other content made available by the Tollsmart Sites, or report a problem with Your account or the Tollsmart Sites. As a registered
    subscriber or user, You may be able to download software, enter contests or sweepstakes, order e-mail newsletters or participate in additional services or other promotions offered on the
    Tollsmart Sites.
In addition to the information that You may proactively provide or voluntarily disclose, Your use of
    the Tollsmart Sites may result in the assignment of unique identifying numbers and/or codes which may be used to allow Tollsmart and its Providers and others who assist Tollsmart in the support
    of the Tollsmart Sites to track Your web browsing movements across the internet. By using the Tollsmart Sites, You acknowledge and consent to such activity.
To provide location-based and contextual advertisements, location related products and services, and
    other things that may benefit from knowing or inferring Your location, Tollsmart and Providers utilize certain geographic tracking technologies that may collect, use, and/or share precise
    location data (such as GPS signals sent by a mobile device) or information that may be used to approximate a location (such as, but not limited to, a cell ID or IP address), including the
    real-time geographic location of Your computer or mobile device. By using the Tollsmart Sites, You consent to use by Tollsmart and its Providers of such geographic tracking technologies.
You should be aware that the fact that You turn off location services may not mean that all location
    identifiable technologies are turned off. Your device may only turn off GPS tracking, but many devices in the marketplace also track and transmit other location information such as use of
    Bluetooth (if enabled), identification of a Wi-Fi router through which a device may be communicating, and personal IP address. Some devices even transmit information such as battery power and
    charging status. We may have no control over how Your device is functioning or transmitting information to Us or others in these modes, which transmission is subject to the terms of service of
    your phone manufacturer or internet service provider.
If You contact Tollsmart We may keep a record of that contact or correspondence, and may prompt You
    for further information, depending on the nature of the contact. We may also occasionally ask that You voluntarily participate in or enable automatic entry into Special Programs via log-on
    entries. At such times, Tollsmart may disclose Your PII to sponsors of the Special Program, and We may or may not describe this to You prior to transferring the data. Special Programs may also be
    subject to additional or different terms, or may be shared or used in a slightly different way. If different terms do apply, details of the specific terms and conditions or rules for these
    Special Programs may or may not be provided by posting to the Tollsmart Sites or upon registration for the Special Program, on a case-by-case basis, subject to Tollsmart's terms for sharing
    PII.
Why We
    Want to Know Certain Information.
It's important for Us to know Our users. We
    deliver valuable information to You on the Tollsmart Sites free of charge or at low rates. We are able to accomplish this through the use of Providers to produce the income to operate the
    Tollsmart Sites. Providers are like most businesses in that they want something in return for the money they spend advertising on the Tollsmart Sites or otherwise providing value. They may want
    to know how many people will see their advertisements, for example, and how often these advertisements are seen. The advertising companies may use information (including or not including PII)
    about Your visits to this and other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services believed to be of interest to You. These companies may also employ, among other things,
    Cookies, Web Beacons, Flash Shared Objects, HTML5 Local Storage and/or HTML5 Mini Databases in furtherance of their services to Tollsmart.
Among other things, Tollsmart and its Providers use the information You provide, or Your device
    provides, including PII to: fulfill Your request for products, services, or information; to process and administer Your entry in Special Programs; to activate Your account; to allow You to access
    fee-based parts of the Tollsmart Sites; and, to allow You to submit information (e.g., routes, vehicle specifications) to Tollsmart or its Providers. We may also use such information (including
    PII) to notify You of changes to the Tollsmart Sites; to provide You with e-mail offers, text message offers, and other promotional opportunities; to provide You with up-to-date information on
    the newest Tollsmart products and services that may be of interest to You; to handle billing issues with You; and to tailor Our online offerings to Your preferences.
Vendors and
    Providers.
To make the Tollsmart Sites more valuable to Our users, We may offer
    products, services or features through or in conjunction with Providers, and in some instances, Our Providers may have the same access to Your personal information including PII as We do.
We reserve the right to use Providers to serve advertisements when You visit the Tollsmart Sites.
    These Providers may use information about Your visits to the Tollsmart Sites and other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services We may believe of interest to You. If
    You would like more information about this practice and to know Your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here:
https://www.aboutads.info/choices
or here:
https://networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
or for Microsoft
    advertising, click here:
https://choice.live.com/AdvertisementChoice
.
Links
    to Provider Sites.
Occasionally, You may seek access to certain products and/or
    services on the Tollsmart Sites that are only available through third parties, either through their own web sites or on web sites hosted by or linked to the Tollsmart Sites. When ordering,
    registering for, or purchasing products or services from these Providers, You may at times be entering into an agreement with that Provider, and not with Tollsmart, and their Provider terms may
    apply. You should read and understand the Providers' terms of use and policies before using their site or entering into agreements with them, since they may differ substantially from this Privacy
    Statement and other applicable Tollsmart terms and conditions. Tollsmart is not responsible for and does not endorse, or accept any responsibility for the contents or use of the Provider sites,
    products and/or services and is not responsible for webcasting or any other form of transmission received from any linked or hosted site. You should contact such Providers directly should You
    have any questions or concerns relating to the terms of use and privacy policies of those Providers' web sites. We may provide information and contact information about Providers in this Policy
    Statement or on the Tollsmart Sites, but We take no responsibility to have a complete list of these nor to ensure that the contact information is correct or accurate. The information is provided
    for convenience only; it is Your responsibility to seek out and contact such entities.
Behavioral
    Advertising.
The Tollsmart Sites may be designed to utilize Online Behavioral
    Advertising. This means that certain information regarding Your internet viewing behaviors or practices, over periods of time and perhaps involving websites or applications which are not the
    Tollsmart Sites, may be used for the purpose of choosing advertising to display to You. If You desire to "opt-out" of this OBA process, You are to use the link at
https://www.aboutads.info/choices
to do so. This hyperlink and process is the
    recommended tool for such "opt-out" provisions of the Digital Advertising Alliance Self-Regulatory Principles of Online Behavioral Advertising.
Google
    Analytics.
Some or all of the Tollsmart Sites make use of Google Analytics
    Demographics and Interest Reporting. The Tollsmart Sites may also make use of other Google Analytics for Display Advertising features, including Remarketing, Google Display Network Impression
    Reporting and/or the DoubleClick Campaign Manager integration. We are required by Google to disclose the following information to You in Our Privacy Statement in connection with Our use of any
    Google Analytics for Display Advertising features on the Tollsmart Sites:
· You may opt out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising or customize Google Display Network
    advertising by using the
Google Ads Settings page
. You may also prevent Your data from being collected and
    used by Google Analytics by opting out through the use of the
Google Analytics Opt-out
    Browser Add-on
.
· If the Tollsmart Sites make use of the Google Analytics for Display Advertising Remarketing
    feature, Tollsmart will use such Remarketing feature to advertise online and third party vendors, including Google, may show Tollsmart ads on sites across the Internet.
· Tollsmart and third party vendors, including Google, may use first-party cookies (such as the
    Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to (a) inform, optimize and serve ads based on a user’s past visits to the Tollsmart Sites, and/or (b)
    report how Your ad impressions, other uses of ad services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to the Tollsmart Sites.
· Data from Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting may be utilized by Tollsmart to
    help recognize and understand user preferences, to make improvements to the Tollsmart Sites, to choose content and advertising to display to You, and for other business purposes that will allow
    Tollsmart to better serve You.
Cookies.
The
    Tollsmart Sites may be designed to utilize cookies for optimal user performance. Cookies and other types of identifiers may also be included for purposes of collecting anonymized traffic data
    (e.g. how many people come to the Tollsmart Site(s), how often, etc.). Such cookies or identifiers may be placed by Us or Providers. Please check the “Help” menu in Your Internet browser for
    information regarding how to manage Your cookie preferences (or if You are using a mobile device, check the “Settings” for Your browser or device). Generally speaking, You may modify browser
    preferences to accept all cookies, be notified when a cookie is set, or to reject all cookies. If You choose to reject all cookies, You may be unable to use some of Tollsmart's products and
    services. Some sections of the Tollsmart Sites may require that You log on in order to continue to use specific goods or services offered through Our network, because We do not want cookies to
    replace security measures that You would otherwise take for Yourself, Your PII and other data.
Web
    Beacons.
Web beacons may also be found on the Tollsmart Sites. Web beacons are used
    to monitor user navigation to tailor the Tollsmart Sites to Our subscribers or Users' preferences and enhance the site's offerings. For a thorough description of web beacons and their uses,
    please
click here
.
Flash
    Shared Objects/HTML5 Local Storage/HTML5 Mini Databases.
The Tollsmart Sites may
    utilize Flash Shared Objects, HTML5 Local Storage and/or HTML5 Mini Databases in conjunction with the use of the sites and the targeting of advertising to the users of the Tollsmart Sites. Many
    hand held mobile devices use these technologies in conjunction with the mobile browsers on the devices. Many mobile devices use these technologies which allow for the storage of information on
    the mobile devices and, in effect, allow the enhancement of internet browsing as well as other uses including but not limited to targeting advertisements. The Flash Shared Objects, HTML5 Local
    Storage and HTML5 Mini Databases also allow the device to track a user's web browsing movements across the internet and not just on one particular website. Tollsmart and Providers may utilize one
    or more of these technologies and others on the Tollsmart Sites.
Security.
Anytime
    a credit card is requested for processing orders through the Tollsmart Sites, the user transaction containing the credit card information may be encrypted using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL)
    technology. SSL provides encryption to all digital information as it crosses the Internet. To learn more about SSL,
click here
.
Age /
    Use by Minor.
Tollsmart Sites are not directed to children and Tollsmart does not
    intend to collect any PII from children.. Please do not allow children under the age of 18 to use the Tollsmart Sites or provide any PII to Tollsmart. If We are notified with verifiable
    information that a child under 18 has provided personal information to Us, We will delete that information as soon as reasonably possible. If You become aware that a child under 18 has provided
    such information, please send Us a detailed email with all identifiable information at
support@tollsmart.com
so We may delete this information. We have no way to control the use of an access device that You allow a minor to use, as such, the
    device may be sending Us information about location and other factors. PLEASE EXERCISE CONTROL OF YOUR DEVICES TO PREVENT MINORS FROM GETTING INTO A SITUATION WHERE THEIR LOCATION MAY BE
    DISCLOSED TO US, OUR PROVIDERS, OR OTHER THIRD PARTIES.
Password
    Security.
Access to certain portions of the Tollsmart Sites are password- protected
    so that You and only You may have access to those portions as a subscriber. It may be necessary for Tollsmart, its employees, contractors or Providers working on behalf of Tollsmart to access the
    Tollsmart Sites using Your subscriber information to provide You with support or to perform certain maintenance tasks. This access happens on an as-needed basis.
Electronic
    Registration.
When You access or install a new product or service, You may be asked
    to register electronically. Your registration information will be merged with any information You have already provided ('Profile'). If You have not previously registered within the Tollsmart
    Sites, a Profile may be created for You from Your product registration information. If You have not already registered by giving us Your PII, You will be asked to do so to ensure that only You
    can access the product or services. You are required to maintain the confidentiality of Your user name and password. If there is a breach of the confidentiality of a password or user name
    assigned to You, or any breach of security through Your user's account, then You shall so notify Tollsmart's customer assistance center immediately by contacting Tollsmart at
support@tollsmart.com
.
TERMS
    FOR SHARING PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
In addition to the uses described above, under special circumstances Tollsmart may opt to access or
    disclose PII, such as when there is reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating the Terms and
    Conditions on the Tollsmart Sites, this Privacy Statement, any applicable End User License Agreement, Provider or Subscription Terms or other applicable terms, or when there is reason to believe
    an individual may be violating the law or causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) Tollsmart's rights or property, other Tollsmart Site users, or anyone
    else that could be harmed by such activities. Tollsmart may also be requested to disclose PII to law enforcement authorities or as may be required by court-ordered subpoena. Tollsmart may then
    opt to disclose or access PII in good faith or in circumstances where the law requires it. We may also access or disclose PII for administrative and other purposes that We deem necessary to
    maintain, service, and improve the Tollsmart Sites and or products and services.
Tollsmart may share information (including PII) with Providers, to assist us with the operation,
    maintenance, and improvement of the Tollsmart Sites, to conduct Special Programs, to fulfill Your requests for service, and to allow You to purchase and renew Your subscription to any fee-based
    parts of the Tollsmart Sites. Tollsmart may also share information (including PII) with Providers for the placement and management of advertising on the Tollsmart Sites, and in order to serve You
    with advertisements that may be of interest to You.
Since We use Providers to perform customized services offered or accessed through the Tollsmart
    Sites or Providers' sites, and a credit card processing company to bill some users for goods and services, We may need to disclose PII to complete certain business transactions. Users may also
    require that We bill for services via invoicing, purchase order, or through Providers, such as internet storefronts. Under these circumstances, We may be required to share the user's PII to
    obtain a credit report with a reporting agency or to complete the order processing to serve the user.
Tollsmart is in the business of providing and hosting toll information products, services, and other
    related products and services as a service to Our users. As such, information We collect is considered a valuable asset subject to legal protection and regulation under federal and state laws as
    a property interest. Accordingly, such information will be subject to all customary rights and protections afforded to property owners under these laws. Such rights customarily include the right
    to transfer the information during the sale of assets to or merger with third parties, and to routinely share such information with Providers.
Information You provide may be used by Tollsmart or Providers to, among other things, retrieve or
    create the product or service that You have requested or for such business purposes as Tollsmart and/or Providers may determine in their sole discretion. Please be advised that this User Data may
    be stored by Tollsmart or Providers as 'preferences' or otherwise and used without restriction. Further, all information submitted is and becomes the exclusive property of Tollsmart and by
    submitting material to Tollsmart, You accept responsibility for its accuracy, appropriateness and legality.
If for some reason You believe that Tollsmart has not adhered to these statements, please notify Us
    at
support@tollsmart.com
and We will work to determine the issue and correct the problem as We determine in Our discretion. Your concerns should be detailed
    in a communication including enough identifying information to permit someone to contact You, in case further information is required to troubleshoot Your concerns. Be certain the words
    'Tollsmart Privacy Statement' are included in the Subject line. Further resolution of Your concerns will be governed by the terms and conditions applicable to the Tollsmart Sites. Other than the
    filing of this report with Tollsmart, there are no other rights granted with regard to this Privacy Statement or the other terms and conditions referenced herein. Specifically, no monetary claim
    of any kind may be made based on this Privacy Statement or the other terms and conditions referenced herein, with the sole remedy for a claimed breach thereof being the filing of the correction
    notice for Our consideration, referenced above.
Version date: May 1, 2018