Welcome
Our Work
Press & News
About
Blog
Privacy Policy
Background on Conserve.IO applications
Conserve.IO applications (including Whale Alert, Manatee Alert, “Alert”,
“Spotter” and others) are designed to help the public and industry better
understand in-place regulations and protective measures across a broad array of
critically endangered species and habitats. Conserve.IO mobile applications also
help the public report sick, orphaned, stranded or endangered animals or
violations of posted ordinances protecting both endangered species and
habitats. Data submitted via Conserve.IO mobile application  will help wildlife experts, volunteer
stranding networks, government agencies and law enforcement personnel mobilize
efforts to protect and save vulnerable animals and habitats.
What personal user information do Conserve.IO applications collect?
We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact
within a Conserve.IO application. This includes a mobile phone identifier that
identifies your mobile phone, but cannot be tied to your personal information
(see
Apple page
). Optionally, you can also provide
your name, contact phone number, and/or your email address. This information is
stored securely in our database and released only to appropriate agency
personnel who wish to contact you regarding your submitted data. Conserve.IO may
track statistical information such as how frequently users use individual Conserve.IO
applications, when you submit data, and from which locations you upload the
data.
HOW SECURE IS INFORMATION ABOUT ME?
Security of your information is of paramount importance to us. We work
to protect the security of your private information during transmission by
using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts the contact
information that we transmit from the app to our servers. The image files and
geo-location information that you upload are not encrypted and could be
accessed by a third party. Our servers are behind a firewall, and we secure it
using the best available methods. Despite this, there are risks involved of
computers being breached and your personal information being revealed but we
are doing our utmost to minimize this risk. In the event that a third party
(either known or unknown to you) gains access to our database, the types of
information that may be available to that person are: a) any personal
information that you submitted (name, number, email), b) the times of day and
locations from which you submitted images, and c) the images that you submitted.
Does Conserve.IO share the data it receives?
All data submitted through Conserve.IO apps may be posted in the public
domain and is intended to be kept indefinitely. Your contact information is
only available to responsible authorities or researchers who wish to contact
you for further information about your submissions if you explicitly allow for
that when submitting such information.
What about compliance with laws?
Consere.io applications may be used only for lawful purposes and in a
lawful manner. You may not use Conserve.IO applications in any manner that violates
any applicable law or governmental regulation. You agree to comply with all
applicable laws, statutes, and regulations of any jurisdiction in which you
request or perform Services.
What is Conserve.IO’s liability?
The Conserve.IO applications and data collections are for informational
and educational purposes only. Conserve.IO assumes no liability for any actions
resulting from the use of Conserve.IO applications. By agreeing to these user
terms, you waive Conserve.IO of all liability, either in the event of injury or
loss while using Conserve.IO applications, or in the event that your account
and user information is accessed by a third party. We are not responsible for
information accessed unlawfully from our servers.
​For more information on our Privacy Policy
Please contact us by filling out the form below and a company representative will be in touch with you shortly. ​
Name
(required)
First Name
Last Name
Email Address
(required)
Subject
(required)
Message
(required)
Submit
Submit