Home
Apps
English Verb Conjugator
French Verb Conjugator
German Verb Conjugator
Italian Verb Conjugator
Portuguese Verb Conjugator
Spanish Verb Conjugator
Contact
Privacy
Privacy Policy (GDPR)
Last updated: 18th September 2018
Summary:
We respect the EU's
Data Protection Regulations (GDPR)
and this policy explains how we collect and treat any information you give us. You won’t find any complicated legal terms or long passages of unreadable text. We’ve no desire to trick you into agreeing to something you might later regret.
Our policy covers
Why we value your privacy
How we collect information
What information we hold
Where we store your information & what it is used for
Who’s responsible for your information at our company
Who has access to information about you
The steps we take to keep your information private
How to complain
Changes to the policy
Why we value your privacy
We value your privacy as much as we do our own, so we’re committed to keeping your personal and business information safe. We’re uncomfortable with the information companies, governments, and other organisations keep on file, so we ask for only the bare minimum from our customers. We’ll never use your personal information for any reason other than why you gave it, and we’ll never give anyone access to it unless we’re forced to by law.
How we collect information
The
website
does not collect your personal details. 
              It uses Google Analytics to collect anonymised usage statistics (e.g. pages visited, browsers used). 
              Google Analytics
stores a cookie
on your computer.
The
apps
do not collect your personal details. All apps use Google Firebase to collect anonymised usage statistics (e.g. screens visited, device types used). 
              The free, advertising supported, apps use
Google Admob
and
Facebook Audience Network
which use non-personally 
              identifiable information to display relevant advertising.
What information we hold
On the
website
, Google Analytics is used to store anonymised usage statistics (e.g. pages visited, browsers used).
All
apps
use Google Analytics for anonymous usage statistics (e.g. screens viewed and device types used). 
              The free, ad-supported apps use Google Admob and Facebook Audience Network which use a unique, but not personally
                identifiable, identifier 
                (
Advertising ID
on Android and the
Advertising Identifier
on iOS) to track anonymised anonymised usage statistics (e.g. screens viewed and device types used).
                We also use the identifier to serve personalised advertisements in the free apps. You can opt out of personal advertisements using these instructions:
Android
/
iOS
.
Where we store your information & what it is used for
Website:
Google Analytics (anonymous usage statistics).
Apps (all):
Google Firebase (anonymous usage statistics).
Apps (free):
Google Firebase (tailored ads).
Facebook Audience Network (tailored ads).
Who’s responsible for your information at our company
Ian Tipton is responsible for the security of your information. You can contact him by email at
support@itipton.com
if you have any concerns about the information we store.
How to complain
We take complaints very seriously. If you’ve any reason to complain about the ways we handle your privacy, please contact Ian Tipton by email at
support@itipton.com
.
Changes to the policy
If we change the contents of this policy, those changes will become effective the moment we publish them on our website.