Privacy Policy
ClassPass Privacy Policy
Last Updated: July 26, 2024
ClassPass respects your right to privacy. This Privacy Policy explains who we are, how we and our Group Companies (defined below) collect, share, and use personal information about you, and how you can exercise your privacy rights.
This Privacy Policy applies to our website at classpass.com and our mobile applications (collectively, the “
Site
”) and other services that we may provide from time to time. If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal information, please see the “
How to Contact Us
” section below.
The Site is not intended for or directed to persons under the age of 18, and we will not knowingly collect information from persons under 18. To provide information to us through registration or in any other manner on the Site, you must be 18 years of age or older.
Residents in certain countries and US states, including California, should be sure to review any additional privacy notices set out in the "
Special Terms
" section below.
1. What Does ClassPass Do?
ClassPass enables consumers (“
ClassPass Users
”) to find, book and attend a wide range of fitness, recreational and wellness classes, services, or products offered and operated by fitness studios, gyms, trainers, venues or other third parties through our platform (“
Partners
”). The ClassPass group companies operate all around the world and includes Mindbody, Inc. (together, the “
Group Companies
”). For a copy of Mindbody, Inc.’s privacy policy, please see
here
.
2. What Personal Information Does ClassPass Collect?
We collect or receive personal information in a few different ways. Often, you choose what information to provide, but sometimes we require certain information in order for you to use, and for us to provide you with, the Site and the services you access through the Site.
Personal Information You Provide To Us.
There are a variety of different ways you may provide personal information to us, such as:
Account Creation. To create a ClassPass User account, you need to provide information such as your name, email address, phone number, sign-up city, and a password. If you make a purchase or sign up for a subscription, you will need to provide payment and billing information. You can choose to add further information to your account, such as birthdate, gender, photo, and address. If you are a ClassPass Partner we will ask for your name, address, phone number, email, credit card information, tax identification number, and information about your business, including the names of the instructors and individuals who provide your classes and services and the email addresses of authorized individuals on your account. We also process and store payment information, such as purchase history and billing information.
Posting and Uploading. We collect personal information from you when you provide, post, or upload it to our Site, such as when you respond to a survey or provide a class rating or review.
Communications Data. We may send messages to you about our services and products and those of our Group Companies, or on behalf of, or initiated by, Partners or ClassPass Users. For example, we may enable Partners to send text or in-app messages to ClassPass Users via our Site about an upcoming reservation. ClassPass receives data regarding such calls, texts, or other communications, including the date and time of the communication and its content.
Instructor Data. ClassPass Partners may provide information about instructors and other individuals who work at their businesses. ClassPass Partners are responsible for notifying instructors and others that their information will be shared with ClassPass, for example by providing a link to this Privacy Policy. You should not provide information to us about someone else unless you have obtained all necessary and applicable permissions or consents of the other person for us to receive and use their information.
Third-Party Data. If you are a ClassPass User, you should not provide information to us about someone else unless you have obtained all necessary and applicable permissions or consents of the other person for us to receive and use their information, such as for emergency contact or referral purposes.
Personal Information Collected Automatically Through Your Use of the Site.
We log usage data when you visit or otherwise use our Site, such as when you view or click on content or ads (on or off our Site), perform a search, browse, schedule a reservation, and install or update one of our mobile apps. Specifically, the information we collect automatically may include information like internet protocol address, device type, unique device identification numbers, browser-type, broad geographic location (e.g., country or city-level location), language and marketing preferences and other technical information. We may also collect information about how your device has interacted with our Site, including the pages accessed and links clicked.
We may also collect precise geolocation data pertaining to your mobile device if you have consented to providing this to us through your device settings. We may use this information to provide, promote, and improve our services (for example, by showing you classes that are close to your location) and for related reasons, such as fraud prevention and security purposes. Please note that if you do not consent to providing your geolocation data, certain features of the mobile application may not work.
Personal Information Collected from Other Sources.
We may receive personal information about you from other sources, such as public databases, strategic and joint marketing partners, social media pages and platforms, people with whom you are friends or otherwise connected on social media platforms, our Group Companies, as well as from other third parties. For example, where we make this available, you may choose to sync your ClassPass User account details with a third-party network, such as Facebook. If you do this, we will receive some of your Facebook account information. Exactly what information we receive will depend on your settings with the third-party network, but typically we receive your basic public profile information such as your username, email address, age range, gender, chosen language, country, friends list and any other public information.
As noted above, if you are an instructor or another individual working at one of our Partners’ facilities, we may receive your personal information from the Partner.
Personal Information About ClassPass Users Collected from Partners.
Our Partners may choose to submit feedback to us about ClassPass Users’ use of their facilities or services.
3. What Does ClassPass Do with the Personal Information it Collects?
ClassPass uses personal information it receives for several purposes:
Site: To operate and maintain our Site and the products and services offered through our Site. For example, we use ClassPass User personal information to fulfill your reservation and purchase requests, including processing payments and issuing any late cancel/no show fees incurred, and to customize your experience on our Site, such as by tailoring the content or experiences we show you, as well as for the purposes set out in our
Terms of Use
. We use personal information about instructors made available by Partners to display within schedules, including reviews, listed on our Site.
Communication: To contact you through email, phone, postal mail, notices, and push notifications posted on our websites or apps, and other ways. We will send you messages about the availability of our Site, security, customer service, or other service-related issues. We also send messages about the Site, updates, reminders, and promotional messages in accordance with your communications preferences. We may also send you messages about an upcoming reservation which are initiated by a Partner or a ClassPass User on their behalf. You may change your communication preferences at any time. Please be aware that you cannot opt-out of receiving service messages from us, including security and legal notices. Please note that during phone conversations conducted with Partners and other third parties via Zoom, we may ask whether you would like additional information to be sent to you via SMS. If you agree, the phone number and opt-in you provide in response will not be sold to, or shared with, third party providers or affiliates for marketing or promotional purposes.
Customer Support: In connection with customer service inquiries and matters, such as to investigate, respond to and resolve complaints and service issues.
Social: To provide features which allow ClassPass Users to connect with, and be found by, other ClassPass Users.
Marketing: For ours and our Group Companies’ marketing purposes, such as to develop our marketing strategies, send you marketing communications by email, SMS and telephone, to target digital marketing to you via third party websites and apps, and to offer contests, sweepstakes, or other promotions and to fulfill any related awards or discounts. You can exercise choices over the marketing we send to you as described in the “
Your Data Protection Rights
” section below and, for residents in certain countries and US states, including California, within our additional privacy notice set out in the "
Special Terms
" section below.
Research and Development: For research, analytical, recordkeeping, and reporting purposes; to develop and test new products, features and ideas; to learn about our customer base and Site and to evolve and improve our Site, products, and services.
Security, Investigations and Eligibility: To maintain the security of our Site, including to verify your identity, to investigate or prevent possible fraud or other violations of our Terms of Use or this Privacy Policy and/or in connection with possible attempts to harm ClassPass Users, Site visitors, Partners or other third parties, and to confirm your eligibility for promotions we may run from time to time, such as free trials.
Business and Operational Support: To assess and implement mergers, acquisitions, reorganizations, bankruptcies, and other business transactions such as financings, and to administer our business, accounting, auditing, compliance, recordkeeping, and legal functions.
Other: For any other purpose identified at the point of collection or otherwise with your consent.
4. Who Does ClassPass Share My Personal Information With?
We may disclose your personal information to the following categories of recipients or in the following circumstances:
To services providers and partners who provide data processing and other services to us (for example, to support the delivery of, provide functionality on, or help to enhance the security of our Site, payment card processors, customer support vendors, hosting vendors, scheduling providers and market research and marketing vendors), or who otherwise process personal information for purposes that are described in this Privacy Policy or notified to you when we collect your personal information;
To our Group Companies so that they can provide, develop, improve, and analyze the Site and their own services and products, as well as for our Group Companies’ own internal and marketing purposes, including to send you marketing communications by email, SMS and telephone and for targeted digital marketing about their services and products;
To any Partner that makes available a class, activity or experience you reserve or use through our Site as a ClassPass User and their third-party providers, so that they can process the applicable reservation or activity and make available classes and services to you;
Your name, photo and other information associated with your ClassPass User account will be visible to other ClassPass Users so that they can search for and connect with you on ClassPass. You can prevent other ClassPass Users from being able to search for you by updating your preferences via the Privacy tab in your Account Settings;
If you sync your ClassPass User account to a third-party network, such as Facebook, or provide us with your contacts, such as those stored on your mobile device, you will be able to see which of your contacts are using ClassPass. If those contacts are ClassPass members, they will also be able to see that you are using ClassPass;
If you accept a friend request from another ClassPass User then, in addition to your name, photo and other information associated with your account, that ClassPass User will also be able to see your past and upcoming classes, your achievement badges, your favorite studios, your friend connections and other profile information (together, “
Profile Information
”). We may use, communicate, and display your Profile Information next to or in connection with ads, offers, and other messages to your ClassPass friends – for example, by sending an email to one of your ClassPass friends to suggest that they join you in class. If you would like to stop your Profile Information being shared with your ClassPass friends in this way, you can do so via the Privacy tab in your Account Settings;
To anyone who visits the public area of our Site, including via venue and schedule listings, public profiles, reviews, or class ratings. As a ClassPass User, you should be aware that any content or information you choose to disclose in public areas of our Site can be read, collected, and used by other users, the general public and other sites (including search engines);
To any competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, court, or other third -party where we believe disclosure is necessary as a matter of applicable law or regulation, to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or to protect your vital interests or those of any other person;
In connection with an actual or potential merger, sale, acquisition, investment, assignment, reorganization, joint venture, or transfer of all or part of ClassPass’ business, assets, or affiliates or Group Companies, including if ClassPass should ever file for bankruptcy or a related proceeding, provided that we inform the relevant third-party it must use your personal information only for the purposes disclosed in this Privacy Policy;
To your program administrator (such as your employer or similar entity), if you participate in any enterprise solutions or the ClassPass Corporate Program; and
To any other person with your consent to the disclosure or otherwise in accordance with applicable law.
5. How does ClassPass Keep My Personal Information Secure?
We use security procedures and practices to protect the personal information that we collect and process about you. We monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks. However, we cannot guarantee 100% security of any information that you send us.
6. International Data Transfers
Your personal information may be transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are resident, including outside of the EEA, the UK, Switzerland, Japan and Canada (including Quebec). These countries may have data protection laws that differ from the laws of your country (and, in some cases, may not be as protective). Specifically, our Site servers are located in the United States, and our Group Companies and third-party service providers and partners operate around the world. This means that when we collect your personal information, we may process it in any of these countries.
Some countries recognize the data protection laws of other countries as providing an adequate level of data protection according to local standards. For example, some non-EEA countries are recognized by the European Commission as providing an adequate level of data protection according to EEA standards (the full list of these countries is available at
https://commission.europa.eu/law/law-topic/data-protection/international-dimension-data-protection/rules-international-data-transfers_en
).
However, where this is not the case, we take appropriate safeguards in accordance with applicable laws to require that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Policy. These include implementing standard contractual clauses (such as the EU Standard Contractual Clauses and the UK International Data Transfer Addendum) which require Group Companies and service providers to protect personal information that they process which originates from the EEA, the UK, or other jurisdictions with comparable laws (as applicable) in accordance with local data protection laws. A copy of our standard contractual clauses, if applicable, and information about the other similar appropriate safeguards we take with respect to international data transfers can be provided upon request (see
How to Contact Us
).
7. Data Retention
We retain personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to provide you with a service you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements).
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
8. Your Data Protection Rights
Where applicable law allows for such rights, you may have the following data protection rights:
You have the right to opt-out of receiving direct marketing communications we send you at any time. To opt-out of receiving email marketing, you should click on the “
unsubscribe
” or “
opt-out
” link in the marketing e-mails we send you. To opt-out of receiving SMS messages from us, you can reply STOP to any SMS messages. To opt-out of other forms of marketing (such as postal marketing, telemarketing or targeted digital marketing) please contact us as explained in the “
How to Contact Us
” section below.
You may correct or amend your personal information by editing your profile on the Site or contacting us as explained in the “
How to Contact Us
” section below.
You may delete your personal information by contacting us as explained in the “
How to Contact Us
” section below.
You may object to processing of your personal information, ask us to restrict processing of your personal information, access the personal information we hold about you, or request portability of your personal information by contacting us as explained in the “
How to Contact Us
” section below.
If we have collected and process your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent (where applicable). You can withdraw your consent by contacting us as explained in the “
How to Contact Us
” section below.
Residents in certain countries and US states have additional rights with respect to personal information collected by businesses and should review any additional privacy notices set out in the "
Special Terms
" section below.
If you have any questions relating to your rights as set out in this Privacy Policy you may contact us as explained in the “
How to Contact Us
” section below.
9. Third-Party Sites
Our Site may contain links to third-party websites or mobile apps, including social sharing features and other related tools. Please be aware that ClassPass does not control these linked websites or apps and that this Privacy Policy does not apply to any information you give to the owner of these websites or apps. We encourage you to read the privacy policy of any third-party website or app that you visit before you provide them with any information.
10. Updates to this Privacy Policy
By using our Site, you agree to this Privacy Policy. We may occasionally update this Privacy Policy. Any changes we make will become effective when we post a modified version of the Privacy Policy to classpass.com. If we make any material changes to the Privacy Policy, we will take appropriate measures to inform you consistent with the significance of the changes we make and as required by applicable law. If you continue using our products and services after any notice of such changes, it means you have accepted them. Your continued use of this Site after any notice of such changes constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Policy and any updates. If you do not agree to any changes, you must stop using our products and services, as applicable. It is your obligation to ensure that you read, understand and agree to the latest version of the Privacy Policy. The “
Last Updated
” legend at the top of the Privacy Policy indicates when it was last updated.
11. How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal information, please contact ClassPass Europe B.V (data controller) as follows:
If you are a ClassPass User, you may contact us
here
.
If you are a ClassPass Partner, you may contact us within the Partner Dashboard.
Alternatively, you may reach us at the following address:
ATTN: Legal Department - Privacy Policy Questions
ClassPass Europe B.V.
651 Tank Farm Road
San Luis Obispo, CA 93401
12. Special Terms (EEA and UK)
What is our Legal Basis for Processing Personal Information?
In each case where we process your personal information, we do so lawfully in accordance with one of the legal bases set out under data protection laws in the EEA and the UK. Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in the “
What Personal Information Does ClassPass Collect?
” section above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally collect personal information from you only:
where we have your consent to do so (such as where we obtain your consent to process precise latitude/longitude coordinates or to store information on your device through the use of cookies). In these cases, you may withdraw your consent at any time in the ways described in this Privacy Policy or as we will otherwise make clear to you when we first collect this data;
where we need the personal information to perform a contract with you (such as for billing purposes or to provide you with the product or service that you have requested);
where we are under a legal obligation (such as to maintain records relating to tax or respond to a valid legal request for certain data); or
•	where the processing is in our legitimate interests (such as for analytics, research and optimization of our products and services, to deliver direct marketing, to share personal information with our Group Companies, or for fraud prevention) which are not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us using the contact details provided under the “
How to Contact Us
” heading.
Security Measures
We use appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect the personal information that we collect and process about you. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal information. We monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks. However, we cannot guarantee 100% security of any information that you send us.
Right to Complain
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. Contact details for data protection authorities in the European Union are available
here
, for the UK are
here
and for Norway are
here
.
Cookie Notice
Last Updated: April 23, 2019
This Cookie Notice explains how ClassPass and its subsidiaries (collectively “ClassPass”, “we”, “us”, and “ours” use cookies and similar technologies to recognize you when you visit our websites and use our mobile applications (“Site”). It explains what these technologies are and why we use them, as well as your rights to control our use of them.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small data files that are placed on your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. Cookies are widely used by website owners in order to make their websites work, or to work more efficiently, as well as to provide reporting information.
Cookies set by the website owner (in this case, ClassPass) are called "first party cookies". Cookies set by parties other than the website owner are called "third party cookies". Third party cookies enable third party features or functionality to be provided on or through the website (e.g. like advertising, interactive content and analytics). The parties that set these third-party cookies can recognise your computer both when it visits the website in question and also when it visits certain other websites.
Why do we use cookies?
We use first party and third-party cookies for several reasons. Third parties serve cookies through our Sites for advertising, analytics and other purposes. This is described in more detail below.
First and third-party cookies served through our Sites and the purposes they perform are described below:
Essential website cookies: These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our Sites and to use some of its features, such as access to secure areas.
Performance and functionality cookies: These cookies are used to enhance the performance and functionality of our Sites but are non-essential to their use. However, without these cookies, certain functionality may become unavailable.
Analytics and customisation cookies: These cookies collect information that is used either: (i) in aggregate form to help us understand how our Sites are being used or how effective are marketing campaigns are, or (ii) to help us customise our Sites for you.
Advertising cookies: These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you and they perform functions like preventing the same ad from continuously reappearing and in some cases selecting and displaying advertisements to you across the internet that are based on your interests.
Social networking cookies: These cookies are used to enable you to share pages and content that you find interesting on our Sites through third party social networking and other websites. These cookies may also be used for advertising purposes too.
What about other tracking technologies?
Cookies are not the only way to recognise or track visitors to a website. We may use other, similar technologies from time to time, like web beacons (sometimes called "tracking pixels" or "clear gifs"). These are tiny graphics files that contain a unique identifier that enable us to recognise when someone has visited our Sites or opened an e-mail that we have sent them. This allows us, for example, to monitor the traffic patterns of users from one page within our Sites to another, to deliver or communicate with cookies, to understand whether you have come to our Sites from an online advertisement displayed on a third-party website, to improve site performance, and to measure the success of e-mail marketing campaigns. In many instances, these technologies are reliant on cookies to function properly, and so declining cookies will impair their functioning.
Our mobile applications may include third-party application software development kits that provide mobile performance and analytics data, bug reporting features, and APIs to third parties that help provide the Site, for social media functionality, and for marketing and advertising.
Does ClassPass serve targeted advertising?
As described above, third parties may serve cookies on your computer or mobile device through the Sites to serve advertising. These companies may use information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide relevant advertisements about goods and services that you may be interested in. They may also employ technology that is used to measure the effectiveness of advertisements. This can be accomplished by them using cookies or web beacons to collect information about your visits to this and other sites in order to provide relevant advertisements about goods and services of potential interest to you. The information collected through this process does not enable us or them to identify your name, contact details or other directly personally identifying details unless you choose to provide these.
How can I control cookies?
You have the right to decide whether to accept or reject cookies. You can exercise your cookie preferences for certain third-party cookies by clicking on the appropriate opt-out links provided below. You can also set or amend your web browser controls to accept or refuse cookies. If you choose to reject cookies, you may still use our Site though your access to some functionality and areas of our website may be restricted, you may worsen your overall user experience, since it will no longer be personalized to you and it may also stop you from saving customized settings like login information. As the means by which you can refuse cookies through your web browser controls vary from browser-to-browser, you should visit your browser's help menu for more information. To revoke consent, users may disable cookies by modifying their browser settings. The links listed below provide more information about what cookies are installed and how to allow, block or remove cookies from your computer. Depending on which browser you use, you may follow these links:
Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/products/firefox/protect-your-privacy/cookies
Chrome: http://support.google.com/chrome/bin/answer.py?hl=es&answer=95647
Safari: http://support.apple.com/kb/ph5042
Explorer: http://windows.microsoft.com/es-es/windows7/how-to-manage-cookies-in-internet-explorer-9
In addition, most advertising networks offer you a way to opt out of targeted advertising. If you would like to find out more information, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ , https://www.networkadvertising.org/, or http://www.youronlinechoices.com. Please bear in mind that there are many more networks listed on that site than those that we use on our Website.
We use Google cookies for analytics and marketing purposes. You can
opt-out
of Google tracking through
Google Ads Settings
, Ad Settings for mobile apps, or any other available means. Google also provides a Google Analytics
opt-out plug-in
for the web.
What is Do Not Track (DNT)?
DNT is a concept that has been promoted by regulatory agencies such as the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC), for the Internet industry to develop and implement a mechanism for allowing Internet users to control the tracking of their online activities across websites by using browser settings. The World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) has been working with industry groups, Internet browsers, technology companies, and regulators to develop a DNT technology standard. While some progress has been made, it has been slow. No standard has been adopted to this date. As such, ClassPass does not generally respond to "do not track" signals.
How often will this Cookie Notice be updated?
We may update this Cookie Notice from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to the cookies we use or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons. Please therefore revisit this Cookie Notice regularly to stay informed about our use of cookies and related technologies.
The date at the top of this Cookie Notice indicates when it was last updated.
Where can I get further information?
If you have any questions about our use of cookies or other technologies, please contact us
here
.