This Privacy Policy
simadmin
2023-04-27T18:58:40+03:00
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy (hereinafter referred to as the «Policy») regulates the relationship between Full HP Ltd, having its registered office at CENTER POINT, Nikolaou Nikolaidi 4, Office 111, 8010 Paphos, Cyprus, (hereinafter referred to as «Full HP Ltd», «we», «us») and Users (hereinafter referred to as «User», «you»): games of Full HP Ltd, Full HP Ltd websites and related services, in relation to User data and in accordance with the purposes and rules defined by this Policy.
By accepting this Policy, you acknowledge and agree that you have reached the age that allows you to enter into such a binding agreement in your country of residence, or that you have the permission of your parent or legal guardian (if required by applicable law).
By using the Service, you express your consent to this Policy and the processing of your data, including your personal information, in the manner provided for by this Policy. If you do not agree to these terms, do not use this Service.
TERMS AND DEFINITIONS.
1.1. «Data» means any information that identifies, relates to, describes or can be associated with a specific person, so-called personal data and personal information. Data also means any information related to the User when using the Services;
1.2. «User» means a person who uses Full HP Ltd games and/or Full HP Ltd websites and/or related services, and has reached the minimum age required to consent to the collection and processing of data in accordance with the current legislation of the country of residence. Full HP Ltd does not intentionally collect personal information from children under the age of 13, does not request such information from them, does not send them targeted personalized advertising and does not allow them to use our Services. If we become aware that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 13, we will immediately delete such information;
1.3. «Services» — Full HP Ltd games on the mobile platform (iOS, Android, others), and (or) Full HP Ltd websites, and (or) related services;
1.4. «Service» means the use of Full HP Ltd games on the mobile platform (iOS, Android, others), Full HP Ltd websites and related services;
1.5. «Account» is a stored set of data about the user necessary for his identification (authentication) and providing access to his personal data, settings, games and (or) services.
GENERAL PROVISIONS.
2.1. This Policy describes the methods of collecting, storing, using and managing information, including personal information and data that you provide or we collect in connection with the use of our websites or games on the mobile platforms (iOS, Android, others);
2.2. The scope of this Policy is limited to information and data collected or received by Full HP Ltd when using the Service by the User;
2.3. Full HP Ltd is not responsible for the actions of third parties or companies, the content of their websites, the use of information or data that you provide to them, as well as any products or services that they may offer. Links to such sites do not imply our sponsorship or partnership with these individuals or companies;
2.4. Using any Full HP Ltd game or application on a mobile platform allows us to register certain information and data, such as application usage, access time and sessions, in-app purchases, your unique device identifier (permanent/non-permanent), hardware type, media access control address (MAC address), version of your operating system («OS»), your device name, email address (if you connected via a social network, such as Facebook) and your location (based on Internet Protocol address («IP»)). This information is needed for troubleshooting and helps us understand usage trends, as well as improve and optimize Services and your user experience;
2.5. Additionally, we create a unique user identifier (ID) to track the use of our service;
2.6. We may periodically send you push notifications via our mobile apps to send you game updates, high scores and other notifications related to the Service that may be important to you. You can opt out of receiving these messages at any time by disabling them using your device settings. Please note that we do not guarantee the correct operation of the application when this function is disabled;
2.7. We remind you that the use of unjustified advantages obtained dishonestly (cheats) is strictly prohibited. If you use this advantage, your gaming profile may be blocked;
2.8. Any actions to interfere with the program code of the game violate copyrights protected by law and are subject to judicial protection with all costs attributed to the guilty party;
2.9. To run applications on mobile devices, a number of permissions are required, namely:
— ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE: allows the applications to access information about networks;
— CHANGE_WIFI_MULTICAST_STATE: allows applications to enter Wi-Fi Multicast mode;
— FOREGROUND_SERVICE: allows a regular application to use foreground services;
— INTERNET: allows the applications to open network sockets;
— READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE: allows an application to read from external storage;
— RECEIVE_BOOT_COMPLETED: allows the application to receive a message that is broadcast after the system finishes booting;
— VIBRATE: allows access to the vibrator;
— WAKE_LOCK: allows to keep processor from sleeping or screen from dimming;
— BILLING: allows application to sell in-app purchases for real money;
— CAMERA: Required to be able to access the camera device;
— CHECK_LICENSE: allows the application to verify that the user has downloaded a legitimate copy of the app;
— BIND_GET_INSTALL_REFERRER_SERVICE: allows the application to attribute the source of an app’s installation;
— ACCESS_WIFI_STATE: allows the applications to access information about Wi-Fi networks;
— AD_ID: allows to show personalized ads with the consent of the user;
— WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE: allows an application to write to external storage.
PROCESSED DATA.
3.1. We may collect the following information and data about the User:
3.1.1. contact information (name and email address) provided by you;
3.1.2. the user name and password to access the account provided by you;
3.1.3. Account ID;
3.1.4. user profile information that you provide voluntarily (for example, photos, gender, age or date of birth, links to profiles on other social network sites);
3.1.5. automatically collected data (such as IP address, operating system of your device, browser type and language);
3.1.6. Mobile device identifiers (for example, unique device identifier (permanent/non-permanent), hardware type, media access control address (MAC address), international Mobile Equipment Identifier (IMEI) and your device name);
3.1.7. general location information to provide you with the correct version of the application;
3.1.8. information about the exact geographical location from your mobile device (but only with your consent);
3.1.9. game data (for example, interaction with the game and with other players in the game using server log files, your player ID);
3.1.10. data that we receive when you link third-party services (Facebook, Google, etc.) with our Services;
3.1.11. anti-fraud data;
3.1.12. data from the platforms on which the games are launched (for example, for payment verification);
3.1.13. special cookies, known as HTTP cookies.
3.1.14. data for advertising and analytics in order to provide our Services more effectively.
3.2. We are not responsible for the topicality, correctness, completeness or quality of the information provided by you. When you post the specified data yourself, we proceed from the presumption of your good faith and accept the specified information as up-to-date, correct, complete and reliable. If you provide false and/or irrelevant information, access may be restricted or suspended for you until you confirm ownership of the specified information. These measures are necessary to ensure the protection of your data.
USE OF PROCESSED DATA
4.1. Full HP Ltd uses the information received about the User primarily for the purpose of creating an account, providing Services, ensuring the operation and improvement of the Services provided, maintaining communication with the User, displaying personalized advertisements to users in the Services, providing a uniform Policy for everyone within the Services, as well as ensuring the safe and fair provision of Services and their functions.
4.2. Within the framework of all the situations and purposes listed above, we can analyze, profile and segment all the data collected;
4.3. We may store information on our servers and equipment in various countries;
4.4. We use the collected information to:
4.4.1. updating and developing user profiles;
4.4.2. providing products and services at your request;
4.4.3. receipt and confirmation of payments;
4.4.4. development and improvement of Services, as well as the quality of player service;
4.4.5. relationship management with you;
4.4.6. providing communication opportunities within the Services;
4.4.7. personalization of Services for you;
4.4.8. answering your comments and questions, as well as providing support to players;
4.4.9. providing offers within the framework of Services, other services and websites, as well as via e-mail;
4.4.10. sending you related information, such as updates, security alerts and support messages;
4.4.11. providing you with the opportunity to communicate with other players;
4.4.12. providing personalized advertising (tracking the content you access in connection with the Services and other online behavior, as well as providing, configuring and improving our advertisements and Services);
4.4.13. messages to you about promotions, awards, upcoming events and other news about products and services offered by Full HP Ltd and our selected partners;
4.4.14. analysis and monitoring of the use of Services and communication opportunities in them;
4.4.15. moderating chats in automatic or manual mode;
4.4.16. taking measures against players who carry out fraudulent actions or show signs of improper behavior;
4.4.17. contact you to find out about your impressions of the Service, as well as to inform you about the news and special offers of Full HP Ltd;
4.4.18. for any other purposes for which information is collected;
4.5. Data is collected when you provide it as part of the Service and/or registration. Indirect data collection is allowed only on an anonymous basis.
DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES.
5.1. Full HP Ltd does not sell your personal information to third parties. We may disclose data to third parties only in the following cases and to the following persons:
5.1.1. Technical and customer support Providers who assist us in providing Services;
5.1.2. To third-party software vendors, including software-as-a-service solution providers, where the vendor posts relevant personal data on our behalf;
5.1.3. When receiving analytical services that help us develop and improve the Project;
5.1.4. Advertising agencies and organizations or online platforms selected to conduct marketing campaigns on behalf of Full HP Ltd and advertise products or services. In our games, we may place advertisements both independently and with the help of our partners, as well as collect and use data and information about you and your device in connection with such advertising, including your viewing and interaction with any such advertising, use cookies or other similar tracking technologies to deliver, enable, customize and optimize advertising and promotion information that is more relevant to you and based on your use of the game and device.
Advertisers on mobile devices and our third-party advertising and analytics partners sometimes collect and use advertising identifiers to enable the use and optimization of advertising. Ad identifiers are non-permanent device identifiers, such as the Android ad identifier and/or the Apple ad identifier.
These advertisers and third-party advertising and analytics partners may collect and use data and information about you, namely: information about your activity during a session in the Service, viewing and interacting with ads, device ID, MAC address, IMEI, geolocation information and IP address to analyze, track and measure the effectiveness of advertising and provide personalized advertising.
In addition, you can see ads for our games in other services. After clicking on one of these advertisements and installing our game, you will become a user of our Service. To confirm the installation, the device ID can be transmitted to the advertiser, a third-party advertising partner or analytics;
5.1.5. Professional consultants, such as lawyers, accountants, tax consultants, auditors and insurance brokers;
5.1.6. We may disclose your personal data in accordance with the law to investigate, prevent or take action in connection with illegal activities, suspected fraud, violation of our intellectual property rights, situations involving a potential threat to the physical security of any person, violation of our terms or other agreements, or in accordance with the requirements of the law;
5.1.7. Full HP Ltd may transfer your information to another company in connection with any merger, sale of our assets, financing or acquisition of all or part of our business;
5.1.8. To other players and users, your profile, activity in the game and comments and messages published by you;
5.2. In the above cases, the information we collect about you may be sent outside the EU, your country or jurisdiction, to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. Please note that the data protection laws in these countries and jurisdictions may differ from those in your own jurisdiction.
PROCESSING AND STORAGE PERIOD.
6.1. We process and store data for the entire time that your account remains active or as necessary to provide you with Services. With the exception of information that is necessary to comply with the requirements of current legislation (in the field of taxation and accounting), dispute resolution and implementation of agreements;
6.2. Information containing personal data of users collected or created by providing technical support to users is stored during the validity period of the User’s Account that applied for support, in order to ensure the optimal solution of issues and problems. Information that does not contain personal data is stored for the entire duration of the games.
USER RIGHTS.
7.1. You have the right to send us a request for information about the amount of your personal data stored by us;
7.2. If your personal data has changed or you no longer wish to use our Service, you can correct, update, delete inaccuracies or delete all your personal information by informing us. We will respond to your request in a reasonable time. If it is not possible to delete your data, we will inform you about it with an explanation of the reasons;
7.3. If you no longer wish to receive any e-mails, you can unsubscribe from them at any time. To do this, click on the unsubscribe link located at the bottom of each message, or send us an email;
7.4. You have the right to refuse personalized advertising in mobile applications. To do this, go to the privacy settings of your device (Android or iOS) and set «limit ad tracking», for Apple iOS, or «opt-out of interest based ads», for Android;
7.5. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time to receive information from us, for example, by disabling the provision of GPS location data in your mobile device settings or by disabling services in the game settings.
SECURITY AND DATA PROTECTION.
8.1. Full HP Ltd respects the confidentiality of your data and takes appropriate measures to protect your information from unauthorized access or from loss, misuse or modification by third parties;
8.2. Despite the fact that we conscientiously try to store the information collected as part of the Service in a safe working environment that is not publicly available, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of this information when it is transmitted or stored. In addition, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent hackers from illegally accessing this information, since no method of data transmission over the Internet or electronic data storage provides one hundred percent protection, we cannot guarantee absolute data security;
8.3. Your careful attitude to the account and access to it is of great importance for the safety of your data. To prevent unauthorized access to your data and account, we strongly recommend that you do not transfer access to your account to third parties, otherwise we will not be able to guarantee the security of your Data;
8.4. The following actions are prohibited by this Policy and may violate the confidentiality of your data:
8.4.1. transfer of Account information and (or) access rights to third parties;
8.4.2. the use of unauthorized third-party programs, the use of robot programs and (or) programs that change the gameplay, including assistance in the gameplay, they may contain malicious software that may damage the security of your data;
8.4.3. purchase of in-game valuables from third parties.
AMENDMENTS AND ADDITIONS TO THIS POLICY.
9.1. We are updating this Policy to reflect changes in our data usage and privacy practices. We recommend that you visit this page periodically to get the latest information about our privacy principles.
PRIVACY POLICY OF OUR PARTNERS.
10.1. These companies may access your data and process it in accordance with their own privacy policies. Our partners’ privacy policies may include additional terms and disclosures about their data collection and use methods and tracking technologies. We recommend that you read these privacy policies to learn more about their methods of data collection and use, the use of cookies and other similar tracking technologies.
GooglePlayServices —
https://policies.google.com/privacy
GoogleMobileAds (AdMob) —
https://policies.google.com/privacy
PhotonEngine —
https://dashboard.photonengine.com/en/Account/PrivacyAndCookiePolicy
Firebase —
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Tapjoy —
https://www.tapjoy.com/legal/advertisers/advertisers-term-of-service/#privacy-policy
AdColony —
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
AppLovin —
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
Facebook —
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
If you have any questions, please contact us: Full HP Ltd, office at CENTER POINT, Nikolaou Nikolaidi 4, Office 111, 8010 Paphos, Cyprus, either via the game itself or by email madpixel.ltd@gmail.com , or via the Facebook community.
Edition of February 18, 2022