Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect
We collect the following personal information:
– Name
– Address
– Email address
– Phone number
– Credit/Debit Card Information
– User information collected by Facebook and Twitter
In addition, our server logs automatically collect information, such as your IP address, your browser type and language, and the date and time of your visit, which helps us track users’ movements around our site and understand trends. We may assign your computer one or more cookies which may collect information to facilitate access to our website and to personalize your online experience. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may, however, prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
The Way We Use Information:
When purchasing our products, we use the information you provide to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except for service providers, such as credit-card payment processors and shipping companies, which are necessary to complete that order.
We require this information for our own internal record keeping, and in addition, we may use the information to improve our products and services; respond to your questions and comments; measure interest in and improve our products, services, and Web site; notify you about special offers and products or services that may be of interest to you if you have opted to receive email; resolve disputes, collect fees, or troubleshoot problems; prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities including fraudulent transactions; and to enforce our Terms and Conditions.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide while visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Our Commitment To Data Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Mobile App Privacy (iOS and Android)
We do not collect or store any app user usage data. The only personal data we collect is during the initial activation process: name, mobile number, and email.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please send an email to info@eatandplaycard.com
© Copyright © Eat and Play Card - All Rights Reserved
                Hosted and maintained by -
Impeka Inc.