Privacy Policy
Date of latest update: February 17, 2020
This Policy aims at informing you of the following content which might be involved in using MIX:
Our collection and use of your personal information
Our use of Cookie and similar technologies
Our sharing, transfer and public disclosure of your personal information
Our protection of your personal information
Your rights
Our handling of personal information of juveniles
Global transfer of your personal information
Applicable laws and jurisdiction
Renewal of the Policy
Our contact details
With profound understanding of the importance of personal information to you, MIX will do its best to protect your personal information. We are committed to maintaining your trust in us and abiding by the following principles to protect your personal information: the principle of consistency of rights and responsibilities, the principle of explicit purpose, explicit consent principle, the principle of minimum sufficiency, the principle of security, the principle of subject participation and the principle of publicity and transparency. Furthermore, MIX promises to take appropriate security measures to protect your personal information in accordance with the mature security standards in the industry.
Please read and understand this Privacy Policy carefully before using our products (or services).
I. Our Collection and Use of Your Personal Information
Personal information refers to all kinds of information recorded electronically or otherwise that can identify the identity or reflect the activity of a specific natural person, either alone or in combination with other information.
    MIX will only collect and use your personal information out of the following purposes described in this Policy:
A. Business function one: account registration
When you register MIX account, you need to provide your
mobile phone number
(for real name authentication) or
e-mail address
to create the account. Furthermore, you also need to provide a picture (optional) as your avatar and a nickname. Such information will be public if you post in MIX community. Collection of such information is to register MIX account and access all functions of MIX. If you don’t register MIX account, you will still be able to use most fundamental functions of MIX. However, the following functions (including but not limited to) will not be available:
Paid contents of MIX on Android Phones on which in-app purchase through Google Play Store is not a choice.
Download free resources from MIX community.
Contribute to MIX community.
B. Business function two: editing
When you edit pictures, to provide you with corresponding services, we may need you to grant the following permissions in terminal systems:
Cameras, to take photos.
Album (iOS) or storage (Android) rights, to read and store photos.
Locations, to include
geographic location information
in the photos.
If you reject to authorize the above, corresponding functions will not be available.
C. Business function three: in-product purchase
When you purchase MIX paid services (for example, filter, VIP), we will collect corresponding
order information,
including order number, purchase voucher, commodity ID and
MIX account
(only when logged on to MIX account).
D. Other business functions
To continuously update and optimize our service experience and perform trouble shooting, we may collect the information of your device specification, operation system, type and version, system language and time zone, unique device identification code, IP address,
geographic location information,
MIX crash logs, MIX use/click records, and network access method, type and status.
MIX may provide services of transferring to third-party application/website in terms of advertising cooperation. Please make sure you read the User Agreement and Privacy Policy of the third-party application/website carefully and confirm before you use. MIX will not access or store any data that you provided for such third-party application/website.
When you provide feedbacks, consultations, or complaints to MIX, to help you better contact and solve the problem,
        we may need your
name, mobile phone number, e-mail
and other valid
contact information.
If you reject to provide above information, the follow-up handling of your issue may be hindered and may not be completed in time.
II. Our Use of Cookie and Similar Technologies
MIX does not use cookie or similar technologies itself. To function normally, MIX will present some information on the webpage—for example, you’re reading this Privacy Policy, but such pages don’t include cookie.
MIX may transfer to the webpage provided by the advertising party in terms of related cooperation. Such webpages may include cookie. The purpose of such cookie is to make sure of the advertisement release, and MIX will not read or store these cookies.
III. Our Sharing, Transfer and Public Disclosure of Your Personal Information
A. Sharing
We will not share your personal information with any company, organization or individual other than Chengdu Pinguo Technology Co., Ltd., except as follows:
Sharing with explicit consent: we will share your personal information with other parties upon your explicit consent.
We may share your personal information externally in accordance with laws and regulations, need for litigation and dispute resolution, or compulsory requirements put forward by government authorities or judicial authorities.
We may provide your personal information for third parties when it is necessary for protecting Pinguo and its users or the public interest, property or safety from damage to the extent required or permitted by law.
Sharing with our affiliates: Your personal information may be shared with affiliates of Chengdu Pinguo Technology Co., Ltd. Only necessary personal information will be shared for the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy. Your authorization will be asked for again if the affiliate wants to change the purpose of processing personal information.
Our affiliates include: Beijing Pinguo Technology Co., Ltd. and Chengdu Jiapin Zhiyun Technology Co., Ltd.
Sharing with authorized partners: some of our services will be provided by authorized partners only for the purposes stated in this Policy. We may share some of your personal information with our partners to ensure the delivery of services to you and to provide you with better customer service and user experience. We will only share your personal information for legitimate, proper, necessary, specific and explicit purposes and only share the personal information necessary for service providing. Our partners are not authorized to use the shared personal information for any other purpose.
Currently, our authorized partners are of the following types:
Advertising partners. They mainly help us with the effect evaluation and data analysis of the advertising, so as to optimize our services and provide you with better experience. The personal information we may provide to these customers include: IP address, device information (device specification, operation system, unique device identification code, network access method, type and status, language and time zone).
Technical support partners. To complete corresponding function, we will access third-party SDK to get technical support, for example, to help us know about user distribution and with the data analysis, and we may disclose the following personal information to such partners. MIX, in different periods, will choose some of the partners or make changes to them, so the partners listed below may be subject to modifications.
Name of Third-party SDK
Description of usage scenarios
Types of personal information shared
Fabric
For crash log collection
Unique device ID,
geographic location info
Bugly
For crash log collection
Crash log, unique device ID
Umeng Push
for personalized push
Device MAC address, unique device ID, IP address
Sharing SDK (Weibo, QQ, WeChat)
For uses to voluntarily share photos on third-party platforms
Device MAC address, unique device ID
Sharing SDK (Facebook, Twitter)
For uses to voluntarily share photos on third-party platforms
Device MAC address, unique device ID
B. Transfer
We will never transfer your personal information to any company, organization, or individual, except as follows:
Transfer with explicit consent: we will transfer your personal information upon your explicit consent.
If transfer of personal information is involved in merger, acquisition or bankruptcy liquidation, we will request the new company or organization which holds your personal information to continue to follow this Privacy Policy; otherwise, we will request the company or organization to ask for your authorization again.
C. Public Disclosure
We only disclose your personal information publicly in the following cases:
Your explicit consent is obtained;
Law-based disclosure: We may disclose your personal information publicly as required by laws, legal procedures, litigation or government authorities.
D. Exception
In accordance with the relevant laws and regulations, we may collect, share, transfer or publicly disclose your personal information without obtaining your consent in the following cases.
Cases directly related to national interests such as national security and national defense security.
Cases directly related to vital public interests such as public safety, public health and public acquisition.
Cases directly related to crime investigation, prosecution, trial and judgment enforcement.
Cases where it is difficult to obtain your consent but the purpose is to protect your or other individuals' vital legitimate interests such as life, property and reputation, etc.
Cases where it is necessary for signing and performing contracts according to your requirements;
Cases where it is necessary for maintaining safe and stable operation of the products or services provided, such as identification or disposal of failures of products or services.
Cases where it is necessary for statistics or academic research in the public interest and personal information contained in the results of academic research or description provided externally is de-identified.
Cases where personal information is collected from legally and publicly disclosed information, such as legal news reports, government information publicity, etc.
Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.
IV. Our Protection of Your Personal Information
A. We’ve applied industry-standard safety protection measures to your personal information provided to prevent data from unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss. We’ll take all reasonable and feasible measures to protect your personal information. For example, exchange of data between your browser and the “Service” (such as credit card information) is protected by SSL encryption; we provide supporting Web service for products with HTTPS secure access; we’ll apply trusted protection mechanisms to prevent data from malicious attack; we’ll deploy access control mechanisms to ensure that only authorized personnel can access personal information; and we will organize security and privacy protection training courses to strengthen employees' awareness of the importance of personal information protection.
B. We’ll take all reasonable and feasible measures to ensure that no irrelevant personal information is collected. We promise that the storage time of your personal information is always within rationally necessary term as required by laws or needed for realization of product features and services. We’ll delete or anonymize personal information immediately upon expiration.
C. We highly recommend avoiding sending personal information by means of Email, instant messaging and unencrypted ways to communicate with other MIX users, as the Internet environment is not absolutely safe. Please use complex passwords to help us keep your account secure.
D. We’ll do our best to ensure or guarantee the security of any information you send us, as the Internet environment is not 100% safe.
In case of incidents of personal information security, we will promptly inform you as required by laws and regulations of: the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the measures we have taken or will take, suggestions and remedies for you to prevent and reduce risk autonomously, etc. We will promptly inform you of everything about the incident by email, phone and push notification, etc., and make an announcement in a reasonable and effective manner when it is difficult to notify the subjects of individual information one by one. Furthermore, we will take the initiative to report the handling of personal information security incidents as required by regulatory authorities.
V. Your Rights
We guarantee the following rights for your personal information:
A. To access and modify your personal information
If you want to access or modify the personal information in your account, you can do it through [MIX]-[Home Page]-[My Account].
B. To delete your personal information
You can request us to delete your personal information through the contact details specified in Item X of this Policy if:
Our behavior of handling personal information violates laws and regulations.
We collect and use your personal information without your consent.
Our behavior of handling personal information violates the agreement with you.
You leave off our products or services, or cancel your account.
We no longer provide you with products or services.
If we decide to respond to your request for information deletion, we will also notify the entities that have obtained your personal information from us at the same time and require them to delete the information in a timely manner, unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations, or these entities have obtained your separate authorization. We may not delete the corresponding information from the standby system immediately upon your deletion of information from our services, but we’ll delete it when the backup is updated.
C. To withdraw your authorization
If you want to withdraw your authorization, you can contact us through the contact details specified in this Policy. We will handle your request within a reasonable period after receiving your e-mail or registered mail.
However, please acknowledge and agree that when you withdraw certain authorization, the related product functions may not be available any more. We cannot recover specific functions and/or services after you withdraw the consent or authorization, and you decision of withdrawing the authorization will not affect the previous processing of your personal information based on your authorization
D. To cancel the account by the owner of the personal information
You can cancel the account registered before at any time through the following procedures:
Cancel your account through [MIX]-[Home Page]-[My Account].
After canceling the account, we will terminate the services related to your MIX account and delete your personal information as you required, unless otherwise stipulated in laws and regulations.
F. To respond to your above requests
You may need to provide a written request, or otherwise prove your identity for security. We may ask you to authenticate yourself before processing your request. We’ll respond within thirty days.
Your reasonable request is free of charge in principle, but we may charge the cost for repeated, unreasonable requests appropriately. We may reject requests that repeat for no reason, need excessive technical means (for example, need to develop a new system or alter existing practices radically), and are risky for the legitimate rights and interests of others or totally unrealistic (for example, involving information stored on backup tapes).
In accordance with laws and regulations, we are unable to respond to your request in the following cases:
It is directly related to national security and national defense security.
It is directly related to public safety, public health and vital public interests.
It is directly related to crime investigation, prosecution, trial and judgment enforcement.
It is replete with evidence that you are malicious subjectively or abusing your rights.
Response to your request will impose serious damage to the legitimate rights and interests of you or other individuals and organizations.
Any commercial secret is involved.
VI. Our Handling of Personal Information of Juveniles
A. Our products, websites and services are primarily for adults. Juveniles are not allowed to create their own user accounts without the consent of their parents or guardians. If you are a minor under the age of 14, please read this Policy together with your guardian and make sure of acquisition of explicit consent of your guardian before using our products/services and providing us with your personal information.
B. In the case of collecting personal information of juveniles upon consent of their parents, we’ll only use or publicly disclose the information when it is permitted by laws, agreed by parents or guardians explicitly or it is necessary for protecting the juveniles.
C. If your guardian refuses your use of our services or providing us with personal information in accordance with this Policy, please terminate your use of our services immediately and notify us in a timely manner.
VII. Global Transfer of Your Personal Information
We’ll store personal information collected in the territory of the People's Republic of China in the same territory in accordance with laws and regulations.
What’s more, since we provide products or services via resources and servers worldwide, your personal information may be transferred to jurisdictions foreign to the country/region where you use the products or services or be subject to access from these jurisdictions.
VIII. Applicable Laws and Jurisdiction
This Privacy Policy is applicable to the laws in mainland, PRC. The disputes under this Policy shall be under the jurisdiction of competent courts in Chengdu City, Sichuan Province, PRC.
IX. Renewal of the Policy
A. Our privacy policy is subject to change or revision. We’ll never cut your entitlements under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We’ll post any change to this Policy on this page. We’ll notify you of major changes by email, phone and push.
B. Major changes referred to in this Policy include but not limited to:
Changes in the purpose for which we process personal information, the types of personal information processed and the usage of personal information.
Changes in your rights in handling personal information and the exercise style.
High risk is indicated in the personal information safety impact evaluation report.
X. Our Contact Details
If you have any questions, advice, suggestions of complaints about this policy or service contents, you can contact us by sending e-mails to pinguo@camera360.com.