Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Effective Date: This Privacy Policy became effective on September 25th, 2023.
This is the privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") for the Web site located at
https://www.PackageFromSanta.com
(the "Site") made available by PackageFromSanta.com, the legal owner of the Site ("PackageFromSanta.com," "we," "us" or "our"). This Privacy Policy sets forth our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of certain information relating to your use of the Site. Your use of this Site signifies your understanding and acceptance of the terms of this Privacy Policy.
At PackageFromSanta.com we are committed to protecting the privacy of our customers, which is why we do not sell or rent any personal identifiable information regarding our customers to any third party. We hope the policy below will answer your questions regarding how we treat information gathered from visitors to our Site. If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or wish to exclude your Personal Information from our direct marketing purposes, please feel free to contact us at
sales@packagefromsanta.com
or by writing to us at PackageFromSanta.com, Attn: Customer Service - 64155 Van Dyke Avenue, Suite 232, Washington, Michigan 48095 USA
This Privacy Policy will be continuously assessed against new technologies, business practices and our customers’ needs. As we update and diversify our products and services, this Privacy Policy may evolve. Please check this page for updates periodically. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by email or by prominent notice on our homepage prior to the changes taking effect. Your use of the Site following any posted changes to the Privacy Policy indicates your acceptance of such changes.
By providing any Personal Information (as defined below) to this Site, you fully understand and unambiguously consent to the collection and processing of such information in the United States in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
What Information We Collect
In order to process your order efficiently, we collect the following information: name, billing address, shipping address, e-mail address, phone number, and credit card number ("Personal Information") when you place an order with us. Under certain circumstances we may also collect a user’s IP address (i.e., the Internet number associated with your specific computer); for example if we suspect that credit card fraud may have occurred. We also may periodically conduct surveys of visitors to our Site. This helps us better understand what our customers would like to see from us. We use this information for internal marketing research purposes. We may contact you if you responded to a survey for more information, but only if you have told us that you don’t mind being contacted.
With respect to emails that you may receive from us, we capture data related to the opening, click-through and sales conversion process. This information is used for internal PackageFromSanta.com review and analysis only.
We may choose to post customer testimonials on our web site which may contain personal information such as the customer's name. We do obtain the customer's consent prior to posting the testimonial to post their name along with their testimonial.
If you use a bulletin board, blog, or chat room on this website, you should be aware that any personal information you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the personal information you choose to submit in these forums. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us at
sales@packagefromsanta.com
. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
Use of Information that You Provide
At PackageFromSanta.com we collect Personal Information only for the purposes of fulfilling orders, providing a high level of customer service, gaining knowledge internally regarding what our customers want and mailing circulars and special offers from PackageFromSanta.com (collectively, "Information Usage Purposes"). We do not sell Personal Information and we do not disclose Personal Information to any other party, except as set forth in this Privacy policy.
Import Contacts: You can import contacts from your Outlook or other email account address book to invite them to become members of our website. We collect the username and password for the email account from which you wish to import your contacts, and will only use your personal information for that purpose.
SMS
You understand that PackageFromSanta.com has the right to utilize any cellular telephone number you provide to send Short Message Service ("SMS") and/or other recurring marketing text messages, only after opting in (by clicking on a designated text box) via any PackageFromSanta.com website or email, as reflected in and subject to the
Terms
, which is incorporated by reference.
Sharing of Your Information With Our Partners
We may share your Personal Information with our employees and with companies acting as our authorized agents or partners in providing our service or co-branded services (e.g., credit card processing and customer and support services – i.e.; Constant Contact) to you and for Information Usage Purposes. These companies agree to use such Personal Information only for such specified purposes. Each partner must agree to implement and maintain reasonable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of your Personal Information in order to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification or disclosure.
Upon request PackageFromSanta.com will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information. At PackageFromSanta.com we go to great lengths to maintain accurate personal information. To update/correct any of your collected personal information, you may make the changes on our member login page or by emailing us at:
sales@packagefromsanta.com
, or go to
https://packagefromsanta.zendesk.com/home
. We will respond to your request for access within a reasonable timeframe.
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at
sales@packagefromsanta.com
. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Release of Information to Protect Our Site and Others
In certain situations, PackageFromSanta.com may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. PackageFromSanta.com reserves the right to disclose your personal information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Web site.
Change of Ownership
If PackageFromSanta.com is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
How to Opt-out
We ask that you tell us when you do not wish to receive periodic e-mails from us. We will only send e-mail for customer service purposes and to those visitors who have indicated that they wish to receive other types of e-mail from us. If at any time you wish to stop receiving e-mail from us, you can always remove your name from our mailing list by sending an e-mail to
sales@packagefromsanta.com
stating that you wish to unsubscribe and indicating in the subject line of the e-mail "NO E-MAIL".
If at any time you do not want to receive offers and/or circulars from us, you can always remove yourself from our mailing list by sending an e-mail to
sales@packagefromsanta.com
, indicating "NO SNAIL MAIL" in the subject line along with your name, address and zip code.
Security of the Information You Provide
Among our top priorities is keeping your Personal Information secure. We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to encrypt all of your Personal Information before it is transmitted to us. Encrypted information cannot be read or recorded as it travels over the Internet. You can tell you are sending information securely by the unbroken key icon or closed lock icon that should appear at the bottom of your Internet browser's window (depending on what browser you use). These icons will appear when you are placing an order on our Site. In addition, you will see our Site address change slightly, from http: to https: indicating a secure server connection is being used. The computers that store your Personal Information are located in a separate facility which employs the latest in firewall and security technology. We employ these procedures to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification or disclosure.
Your Personal Information will be stored and processed on our computers in the United States. The laws on holding Personal Information in the United States may vary and be less stringent than laws of your state or country. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to hold and transmit your Personal Information in a safe, confidential and secure environment. If you object to your Personal Information being transferred or used in this manner please do not register with or use the Site.
ALTHOUGH WE WILL TAKE (AND REQUIRE OUR THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS TO TAKE) REASONABLE SECURITY PRECAUTIONS REGARDING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED FROM AND STORED ON THE SITE, BECAUSE OF THE OPEN NATURE OF THE INTERNET, WE CANNOT GUARANTEE THAT ANY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION STORED ON OUR SERVERS, OR TRANSMITTED TO OR FROM A USER, WILL BE FREE FROM UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS. ACCORDINGLY, WE DISCLAIM ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY THEFT OR LOSS OF, UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS OR DAMAGE TO, OR INTERCEPTION OF ANY DATA OR COMMUNICATIONS. BY USING THE SITE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO ASSUME THESE RISKS.
Data Retention and Prevention of Re-registration
To maintain a legitimate use environment and prevent free offers and free trial abuse, we retain a record of your email address upon account deletion post-free trial.
This protocol discourages repeated free trial sign-ups with the same email address, aligning with data protection regulations.
Your email address is pseudonymized into a hashed value, enabling re-registration detection without retaining the actual email address. This pseudonymized data is retained for a period of 12 months, post which it is permanently deleted.
Tracking Technologies
We PackageFromSanta.com and our partners use technologies such as cookies or similar technologies to analyze trends, administer the website, track users’ movements around the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level.
We use Local Storage such as HTML5, to store content information and preferences. Third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our website or to display advertising based upon your web browsing activity also use HTML5 to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5.
Log files
As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information may include Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data.
We partner with a third party to either display advertising on our website or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third party partner may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on this website and other sites in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests.
Use of Information in Contests.
Occasionally, we may run a promotion such as a contest, and you will be given the opportunity to enter by filling out an entry form. Your entry information will be used for the immediate purpose of notification in connection with the sweepstakes or contest, in the event you win, and sometimes address information may be used to verify identity. If you choose to enter such a promotion, you may also have the opportunity to consent to receive future communications from PackageFromSanta.com. Since we value your privacy, you will always have the opportunity to stop such communications by opting-out, as detailed above.
Intended Users - Use By Children
All products available for sale on the PackageFromSanta.com website are intended to be purchased by adults.
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age. PackageFromSanta.com will promptly delete information provided by a child. Simply contact us at
sales@packagefromsanta.com
.
Links to Other Web Sites
The Site may also contain links to other Web sites and advertising. The privacy policies of other Web site operators or advertisers may significantly differ from our Privacy Policy. We urge you to contact third-party Web site operators or advertisers directly if you have any questions or concerns about their data collection or privacy policies. PACKAGEFROMSANTA.COM ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY FOR ANY THIRD-PARTY WEB SITE OPERATORS’ OR ADVERTISERS’ DATA COLLECTION PRACTICES OR THEIR FAILURE TO ABIDE BY THEIR PRIVACY POLICIES.
Referrals
If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our site, we will ask you for your friend’s name and email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site. PackageFromSanta.com stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program.
Your friend may contact us at
sales@packagefromsanta.com
to request that we remove this information from our database.
Social Media Widgets
Our Web site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Your Acceptance of These Terms
By using our Site, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. Make sure you read this Privacy Policy carefully, because if you do choose to use our Site, you automatically agree to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use our Site. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time. If this Privacy Policy changes in the future, we will let you know by posting the new Privacy Policy on our Site or by sending an email to our opt-in list. Please check this Web page periodically for changes. Your continued use of our Site following the posting of changes to these terms and conditions will mean you accept the changes contained in the latest published Privacy Policy.
Any questions about our Privacy Policy should be directed to:
PackageFromSanta.com
Attention: Customer Service Privacy
64155 Van Dyke Avenue, Suite 232
Washington, Michigan 48095 USA
sales@packagefromsanta.com
© PackageFromSanta.com. All rights reserved.