SMG Studio - Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which SMG Studio collects,
uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "
User
") of the
smgstudio.com
website ("
Site
")
 and any mobile, desktop or console games created. This privacy policy
applies to the Site and all products and services offered by SMG Studio.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a
variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our
site, subscribe to the newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form,
 and in connection with other activities, services, features or
resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as
appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number. Users
may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal
identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit
such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally
identification information, except that it may prevent them from
engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users
whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification
information may include the browser name, the type of computer and
technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such
as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and
other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web
browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes
and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set
their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are
being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not
function properly.
How we use collected information
SMG Studio collects and uses Users personal information for the following purposes:
To administer a content, promotion, survey or other Site feature
To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
To send periodic emails
The email address Users provide for order processing, will only be
used to send them information and updates pertaining to their order. It
may also be used to respond to their inquiries, and/or other requests or
 questions.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing
practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access,
alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information,
username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING (EEA users only)
If you are a user from the European Economic Area (EEA), our legal basis for collecting and processing the information described above will depend on the information concerned and the specific context in which we collect and process it. We collect and process information from you only where we have your consent (Art. 6 para 1 lit. a) GDPR), where we need the information to provide our contractual obligation to you (Art. 6 para 1 lit. b) GDPR) or where we have a legitimate interest to do so.
If you wish to learn more about specific legal ground(s) we rely on to process your information for any particular purpose (including any legitimate interests we have to process information), then please contact us using the details provided below under “Contact Us”. However, by way of example, we rely on our legitimate interests to process information for direct marketing purposes and for fraud prevention and detection, provided these interests are not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms (Art. 6 para 1 lit. f) GDPR).
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS OF PERSONAL DATA
The data servers used for our app are located in countries outside your own country and outside the European Union, specifically in the United States of America and in Australia. The laws applicable to the protection of personal data in those countries may be different from those applicable in your home country. In particular, if you are using the app from within the European Union, please note that personal data collected within the app will be transferred outside the European Union. By using the app, you consent to personal data about you being transferred outside your own country and, where applicable, outside the European Union.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification
information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic
information not linked to any personal identification information
regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted
affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Changes to this privacy policy
SMG Studio has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any
time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this
page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes
to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal
information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your
responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become
aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If
you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of
 this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
SMG Studio
smgstudio.com
SMG Studio
407 / 22 Mountain Street
Ultimo, Sydney, NSW, Australia
privacy.officer@smgstudio.com
This document was last updated on April 4, 2024