Playlist
Other
hearthis.at
pause
0:04
on 19.10.2017
1.324.286
7
57
9
Add
to Set
to Group
to Playlist
···
Embed
Suggest Genre
Report abuse
0:04
0:00
0
First Drop!
1:20
0
Break
1:58
1
Vocal start
3:00
2
Second Drop
3:20
3
Sign in
Sign in with Facebook
Sign in with Google
Your email address
Your password
Sign in
Lost Password?
Don't have an account?
Create account now, it's free!
Create account
Sign up with Facebook
Sign up with Google
Your name
Your email address
Your password
Signup as Group
I am a group, organization, label or band and want to link other Artists on my page
Create Account
Already have an account?
Log In!
By using our services you accept our
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Service
.
Cookie Settings
Report barrier
Copyright Compliance Service by ACRCloud
Privacy Policy
1. An overview of data protection
General
The following gives a simple overview of what happens to your personal information when you visit our website. Personal information is any data with which you could be personally identified. Detailed information on the subject of data protection can be found in our privacy policy found below.
Data collection on our website
Who is responsible for the data collection on this website?
The data collected on this website are processed by the website operator. The operator's contact details can be found in the website's required legal notice.
How do we collect your data?
Some data are collected when you provide it to us. This could, for example, be data you enter on a contact form.
Other data are collected automatically by our IT systems when you visit the website. These data are primarily technical data such as the browser and operating system you are using or when you accessed the page. These data are collected automatically as soon as you enter our website.
What do we use your data for?
Part of the data is collected to ensure the proper functioning of the website. Other data can be used to analyze how visitors use the site.
What rights do you have regarding your data?
You always have the right to request information about your stored data, its origin, its recipients, and the purpose of its collection at no charge. You also have the right to request that it be corrected, blocked, or deleted. You can contact us at any time using the address given in the legal notice if you have further questions about the issue of privacy and data protection. You may also, of course, file a complaint with the competent regulatory authorities.
Analytics and third-party tools
When visiting our website, statistical analyses may be made of your surfing behavior. This happens primarily using cookies and analytics. The analysis of your surfing behavior is usually anonymous, i.e. we will not be able to identify you from this data. You can object to this analysis or prevent it by not using certain tools. Details can be found in our privacy policy under the heading "Third-party modules and analytics."
You can object to this analysis. We will inform you below about how to exercise your options in this regard.
2. General information and mandatory information
Data protection
The operators of this website take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data as confidential and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this privacy policy.
If you use this website, various pieces of personal data will be collected. Personal information is any data with which you could be personally identified. This privacy policy explains what information we collect and what we use it for. It also explains how and for what purpose this happens.
Please note that data transmitted via the internet (e.g. via email communication) may be subject to security breaches. Complete protection of your data from third-party access is not possible.
Notice concerning the party responsible for this website
The party responsible for processing data on this website is:
Benedikt Groß
hearthis.at
Annaberger Strasse 282
09125 Chemnitz
Telephone:  +4937127254900
Email: contact@hearthis.at
The responsible party is the natural or legal person who alone or jointly with others decides on the purposes and means of processing personal data (names, email addresses, etc.).
Revocation of your consent to the processing of your data
Many data processing operations are only possible with your express consent. You may revoke your consent at any time with future effect. An informal email making this request is sufficient. The data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed.
Right to data portability
You have the right to have data which we process based on your consent or in fulfillment of a contract automatically delivered to yourself or to a third party in a standard, machine-readable format. If you require the direct transfer of data to another responsible party, this will only be done to the extent technically feasible.
SSL or TLS encryption
This site uses SSL or TLS encryption for security reasons and for the protection of the transmission of confidential content, such as the inquiries you send to us as the site operator. You can recognize an encrypted connection in your browser's address line when it changes from "http://" to "https://" and the lock icon is displayed in your browser's address bar.
If SSL or TLS encryption is activated, the data you transfer to us cannot be read by third parties.
Encrypted payments on this website
If you enter into a contract which requires you to send us your payment information (e.g. account number for direct debits), we will require this data to process your payment.
Payment transactions using common means of payment (Visa/MasterCard, direct debit) are only made via encrypted SSL or TLS connections. You can recognize an encrypted connection in your browser's address line when it changes from "http://" to "https://" and the lock icon in your browser line is visible.
In the case of encrypted communication, any payment details you submit to us cannot be read by third parties.
Information, blocking, deletion
As permitted by law, you have the right to be provided at any time with information free of charge about any of your personal data that is stored as well as its origin, the recipient and the purpose for which it has been processed. You also have the right to have this data corrected, blocked or deleted. You can contact us at any time using the address given in our legal notice if you have further questions on the topic of personal data.
Opposition to promotional emails
We hereby expressly prohibit the use of contact data published in the context of website legal notice requirements with regard to sending promotional and informational materials not expressly requested. The website operator reserves the right to take specific legal action if unsolicited advertising material, such as email spam, is received.
3. Data collection on our website
Cookies
Our web pages use cookies. Cookies do not harm your computer and do not contain any viruses. Cookies help make our website more user-friendly, efficient, and secure. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and saved by your browser.
Most of the cookies we use are so-called "session cookies." They are automatically deleted after your visit. Other cookies remain in your device's memory until you delete them. These cookies make it possible to recognize your browser when you next visit the site.
You can configure your browser to inform you about the use of cookies so that you can decide on a case-by-case basis whether to accept or reject a cookie. Alternatively, your browser can be configured to automatically accept cookies under certain conditions or to always reject them, or to automatically delete cookies when closing your browser. Disabling cookies may limit the functionality of this website.
Cookies which are necessary to allow electronic communications or to provide certain functions you wish to use (such as the shopping cart) are stored pursuant to Art. 6 paragraph 1, letter f of DSGVO. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the storage of cookies to ensure an optimized service provided free of technical errors. If other cookies (such as those used to analyze your surfing behavior) are also stored, they will be treated separately in this privacy policy.
Server log files
The website provider automatically collects and stores information that your browser automatically transmits to us in "server log files". These are:
Browser type and browser version
Operating system used
Referrer URL
Host name of the accessing computer
Time of the server request
IP address
These data will not be combined with data from other sources.
The basis for data processing is Art. 6 (1) (b) DSGVO, which allows the processing of data to fulfill a contract or for measures preliminary to a contract.
Contact form
Should you send us questions via the contact form, we will collect the data entered on the form, including the contact details you provide, to answer your question and any follow-up questions. We do not share this information without your permission.
We will, therefore, process any data you enter onto the contact form only with your consent per Art. 6 (1)(a) DSGVO. You may revoke your consent at any time. An informal email making this request is sufficient. The data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed.
We will retain the data you provide on the contact form until you request its deletion, revoke your consent for its storage, or the purpose for its storage no longer pertains (e.g. after fulfilling your request). Any mandatory statutory provisions, especially those regarding mandatory data retention periods, remain unaffected by this provision.
Registration on this website
You can register on our website in order to access additional functions offered here. The input data will only be used for the purpose of using the respective site or service for which you have registered. The mandatory information requested during registration must be provided in full. Otherwise, we will reject your registration.
To inform you about important changes such as those within the scope of our site or technical changes, we will use the email address specified during registration.
We will process the data provided during registration only based on your consent per Art. 6 (1)(a) DSGVO. You may revoke your consent at any time with future effect. An informal email making this request is sufficient. The data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed.
We will continue to store the data collected during registration for as long as you remain registered on our website. Statutory retention periods remain unaffected.
Registration with Facebook Connect
Instead of registering directly on our website, you may also register using Facebook Connect. This service is provided by Facebook Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Ireland.
If you decide to register with Facebook Connect and click on the "Login with Facebook" or "Connect with Facebook" buttons, you will be automatically redirected to the Facebook platform. There you can log in with your Facebook username and password. This will link your Facebook profile to our website or services. This link gives us access to your data stored on Facebook. Including especially your:
Facebook name
Facebook profile picture
Facebook cover picture
Email address provided to Facebook
Facebook ID
Birthday
Gender
Country
Language
This data will be used to set up, provide, and personalize your account.
For more information, see Facebook's Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. These can be found at
https://de-de.facebook.com/about/privacy/
and
https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/
.
Registration with Twitter
Instead of registering directly on our website, you may also register using Twitter. This service is provided by Twitter International Company, One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, D02 AX07, Ireland.
If you decide to register with Twitter and click on the "Login with Twitter" or "Connect with Twitter" buttons, you will be automatically redirected to the Twitter platform. There you can log in with your Twitter username and password. This will link your Twitter profile to our website or services. This link gives us access to your data stored on Facebook. Including especially your:
Twitter ID
This data will be used to set up, provide, and personalize your account.
For more information, see Twitter's Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. These can be found at
https://twitter.com/de/privacy
and
https://twitter.com/de/tos
.
Registration with Google
Instead of registering directly on our website, you may also register using Google. This service is provided by Google Ireland, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland
If you decide to register with Google and click on the "Login with Facebook" or "Connect with Google" buttons, you will be automatically connected with Google. There you can log in with your Google username and password. This will link your Google profile to our website or services. This link gives us access to your data stored on Google. Including especially your:
Google name
Email address provided to Google
Google ID
This data will be used to set up, provide, and personalize your account.
For more information, see Google's Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. These can be found at
https://policies.google.com/privacy
and
https://policies.google.com/terms
.
Usage and Interacting with this website
If you use and interact on this site like comments, reactions, likes, reposts, plays, downloads, messages, uploads, group/set additions, the time and your user id will be stored along with each action.
Storage of the IP address hashes
Interactions like comments, reactions, likes, reposts, plays, downloads, messages, uploads, group/set additions stores the IP address hashes of those users who use our website. We need this information to be able to pursue action for illegal, abusing or slanderous actions.
How long interactions and usage information are stored
The interactions and usage information and the associated data (e.g. IP address hashes) are stored and remain on our website until the content you interacted with upon has been completely deleted or your account has been completely deleted.
Legal basis
The interactions are stored based on your consent per Art. 6 (1) (a) DSGVO. You may revoke your consent at any time with future effect. An informal email making this request is sufficient. The data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed.
Processing of data (customer and contract data)
We collect, process, and use personal data only insofar as it is necessary to establish, or modify legal relationships with us (master data). This is done based on Art. 6 (1) (b) DSGVO, which allows the processing of data to fulfill a contract or for measures preliminary to a contract. We collect, process and use your personal data when accessing our website (usage data) only to the extent required to enable you to access our service or to bill you for the same.
Collected customer data shall be deleted after completion of the order or termination of the business relationship. Legal retention periods remain unaffected.
Data transmitted when entering into a contract with online shops, retailers, and mail order
We transmit personally identifiable data to third parties only to the extent required to fulfill the terms of your contract, for example, to companies entrusted to deliver goods to your location or banks entrusted to process your payments. Your data will not be transmitted for any other purpose unless you have given your express permission to do so. Your data will not be disclosed to third parties for advertising purposes without your express consent.
The basis for data processing is Art. 6 (1) (b) DSGVO, which allows the processing of data to fulfill a contract or for measures preliminary to a contract.
Data transferred when signing up for services and digital content
We transmit personally identifiable data to third parties only to the extent required to fulfill the terms of your contract with us, for example, to banks entrusted to process your payments.
Your data will not be transmitted for any other purpose unless you have given your express permission to do so. Your data will not be disclosed to third parties for advertising purposes without your express consent.
The basis for data processing is Art. 6 (1) (b) DSGVO, which allows the processing of data to fulfill a contract or for measures preliminary to a contract.
4. Social media
Facebook plugins (Like & Share buttons)
Our website includes plugins for the social network Facebook, Facebook Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, California 94025, USA. The Facebook plugins can be recognized by the Facebook logo or the Like button on our site. For an overview of Facebook plugins, see
https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/
.
When you visit our site, a direct connection between your browser and the Facebook server is established via the plugin. This enables Facebook to receive information that you have visited our site from your IP address. If you click on the Facebook "Like button" while you are logged into your Facebook account, you can link the content of our site to your Facebook profile. This allows Facebook to associate visits to our site with your user account. Please note that, as the operator of this site, we have no knowledge of the content of the data transmitted to Facebook or of how Facebook uses these data. For more information, please see Facebook's privacy policy at
https://de-de.facebook.com/policy.php
.
If you do not want Facebook to associate your visit to our site with your Facebook account, please log out of your Facebook account.
Twitter plugin
Functions of the Twitter service have been integrated into our website and app. These features are offered by Twitter Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA. When you use Twitter and the �Retweet� function, the websites you visit are connected to your Twitter account and made known to other users. In doing so, data will also be transferred to Twitter. We would like to point out that, as the provider of these pages, we have no knowledge of the content of the data transmitted or how it will be used by Twitter. For more information on Twitter's privacy policy, please go to
https://twitter.com/privacy
.
Your privacy preferences with Twitter can be modified in your account settings at
https://twitter.com/account/settings
.
Google+ plugin
Our pages use Google+ functions. It is operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
Collection and disclosure of information: Using the Google +1 button allows you to publish information worldwide. By means of the Google+ button, you and other users can receive custom content from Google and our partners. Google stores both the fact that you have +1'd a piece of content and information about the page you were viewing when you clicked +1. Your +1 can be displayed together with your profile name and photo in Google services, for example in search results or in your Google profile, or in other places on websites and advertisements on the Internet.
Google records information about your +1 activities to improve Google services for you and others. To use the Google + button, you need a globally visible, public Google profile that must contain at least the name chosen for the profile. This name is used by all Google services. In some cases, this name may also replace a different name that you have used to share content via your Google account. The identity of your Google profile can be shown to users who know your email address or other information that can identify you.
Use of collected data: In addition to the uses mentioned above, the information you provide is used in accordance with the applicable Google data protection policies. Google may publish summary statistics about users' +1 activity or share it with users and partners, such as publishers, advertisers, or affiliate websites.
5. Analytics and advertising
Matomo (formerly Piwik)
This website uses the open source web analytics service Matomo. Matomo uses so-called "cookies". These are text files that are stored on your computer and that allow an analysis of the use of the website by you. For this purpose, the information generated by the cookie about the use of this website is stored on our server. The IP address is anonymized before it is stored.
Matomo cookies remain on your device until you delete them.
The storage of Matomo cookies is based on Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO. The website operator has a legitimate interest in analyzing user behavior in order to optimize both its website and its advertising.
The information generated by the cookies about your use of this website will not be disclosed to third parties. You can prevent these cookies being stored by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser. However, we wish to point out that doing so may mean you will not be able to enjoy the full functionality of this website.
If you do not agree with the storage and use of your data, you can disable this feature here. In this case, an opt-out cookie will be stored in your browser to prevent Matomo from storing your usage data. If you delete your cookies, this will mean that the opt-out cookie will also be deleted. You will then need to reactivate it when you return to our site if you wish your activity not to be tracked.
We use analaytics data to identify problems inside our platform and to create a better user experience. All data is anonymized and stored on servers from hearthis.at. There is no way to identify a single user by the given data.
Facebook Pixel
Our website measures conversions using visitor action pixels from Facebook, Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA ("Facebook").
These allow the behavior of site visitors to be tracked after they click on a Facebook ad to reach the provider's website. This allows an analysis of the effectiveness of Facebook advertisements for statistical and market research purposes and their future optimization.
The data collected is anonymous to us as operators of this website and we cannot use it to draw any conclusions about our users' identities. However, the data are stored and processed by Facebook, which may make a connection to your Facebook profile and which may use the data for its own advertising purposes, as stipulated in the
Facebook privacy policy
. This will allow Facebook to display ads both on Facebook and on third-party sites. We have no control over how this data is used.
Check out Facebook's privacy policy to learn more about protecting your privacy:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
.
You can also deactivate the custom audiences remarketing feature in the Ads Settings section at
https://www.facebook.com/ads/preferences/?entry_product=ad_settings_screen
. You will first need to log into Facebook.
If you do not have a Facebook account, you can opt out of usage-based advertising from Facebook on the website of the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance:
http://www.youronlinechoices.com/de/praferenzmanagement/
.
6. Newsletter
Newsletter data
If you would like to receive our newsletter, we require a valid email address as well as information that allows us to verify that you are the owner of the specified email address and that you agree to receive this newsletter. No additional data is collected or is only collected on a voluntary basis. We only use this data to send the requested information and do not pass it on to third parties.
We will, therefore, process any data you enter onto the contact form only with your consent per Art. 6 (1) (a) DSGVO. You can revoke consent to the storage of your data and email address as well as their use for sending the newsletter at any time, e.g. through the "unsubscribe" link in the newsletter. The data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed.
The data provided when registering for the newsletter will be used to distribute the newsletter until you cancel your subscription when said data will be deleted. Data we have stored for other purposes (e.g. email addresses for the members area) remain unaffected.
7. Plugins and tools
YouTube
Our website uses plugins from YouTube, which is operated by Google. The operator of the pages is YouTube LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA.
If you visit one of our pages featuring a YouTube plugin, a connection to the YouTube servers is established. Here the YouTube server is informed about which of our pages you have visited.
If you're logged in to your YouTube account, YouTube allows you to associate your browsing behavior directly with your personal profile. You can prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account.
YouTube is used to help make our website appealing. This constitutes a justified interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO.
Further information about handling user data, can be found in the data protection declaration of YouTube under
https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy
.
Google Web Fonts
For uniform representation of fonts, this page uses web fonts provided by Google. When you open a page, your browser loads the required web fonts into your browser cache to display texts and fonts correctly.
When you call up a page of our website that contains a social plugin, your browser makes a direct connection with Google servers. Google thus becomes aware that our web page was accessed via your IP address. The use of Google Web fonts is done in the interest of a uniform and attractive presentation of our website. This constitutes a justified interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO.
If your browser does not support web fonts, a standard font is used by your computer.
Further information about handling user data, can be found at
https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq
and in Google's privacy policy at
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
.
Google Maps
This site uses the Google Maps map service via an API. It is operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
To use Google Maps, it is necessary to save your IP address. This information is generally transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. The provider of this site has no influence on this data transfer.
The use of Google Maps is in the interest of making our website appealing and to facilitate the location of places specified by us on the website. This constitutes a justified interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO.
Further information about handling user data, can be found in the data protection declaration of Google at
https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/
.
Drift
Drift, located in 3 Copley Place, Suite 7000, Boston, MA, Helps us to communicate with our users to if there are any questions or if they need help. More information about privacy can be found here:
https://www.drift.com/privacy-policy/
and here:
https://www.drift.com/terms-of-service/
OneSignal
We use OneSignal, a mobile marketing platform, for our website. The service provider is the American company OneSignal, 2850 S Delaware St #201, San Mateo, CA 94403, USA.
OneSignal also processes data in the USA, among other places. We would like to point out that according to the opinion of the European Court of Justice, there is currently no adequate level of protection for the transfer of data to the USA. This may be associated with various risks for the legality and security of data processing.
OneSignal uses standard contractual clauses approved by the EU Commission (= Art. 46. para. 2 and 3 DSGVO) as the basis for data processing for recipients based in third countries (outside the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, Norway, i.e. in particular in the USA) or a data transfer there.
These clauses oblige OneSignal to comply with the EU level of data protection when processing relevant data also outside the EU. These clauses are based on an implementing decision of the EU Commission. You can find the decision and the clauses here, among other places:
https://germany.representation.ec.europa.eu/index_de
.
To learn more about the data processed through the use of OneSignal, please see the Privacy Policy at
https://onesignal.com/privacy
.
8. Payment service providers
PayPal
Our website accepts payments via PayPal and Credit Card. The provider of this service is PayPal (Europe) S.�.r.l & Cie, S.C.A. (22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg.
If you select payment via PayPal or Credit Card, the payment data you provide will be supplied to PayPal based on Art. 6 (1) (a) (Consent) and Art. 6 (1) (b) DSGVO (Processing for contract purposes). You have the option to revoke your consent at any time with future effect. It does not affect the processing of data previously collected.
hearthis.at uses cookies
This website uses cookies to improve user experience. By using our website you consent to all cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy.
Read more
Strictly necessary
Performance
Functionality
Save & Close
Accept all
Decline all
Show details
Hide details
Cookie declaration
About cookies
Strictly necessary
Performance
Functionality
Strictly necessary cookies allow core website functionality such as user login and account management. The website cannot be used properly without strictly necessary cookies.
Cookie report
Name
Provider / Domain
Expiration
Description
chatbox_minimized
.hearthis.at
Session
Chat configuration cookie
PHPSESSID
PHP.net
.hearthis.at
1 year
User Login Session Cookie
searchtext
.hearthis.at
Session
Text of your last search on hearthis.at
reseller
.hearthis.at
1 month
Saves the user id who suggested hearthis.at to you.
cf_caching
hearthis.at
1 hour
Define if site is cacheable or not
cf_clearance
Cloudflare, Inc.
.hearthis.at
1 year
This cookie is used by the CloudFlare service to identify trusted web traffic and override any security restrictions based on the visitor's IP address. It is essential for supporting a website's security features and in providing protection against malicious visitors.
CookieScriptConsent
CookieScript
.hearthis.at
1 month
This cookie is used by Cookie-Script.com service to remember visitor cookie consent preferences. It is necessary for Cookie-Script.com cookie banner to work properly.
Performance cookies are used to see how visitors use the website, eg. analytics cookies. Those cookies cannot be used to directly identify a certain visitor.
Cookie report
Name
Provider / Domain
Expiration
Description
_pk_id.1.260f
.hearthis.at
1 year
This cookie name is associated with the Piwik open source web analytics platform. It is used to help website owners track visitor behaviour and measure site performance. It is a pattern type cookie, where the prefix _pk_id is followed by a short series of numbers and letters, which is believed to be a reference code for the domain setting the cookie.
_pk_ses.1.260f
.hearthis.at
30 minutes
This cookie name is associated with the Piwik open source web analytics platform. It is used to help website owners track visitor behaviour and measure site performance. It is a pattern type cookie, where the prefix _pk_ses is followed by a short series of numbers and letters, which is believed to be a reference code for the domain setting the cookie.
Functionality cookies are used to remember visitor information on the website, eg. language, timezone, enhanced content.
Cookie report
Name
Provider / Domain
Expiration
Description
drift_aid
hearthis.at
1 year 1 month
Chat widget
driftt_aid
Drift
hearthis.at
1 year 1 month
Chat widget
drift_campaign_refresh
hearthis.at
30 minutes
Chat widget
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. Websites use cookies to help users navigate efficiently and perform certain functions. Cookies that are required for the website to operate properly are allowed to be set without your permission. All other cookies need to be approved before they can be set in the browser.
You can change your consent to cookie usage at any time on our Privacy Policy page.
Cookies consent ID
:
Cookie
report
created by
CookieScript
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://de-de.facebook.com/about/privacy/:
Facebook
E-Mail-Adresse oder Handynummer
Passwort
Passwort vergessen?
Neues Konto erstellen
Offenbar hast du diese Funktion zu schnell genutzt. Du wurdest vorübergehend von der Nutzung dieser Funktion blockiert.
Back
Deutsch
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Die Verwendung von Cookies durch Facebook in diesem Browser erlauben?
Wir verwenden Cookies und ähnliche Technologien, um Inhalte in
Meta-Produkten
bereitzustellen und zu verbessern. Darüber hinaus verwenden wir sie, um mithilfe der durch Cookies auf und außerhalb von Facebook empfangenen Informationen die Sicherheit zu verbessern sowie um Meta-Produkte für Personen, die ein Konto haben, bereitzustellen und zu verbessern.
Erforderliche Cookies: Diese Cookies sind notwendig für die Nutzung von Meta-Produkten und die ordnungsgemäße Funktion unserer Websites.
Cookies anderer Unternehmen: Wir verwenden diese Cookies, um dir Werbeanzeigen außerhalb von Meta-Produkten zu zeigen und Funktionen wie Karten oder Videos in Meta-Produkten anbieten zu können. Hierbei handelt es sich um optionale Cookies.
Du bestimmst, welche optionalen Cookies wir verwenden dürfen. In unserer
Cookie-Richtlinie
erfährst du mehr über Cookies und wie wir sie verwenden. Dort kannst du deine Auswahl außerdem jederzeit überprüfen oder ändern.
Infos zu Cookies
Was sind Cookies?
Mehr dazu
Warum verwenden wir Cookies?
Mehr dazu
Was sind Meta-Produkte?
Mehr dazu
Deine Cookie-Auswahl
Mehr dazu
Cookies anderer Unternehmen
Wir verwenden Cookies
anderer Unternehmen
, um dir Werbeanzeigen außerhalb von unseren Produkten zu zeigen und Funktionen wie Karten, Zahlungsdienste oder Videos anbieten zu können.
Cookies nach Kategorie auswählen
So verwenden wir diese Cookies
Wenn du diese Cookies erlaubst:
Wenn du diese Cookies nicht erlaubst:
Andere Möglichkeiten, um deine Informationen zu kontrollieren
Personalisiere dein Werbeerlebnis in der Kontenübersicht
Weitere Informationen zu Onlinewerbung
Cookies über die Browser-Einstellungen kontrollieren
Alle Cookies erlauben
Optionale Cookies ablehnen
Alle Cookies erlauben
Optionale Cookies ablehnen
Sub-policy 1
https://twitter.com/de/privacy:
Skip to main content
Datenschutzrichtlinien
Datenschutzeinstellungen
Privacy Center
Hilfe-Center
Archiv der Datenschutzerklärungen
PDF herunterladen
X Datenschutzrichtlinien
Gültig ab: 15. November 2024
Vor dem Scrollen bitte lesen
Es ist wirklich schwer, alle mit einer Datenschutzerklärung zufrieden zu stellen. Die meisten Personen, die X nutzen, wollen etwas Kurzes und leicht Verständliches. Wir wünschten zwar, wir könnten alles, was Sie wissen müssen, in einen Post packen, aber unsere Regulierungsbehörden verlangen von uns, dass wir unseren rechtlichen Verpflichtungen nachkommen und alle Richtlinien sehr detailliert beschreiben.
Aus diesem Grund haben wir unsere Datenschutzrichtlinien so einfach wie möglich formuliert, damit Sie in der Lage sind, informierte Entscheidungen zu treffen, wenn Sie X nutzen. Unser Ziel ist, dass Sie verstehen, welche Daten wir erfassen, wie sie genutzt und wann sie weitergegeben werden, und dass Sie Kontrolle darüber haben.
Wenn Sie also nicht jedes Wort der Datenschutzerklärung lesen, sollten Sie wenigstens Folgendes wissen:
X ist eine öffentliche Plattform
Erfahren Sie, was angezeigt und durchsucht werden kann
Wir erheben einige Daten
über Sie
Erfahren Sie, was wir erfassen und wie
Dienste unserer verbundenen Unternehmen können ihre eigenen Richtlinien haben
Erfahren Sie mehr über verbundene Unternehmen
Wir verwenden Ihre Daten zur Verbesserung von X
Erfahren Sie, wie wir Ihre Daten nutzen
Sie haben die Kontrolle über Ihr Erlebnis
Erfahren Sie, wie Sie Ihre Einstellungen aktualisieren
Wenn Sie Fragen zur Datennutzung haben, dann stellen Sie sie!
Erfahren Sie, wie Sie uns kontaktieren können
Datenschutzrichtlinien
1. Daten, die wir erheben
2. Wie wir Daten verwenden
3. Weitergabe von Daten
4. Wie lange wir Daten aufbewahren
5. Übernehmen Sie die Kontrolle
6. Ihre und unsere Rechte
7. Die Zielgruppe von X
8. Änderungen an diesen Datenschutzrichtlinien
9. Allgemein
10. Kontaktaufnahme mit X
1. Daten, die wir erheben
1. Daten, die wir erheben
2. Wie wir Daten verwenden
3. Weitergabe von Daten
4. Wie lange wir Daten aufbewahren
5. Übernehmen Sie die Kontrolle
6. Ihre und unsere Rechte
7. Die Zielgruppe von X
8. Änderungen an diesen Datenschutzrichtlinien
9. Allgemein
10. Kontaktaufnahme mit X
1. Daten, die wir erheben
Die Daten, die wir erheben, wenn Sie X nutzen, lassen sich in drei Kategorien unterteilen.
1.1 Daten, die Sie uns zur Verfügung stellen.
Zur Nutzung einiger unserer Produkte und Dienste benötigen Sie einen Account, und zur Erstellung eines Accounts müssen Sie uns bestimmte Daten zur Verfügung stellen. Gleichfalls können wir, wenn Sie unsere kostenpflichtigen Produkte und Dienste nutzen, Ihnen diese nicht zur Verfügung stellen, wenn wir Ihre Zahlungsdaten nicht erhalten. Grundsätzlich brauchen wir für viele unserer Produkte und Dienste bestimmte Daten, damit Sie sie nutzen können.
Persönliche Accounts.
Wenn Sie einen Account erstellen, müssen Sie uns einige Daten zur Verfügung stellen, damit wir Ihnen unsere Dienste bereitstellen können. Dazu gehören ein Anzeigename (zum Beispiel „Gestalter*innen“); ein Nutzername (zum Beispiel @XGestalter*innen); ein Passwort; eine E-Mail-Adresse oder Telefonnummer; ein Geburtsdatum, Ihre Anzeigesprache und Daten zur einmaligen Anmeldung bei Dritten (wenn Sie diese Anmeldemethode wählen). Sie können sich auch dafür entscheiden, Ihren Standort in Ihrem Profil und in Ihren Posts zu teilen und Ihr Adressbuch auf X hochzuladen, damit Sie leichter nach Personen suchen können, die Sie kennen. Ihre Profildaten, einschließlich Ihres Anzeigenamens und Ihres Nutzernamens, sind immer öffentlich, aber Sie können entweder Ihren echten Namen oder ein Pseudonym verwenden. Denken Sie auch daran, dass Sie mehrere X Accounts einrichten können, zum Beispiel wenn Sie verschiedene Aspekte Ihrer Identität zum Ausdruck bringen möchten, sei es beruflich oder anderweitig.
Professionelle Accounts.
Wenn Sie einen
professionellen Account
einrichten, müssen Sie uns auch eine professionelle Kategorie angeben und können uns weitere Daten zur Verfügung stellen, einschließlich Postanschrift, Kontakt-E-Mail-Adresse und Kontakt-Telefonnummer. Alle diese Daten sind immer öffentlich.
Zahlungsdaten.
Wenn Sie Werbeanzeigen oder andere Angebote kaufen möchten, die im Rahmen unserer kostenpflichtigen Produkte und Dienste zur Verfügung gestellt werden, müssen Sie uns Zahlungsdaten zur Verfügung stellen, einschließlich Ihrer Kredit- oder Debitkartennummer, des Ablaufdatums der Karte, des CVV-Codes und der Rechnungsadresse.
Bevorzugte Einstellungen.
Wenn Sie in Ihren
Einstellungen
bestimmte Präferenzen angeben, erheben wir diese Daten, damit wir Ihre Wünsche berücksichtigen können.
Biometrische Informationen.
Wenn Sie dazu Ihre Einwilligung gegeben haben, können wir Ihre biometrischen Daten zu Sicherheits- und Identifikationszwecken erfassen und verwenden.
Stellenbewerbungen/Empfehlungen.
Wir können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten (z. B. Informationen aus Ihrer Biografie, Ihren beruflichen Werdegang, Ihren Bildungsgang, Ihre Beschäftigungspräferenzen, Fähigkeiten und Fertigkeiten oder Ihre Aktivität und Interaktionen bei der Stellensuche, zusätzlich zu den Informationen, die wir bereits gemäß dem Abschnitt „Daten, die wir erheben, wenn Sie X nutzen“ unserer Datenschutzerklärung weiter unten erfassen) dafür erfassen und heranziehen, Ihnen potenzielle Jobs zu empfehlen, sie an potenzielle Arbeitgeber weiterzuleiten, wenn Sie sich auf eine Stelle bewerben, sodass Arbeitgeber potenzielle Kandidat*innen finden können, und Ihnen relevantere Werbung zu zeigen.
1.2 Daten, die wir erheben, wenn Sie X nutzen.
Wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen, erheben wir Daten darüber, wie Sie unsere Produkte und Dienste nutzen. Mithilfe dieser Daten stellen wir Ihnen Produkte und Dienste zur Verfügung und tragen dazu bei, dass X sicherer und respektvoller für alle und relevanter für Sie ist.
Nutzungsinformationen.
Wir erfassen Informationen über Ihre Aktivitäten auf X, darunter:
Von Ihnen gepostete Beiträge und andere Inhalte (einschließlich Datum, Anwendung und Version von X) sowie Informationen zu Ihrer Broadcast-Aktivität (z. B. Spaces), einschließlich von Ihnen erstellter Broadcasts und deren Erstellungszeitpunkt, Ihrer Listen, Lesezeichen und Communities, denen Sie angehören.
Ihre Interaktionen mit den Inhalten anderer Nutzer*innen, wie z. B. Reposts, „Gefällt mir“-Angaben, Lesezeichen, geteilten Inhalten, Downloads, Antworten, wenn andere Nutzer*innen Sie in Inhalten erwähnen oder markieren oder wenn Sie sie erwähnen oder markieren, und Broadcasts, an denen Sie teilgenommen haben (einschließlich Ihres Verlaufs in Bezug auf angesehene/angehörte Inhalte, Kommentare, Sprechbeiträge und Reaktionen).
Wie Sie mit anderen auf der Plattform interagieren, beispielsweise mit Personen, denen Sie folgen, und Personen, die Ihnen folgen, Metadaten in Bezug auf
verschlüsselte Nachrichten
und, wenn Sie
Direktnachrichten
verwenden, auch den Inhalt der Nachrichten, die Empfänger*innen sowie Datum und Uhrzeit der Nachrichten.
Wenn Sie mit uns kommunizieren, beispielsweise per E-Mail, erheben wir Daten über die Kommunikation und deren Inhalt.
Wir erheben Daten über Links, mit denen Sie in unseren Diensten interagieren (auch in den E-Mails, die wir Ihnen schicken).
Käufe und Zahlungen.
Damit Sie unter Verwendung von X-Funktionen oder -Diensten eine Zahlung tätigen oder Geld senden können, auch über einen Vermittler, erhalten wir möglicherweise Informationen zu Ihrer Transaktion, etwa wann sie getätigt wurde, wann ein Abonnement abläuft oder automatisch verlängert wird und welche Beträge gezahlt oder erhalten wurden.
Gerätedaten.
Wir erfassen Informationen von und über die Geräte, die Sie für den Zugriff auf X verwenden, darunter:
Daten über Ihre Verbindung, wie beispielsweise Ihre IP-Adresse, den Browsertyp und verwandte Informationen.
Daten über Ihr Gerät und seine Einstellungen, wie beispielsweise Geräte- und Werbe-ID, Betriebssystem, Anbieter, Sprache, Speicher, installierte Apps und Akkustand.
Das Adressbuch Ihres Geräts, wenn Sie sich dazu entschieden haben, es mit uns zu teilen.
Standortinformationen.
Wenn Sie X verwenden, erfassen wir einige Informationen zu Ihrem ungefähren Standort, um Ihnen den erwarteten Dienst bereitzustellen, einschließlich der Anzeige relevanter Werbung. Sie können auch wählen, ob Sie Ihren aktuellen genauen Standort oder Orte, an denen Sie X zuvor genutzt haben, teilen möchten, indem Sie diese Einstellungen in Ihrem Account aktivieren.
Abgeleitete Identität.
Wir können Informationen sammeln oder erhalten, die wir verwenden, um auf Ihre Identität zu schließen, wie unten beschrieben:
Wenn Sie sich mit einem Browser oder Gerät bei X anmelden, verknüpfen wir diesen Browser oder dieses Gerät mit Ihrem Account. Vorbehaltlich Ihrer Einstellungen können wir Ihren Account auch mit anderen Browsern oder Geräten verknüpfen als mit denen, die Sie für die Anmeldung bei X nutzen (oder Ihr abgemeldetes Gerät oder Ihren Browser mit anderen Browsern oder Geräten oder von X generierten Identifikatoren verknüpfen).
Wenn Sie X andere Daten zur Verfügung stellen, einschließlich einer E-Mail-Adresse oder Telefonnummer, verknüpfen wir diese Daten mit Ihrem X Account. Vorbehaltlich Ihrer Einstellungen können wir anhand dieser Daten auch andere Daten über Ihre Identität ableiten, zum Beispiel indem wir Ihren Account mit Hashes von E-Mail-Adressen verknüpfen, die gemeinsame Komponenten mit der E-Mail-Adresse haben, die Sie X zur Verfügung gestellt haben.
Wenn Sie auf X zugreifen und nicht angemeldet sind, können wir anhand der von uns erhobenen Daten Rückschlüsse auf Ihre Identität ziehen.
Protokollinformationen.
Wenn Sie Inhalte auf unseren Produkten und Diensten ansehen oder auf andere Weise mit ihnen interagieren, erhalten wir möglicherweise Informationen, auch wenn Sie keinen Account erstellt haben oder abgemeldet sind, beispielsweise:
IP-Adresse und zugehörige Informationen; Browsertyp und -sprache; Betriebssystem; die verweisende Webseite; Zugriffszeiten; besuchte Seiten; Standort; Ihr Mobilfunkanbieter; Geräteinformationen (einschließlich Geräte- und Anwendungs-IDs); Suchbegriffe und IDs (einschließlich derjenigen, die nicht als Abfragen übermittelt wurden); Ihnen auf X angezeigte Anzeigen; von X generierte Kennungen; und mit Cookies verknüpfte Kennungen. Wir erhalten Protokolldaten auch, wenn Sie auf Links in unseren Diensten klicken, sich diese ansehen oder mit ihnen interagieren, u. a. wenn Sie eine andere Applikation über X installieren.
Werbung.
Wenn Sie Werbung ansehen oder mit ihr interagieren, die wir auf oder außerhalb von X bereitstellen, erfassen wir möglicherweise Informationen zu diesen Ansichten oder Interaktionen (z. B. Ansehen einer Videoanzeige oder eines Prerolls, Anklicken einer Anzeige, Interagieren mit Reposts oder Antworten auf eine Anzeige).
Cookies und ähnliche Technologien.
Wie viele Websites verwenden wir Cookies und ähnliche Technologien, um zusätzliche Daten zur Website-Nutzung zu sammeln und unsere Dienste zu betreiben. Für viele Teile unserer Produkte und Dienste, wie etwa die Suche und Anzeige öffentlicher Profile, sind Cookies nicht erforderlich. Weitere Informationen zur Verwendung von Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien finden Sie
hier
.
Interaktionen mit unseren Inhalten auf Websites Dritter.
Wenn Sie sich unsere Inhalte auf Websites von Dritten ansehen, die X Inhalte wie eingebettete Timelines oder Buttons zum Posten integrieren, können wir Protokolldaten erhalten, einschließlich der von Ihnen besuchten Webseite.
1.3 Daten, die wir von Dritten erhalten.
Wenn Sie andere Online-Produkte und -Dienste nutzen, können sie Daten über diese Nutzung an uns weitergeben.
Werbepartner, Entwickler, Verleger.
Unsere Werbe- und Geschäftspartner geben Daten wie Browser-Cookie-IDs, von X generierte Identifikatoren,
IDs von Mobilgeräten, gehashte Nutzerdaten wie E-Mail-Adressen, demografische Daten oder Interessensdaten sowie auf einer Website oder App angesehene Inhalte oder durchgeführte Aktionen an uns weiter. Einige unserer Werbepartner, insbesondere unsere Werbekunden, ermöglichen es uns auch, ähnliche Daten direkt von ihrer Website oder App zu erheben, indem sie unsere Werbetechnologie integrieren. Daten, die von Werbepartnern und verbundenen Unternehmen weitergegeben oder von X von den Websites und Apps der Werbepartner und verbundenen Unternehmen erhoben werden, können mit den anderen Daten kombiniert werden, die Sie mit X teilen und die X erhält,
generiert oder
über Sie ableitet, wie an anderer Stelle in diesen Datenschutzrichtlinien beschrieben.
Andere Dritte, Account-Verbindungen und Integrationen.
Wir können Daten über Sie von Dritten erhalten, die nicht unsere Werbepartner sind, wie beispielsweise von anderen X Nutzer*innen, Entwickler*innen und Partner*innen, die uns helfen, die Sicherheit und Qualität von Inhalten auf unserer Plattform zu bewerten, von unseren
verbundenen Unternehmen
und von anderen Diensten, die Sie mit Ihrem X Account verknüpfen. Sie können sich entscheiden, Ihren X Account mit Ihrem Account bei einem anderen Dienst zu verbinden und dieser andere Dienst kann uns Daten über Ihren Account bei diesem Dienst senden.
2. Wie wir Daten verwenden
Aufgrund der Funktionsweise der Systeme, die unsere Dienste für Sie anbieten, ist es nicht einfach, die Verwendung der von uns erhobenen Daten aufzuschlüsseln. So kann beispielsweise dieselbe Dateninformation in verschiedener Art und Weise für verschiedene Zwecke verwendet werden, damit letztlich ein einziger Dienst erbracht werden kann. Am zweckdienlichsten ist es wahrscheinlich, die fünf wichtigsten Arten und Weisen zu erläutern, in der wir Daten verwenden. Wenn Sie Fragen haben, die nicht beantwortet werden, können Sie uns jederzeit
kontaktieren
. Mehr im Folgenden:
2.1 Betreiben, Verbessern und Personalisieren unserer Dienste.
Die von uns erhobenen Daten nutzen wir zur Bereitstellung und zum Betrieb der X Produkte und Dienste. Außerdem verbessern und personalisieren wir mit den erhobenen Daten unsere Produkte und Dienste, damit Sie ein besseres Erlebnis auf X haben, u. a. indem wir Ihnen relevantere Inhalte und Werbung zeigen, Ihnen Personen und Themen vorschlagen, denen Sie folgen können, und Ihnen helfen,
verbundene Unternehmen
, Apps von Dritten und Dienste zu entdecken. Wir können die Daten, die wir erheben, und öffentlich verfügbare Daten zum Training unserer Modelle für Maschinenlernen oder künstliche Intelligenz für die in dieser Richtlinie dargelegten Zwecke heranziehen.
Wir können die Daten, die wir von Accounts anderer Dienste erheben, bei denen Sie sich zur Verknüpfung mit Ihrem X Accounts entschieden haben, heranziehen, damit wir Ihnen Funktionen wie dienstübergreifendes Posting oder dienstübergreifende Authentifizierung bieten und unsere Dienste betreiben können.
Anhand Ihrer Kontaktdaten helfen wir anderen, Ihren Account zu finden, wenn Ihre Einstellungen dies zulassen, u. a. über Dienste von Dritten und Client-Applikationen.
Vorbehaltlich Ihrer
Einstellungen
stellen wir mithilfe Ihrer Daten unsere Dienste für Werbung und gesponserte Inhalte bereit, was dabei hilft, die Werbeanzeigen auf X für Sie relevanter zu gestalten. Anhand dieser Daten messen wir auch die Effektivität von Werbeanzeigen und helfen, Ihre Geräte zu erkennen, damit wir Werbeanzeigen auf und außerhalb von X für Sie schalten können. Einige unserer Werbepartner ermöglichen es uns auch, ähnliche Daten direkt von ihrer Website oder App zu erheben, indem sie unsere Werbetechnologie integrieren. Daten, die von Werbepartnern und verbundenen Unternehmen weitergegeben oder von X von den Websites und Apps der Werbepartner und verbundenen Unternehmen erhoben werden, können mit den anderen Daten kombiniert werden, die Sie mit X teilen und die X erhält, generiert oder über Sie ableitet, wie an anderer Stelle in unseren Datenschutzrichtlinien beschrieben.
2.2  Sicherheit und Schutz fördern.
Anhand der von uns erhobenen Daten sorgen wir für den Schutz und die Sicherheit unserer Nutzer*innen, unserer Produkte, unserer Dienste und Ihres Accounts. Dazu gehören die Überprüfung Ihrer Identität, die Authentifizierung Ihres Accounts und die Abwehr von Betrug, unbefugter Nutzung und illegalen Aktivitäten. Außerdem bewerten und beeinflussen wir mithilfe der Daten die Sicherheit und Qualität der Inhalte auf X. Das beinhaltet die Untersuchung und Durchsetzung unserer Richtlinien und AGB sowie des geltenden Rechts.
2.3 Messen, Analysieren und Verbessern unserer Dienst.
Anhand der von uns erhobenen Daten messen und analysieren wir die Effektivität unserer Produkte und Dienste und lernen besser verstehen, wie Sie sie nutzen, damit wir sie weiter verbessern können.
2.4 Kommunikation mit Ihnen über unsere Dienste.
Anhand der von uns erhobenen Daten kommunizieren wir mit Ihnen über unsere Produkte und Dienste, u. a. über Produktaktualisierungen und Änderungen unserer Richtlinien und AGB. Wenn Sie sich dafür entscheiden, können wir Ihnen auch gelegentlich Marketingnachrichten schicken.
2.5 Forschung.
Anhand der Daten, die Sie uns mitteilen oder die wir erheben, führen wir Forschung, Umfragen, Produkttests und Fehlerbehebungen durch, die uns helfen, unsere Produkte und Dienste zu betreiben und zu verbessern.
3. Weitergabe von Daten
Sie sollten wissen, auf welche Weise wir Ihre Daten weitergeben, warum wir sie weitergeben und wie Sie dies beeinflussen können. Es gibt fünf grundsätzliche Möglichkeiten, wie wir Ihre Daten weitergeben.
3.1 Wenn Sie posten und teilen.
An die breite Öffentlichkeit
. Sie weisen uns an, diese Daten so weit wie möglich offenzulegen. Die Inhalte von X, einschließlich Ihrer Profildaten (z. B. Name/Pseudonym, Nutzername, Profilbilder), sind für die breite Öffentlichkeit zur Ansicht zugänglich. Die Öffentlichkeit muss sich nicht anmelden, um einen Teil der Inhalte auf X zu sehen. X Inhalte sind auch außerhalb von X auffindbar, zum Beispiel über die Ergebnisse von Suchanfragen in Internet-Suchmaschinen oder in Videos, die heruntergeladen und anderswo geteilt wurden (abhängig von Ihren
Einstellungen
).
An andere X Nutzer*innen.
Abhängig von Ihren
Einstellungen
und basierend auf den X Produkten und Diensten, die Sie nutzen, geben wir Folgendes weiter:
Ihre Interaktionen mit X-Inhalten anderer Benutzer, z. B. Antworten und Personen, denen Sie folgen.
Inhalte, die Sie an bestimmte X Nutzer*innen senden, wie beispielsweise über
Direktnachrichten
. Zur Beachtung: Wenn Sie Daten wie Direktnachrichten oder geschützte Posts mit einer Person geteilt haben, die über einen Dienst eines Dritten auf X zugreift, können die Daten an den Dienst des Dritten weitergegeben werden.
An Partner.
Abhängig von Ihren
Einstellungen
stellen wir auch bestimmten Dritten Daten zur Verfügung, damit sie uns beim Angebot oder Betrieb unserer Produkte und Dienste unterstützen. In unserem
Hilfe-Center
erfahren Sie mehr über diese Partnerschaften. Ob X Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an diese Partner weitergibt, steuern Sie über die Option „Datenaustausch mit Geschäftspartnern“ in Ihren
Einstellungen für Datenschutz und Sicherheit
. (Diese Einstellung steuert nicht die Weitergabe, die an anderer Stelle in diesen Datenschutzrichtlinien beschrieben wird, wie beispielsweise wenn wir Daten mit unseren Dienstleistern oder durch andere als die in diesem
Hilfe-Center
-Artikel beschriebenen Partnerschaften teilen.)
3.2 Mit Drittanbietern und Drittanbieterintegrationen.
An Dienstleister.
Wir können Ihre Daten an unsere
Dienstleister
weitergeben, die in unserem Auftrag Funktionen und Dienste erbringen, u.a. Zahlungsdienstleister, die Zahlungen ermöglichen; Servicepartner, die unsere verschiedenen Blogs und Wikis hosten; Servicepartner, die uns helfen, die Nutzung unserer Dienste zu verstehen, Anbieter von Bewerberverfolgungssystemen, die Bewerber- und Stellendaten an mögliche Arbeitgeber versenden und von ihnen enthalten, und solche, die Betrugserkennungsdienste anbieten.
An Werbekunden.
Werbeeinnahmen ermöglichen es uns, unsere Produkte und Dienste zur Verfügung zu stellen. Werbekunden können Daten aus Ihrer Interaktion mit ihren Werbeanzeigen auf oder außerhalb von X erhalten. Wenn Sie beispielsweise in unseren Diensten auf einen externen Link oder eine Werbeanzeige klicken, kann der Werbekunde oder der Betreiber der Website herausfinden, dass Sie von X gekommen sind, zusammen mit anderen Daten, die mit der Werbeanzeige, auf die Sie geklickt haben, verknüpft sind, wie beispielsweise Merkmale der Zielgruppe, die damit erreicht werden sollte, und andere von X generierte Identifikatoren für diese Werbeanzeige. Sie können auch andere personenbezogene Daten von Ihnen erheben, wie beispielsweise Cookie-Identifikatoren oder Ihre IP-Adresse.
Inhalte und Integrationen von Dritten.
Wir geben Ihre Daten mit Ihrer Einwilligung oder auf Ihre Anweisung hin weiter oder legen diese offen, beispielsweise wenn Sie
einen Web-Client oder eine Applikation eines Dritten autorisieren
, auf Ihren Account zuzugreifen, oder uns anweisen, Ihr Feedback an ein Unternehmen weiterzugeben. Gleichfalls arbeiten wir zur Verbesserung Ihrer Nutzung mit Dritten zusammen, damit ihre Videoinhalte auf X angezeigt oder Inhalte plattformübergreifend geteilt werden können. Wenn Sie sich Inhalte unserer Videopartner oder plattformübergreifenden Partner ansehen oder anderweitig mit diesen interagieren, können diese Ihre personenbezogenen Daten erhalten und verarbeiten, wie in ihren Datenschutzerklärungen beschrieben. Für Videoinhalte können Sie Ihre
Autoplay-Einstellungen
anpassen, wenn Sie möchten, dass die Inhalte nicht automatisch abgespielt werden.
Kooperation mit Dritten.
Wenn Sie die entsprechenden
Einstellungen
vorgenommen haben oder sich dazu entschließen, Ihre Daten weiterzugeben, können wir Ihre Informationen an Dritte weitergeben oder offenlegen. Wenn Sie sich nicht abmelden, können die Empfänger der Informationen diese in einigen Fällen zusätzlich zu den in der Datenschutzrichtlinie von X genannten Zwecken auch für ihre eigenen unabhängigen Zwecke verwenden, darunter beispielsweise zum Trainieren ihrer Modelle künstlicher Intelligenz, ob generativ oder anderweitig.
Durch unsere APIs.
Wir verwenden Technologien wie
APIs
und Einbettungen zur Bereitstellung öffentlicher X Daten für Websites, Apps und andere zu ihrer Nutzung, zum Beispiel damit Posts auf einer Nachrichten-Website angezeigt werden können oder damit analysiert werden kann, was Personen auf X äußern. Wir stellen diese Inhalte in der Regel in begrenztem Umfang kostenlos zur Verfügung und erheben Lizenzgebühren für den Zugriff in großem Umfang. Wir haben
Standard
-Geschäftsbedingungen, die regeln, wie diese Daten verwendet werden können, und ein Compliance-Programm zur Durchsetzung dieser Bedingungen. Diese Personen und Unternehmen sind jedoch nicht mit X verbunden und ihre Angebote spiegeln möglicherweise nicht die Aktualisierungen wider, die Sie auf X vornehmen. Weitere Informationen darüber, wie wir der Welt öffentliche Daten auf X zur Verfügung stellen, finden Sie unter
https://developer.x.com
.
3.3 In Fällen, in denen es gesetzlich vorgeschrieben ist, zur Verhinderung von Schaden oder im öffentlichen Interesse.
Wir können Ihre Daten aufbewahren, verwenden, weitergeben oder offenlegen, wenn wir glauben, dass es für einen der folgenden Zwecke vernünftigerweise notwendig ist:
zur Einhaltung eines Gesetzes, einer Verordnung oder
zur Erfüllung eines rechtsgültigen Verfahrens oder einer behördlichen Anfrage
zum Schutz der Sicherheit einer Person, zum Schutz der Sicherheit oder Integrität unserer Plattform, u. a. zur Verhinderung von Spam, Missbrauch oder böswilligen Akteuren auf unseren Diensten
Erklären, warum wir Inhalte oder Konten aus unseren Diensten entfernt haben (z. B. wegen eines Verstoßes gegen
unsere Regeln
);
zur Lösung von Problemen mit Betrug und Sicherheit oder technischen Problemen
zum Schutz unserer Rechte oder unseres Eigentum oder der Rechte oder des Eigentums der Personen, die unsere Dienste nutzen
Wir können außerdem verschiedene Signale und Ihre Daten zur Ableitung, Aufbewahrung, Nutzung, Weiterleitung oder Offenlegung Ihres Alter und Ihrer Identitätsinformationen heranziehen, damit wir gesetzliche Vorschriften einhalten können sowie je nach Sachlage im Interesse von Sicherheit, Schutz, Betrugsbekämpfung, Sorgfaltspflichten in Bezug auf Kund*innen und Unternehmen sowie zur Identitätsprüfung. Zu diesen Zwecken können wir Ihre Alters- und Identitätsinformationen auch an unsere Partner, Dienstanbieter und andere weitergeben oder offenlegen.
3.4 An unsere verbundenen Unternehmen.
Wir können Daten an unsere
verbundenen Unternehmen
weitergeben, damit unsere Produkte und Dienste zur Verfügung gestellt werden können.
3.5 Änderung der Eigentumsverhältnisse.
Wir können Daten über Sie in Verbindung mit einer Fusion, Übernahme, Reorganisation, einem Verkauf von Vermögenswerten oder einem Konkurs weitergeben, verkaufen oder übertragen. Diese Datenschutzerklärung gilt für Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, die (vor und nach dem Abschluss einer Transaktion) an das neue Unternehmen weitergegeben oder übertragen werden.
4. Wie lange wir Daten aufbewahren
Wir bewahren verschiedene Arten von Informationen für unterschiedlich lange Zeiträume auf, abhängig davon, wie lange wir sie benötigen, damit wir Ihnen unsere Produkte und Dienste bereitstellen und unseren gesetzlichen Verpflichtungen nachkommen können, sowie aus Sicherheitsgründen. Zum Beispiel:
Wir speichern Ihre Profilinformationen wie Ihren Anzeigenamen, Benutzernamen, Ihr Passwort und Ihre E-Mail-Adresse für die Dauer Ihres Kontos. Ohne die Speicherung dieser Informationen können wir Ihnen unsere Produkte und Dienstleistungen nicht bereitstellen.
Wir speichern Ihre Nutzungsinformationen, beispielsweise die von Ihnen veröffentlichten Inhalte, Ihre Interaktionen mit den Inhalten anderer Nutzer*innen und Ihre Interaktion mit anderen auf der Plattform, solange Ihr Account besteht oder bis diese Inhalte entfernt werden.
Wir speichern Ihre Zahlungsinformationen, einschließlich Ihrer Kredit- oder Debitkartennummer und Rechnungsadresse, für die Dauer, in der Sie unsere kostenpflichtigen Produkte und Dienste nutzen. Aufzeichnungen von Transaktionen werden im Einklang mit geltendem Recht länger aufbewahrt.
Wenn Sie mit uns kommunizieren, beispielsweise per E-Mail, bewahren wir Informationen über die Kommunikation und deren Inhalt bis zu 18 Monate lang auf, es sei denn, wir müssen sie für einen längeren Zeitraum aufbewahren, um unseren gesetzlichen Verpflichtungen nachzukommen oder unsere gesetzlichen Rechte auszuüben oder zu verteidigen.
Wir erfassen Geräteinformationen, Standortinformationen, abgeleitete Identitätsinformationen und Protokollinformationen im Allgemeinen mithilfe von Cookies. Wir bewahren Cookies und mithilfe von Cookies erfasste Informationen bis zu 13 Monate lang auf. Weitere Informationen zur Verwendung von Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien finden Sie
hier
.
Informationen zu Ihren Ansichten oder Interaktionen mit Anzeigen mit oder ohne X sowie zu Ihrer Interaktion mit unseren Inhalten auf Websites von Drittanbietern speichern wir bis zu 90 Tage lang.
Wir speichern von Werbe- und Geschäftspartnern weitergegebene Informationen bis zu 90 Tage lang.
Wenn Sie gegen unsere Regeln verstoßen und Ihr Account gesperrt wird, können wir die Identifikatoren, die Sie zur Erstellung des Accounts verwendet haben (z. B. E-Mail-Adresse oder Telefonnummer), auf unbestimmte Zeit speichern. Dadurch wollen wir verhindern, dass Wiederholungstäter*innen neue Accounts erstellen.
Um gesetzliche Anforderungen zu erfüllen und aus Sicherheitsgründen müssen wir bestimmte Informationen möglicherweise länger aufbewahren, als in unseren Richtlinien angegeben. Zum Beispiel:
Damit wir einem Gesetz, einer Verordnung, einem rechtsgültigen Verfahren oder einer behördlichen Anfrage nachkommen können.
Darunter fällt die Erfüllung einer rechtlich angemessenen Aufbewahrungsanfrage von Strafverfolgungsbehörden. Weitere Informationen zum Zugriff durch Strafverfolgungsbehörden finden Sie
hier
.
Im Zusammenhang mit Rechtsansprüchen, Rechtsstreitigkeiten und behördlichen Angelegenheiten.
Einschließlich der Fälle, in denen es vernünftigerweise notwendig ist, Informationen zu Ihrem Konto aufzubewahren, um X gegen Rechtsansprüche zu verteidigen.
Um die Sicherheit unserer Produkte und Dienstleistungen zu gewährleisten.
Einschließlich der Fälle, in denen es erforderlich ist, Ihre Daten länger zu speichern, um den Missbrauch unserer Produkte und Dienstleistungen zu untersuchen und zu bekämpfen.
Bedenken Sie, dass öffentliche Inhalte auch nach ihrer Entfernung von X noch woanders vorhanden sein können. Suchmaschinen und andere Drittanbieter können beispielsweise Kopien Ihrer Beiträge auf Grundlage ihrer eigenen Datenschutzrichtlinien länger aufbewahren, selbst nachdem sie auf X gelöscht wurden oder abgelaufen sind. Weitere Informationen zur Suchsichtbarkeit finden Sie
hier
.
5. Übernehmen Sie die Kontrolle
5.1 Zugriff, Berichtigung, Übertragbarkeit.
Sie können auf die Daten, die Sie uns zur Verfügung gestellt haben, zugreifen, sie berichtigen oder ändern, indem Sie Ihr Profil bearbeiten und Ihre Account-
Einstellungen
anpassen.
Unter
Deine X Daten
erfahren Sie mehr über die Daten, die wir über Sie erhoben oder abgeleitet haben.
Hier
können Sie Zugriff auf weitere Daten anfordern.
Sie können eine Kopie Ihrer Daten, z. B. Ihrer Posts, herunterladen, indem Sie den Anweisungen
hier
folgen.
Zum Schutz Ihrer Privatsphäre und zur Aufrechterhaltung der Sicherheit ergreifen wir Maßnahmen zur Überprüfung Ihrer Identität, bevor wir Ihnen Auskunft über Ihre personenbezogenen Daten gewähren oder einem Antrag auf Löschung, Übertragbarkeit oder einem anderen damit zusammenhängenden Antrag nachkommen. In bestimmten Situationen können wir Ihren Antrag auf Zugriff, Berichtigung oder Übertragbarkeit ablehnen, z. B. wenn Sie Ihre Identität nicht nachweisen können.
5.2 Löschung Ihrer Daten.
Wenn Sie den Anweisungen
hier
folgen, wird Ihr Account deaktiviert und Ihre Daten werden in eine Warteschlange zur Löschung gestellt. Ist Ihr X Account deaktiviert, sind der Account, Ihr Anzeigename, Ihr Nutzername und Ihr öffentliches Profil auf X.com, in X für iOS und in X für Android nicht mehr sichtbar. Bis zu 30 Tage nach der Deaktivierung ist eine Wiederherstellung Ihres X Accounts möglich, falls er versehentlich oder fälschlich deaktiviert wurde.
5.3 Widerspruch, Einschränkung oder Rückzug Ihrer Einwilligung.
Hier
können Sie Ihre Datenschutzeinstellungen und andere Account-Funktionen verwalten. Wenn Sie Ihre Einstellungen ändern, kann es einige Zeit dauern, bis Ihre Auswahl in unseren Systemen vollständig umgesetzt ist. Abhängig davon, welche Einstellungen Sie angepasst haben, können Sie auch Änderungen bei Ihrer X Nutzung oder Einschränkungen beim Zugriff auf bestimmte Funktionen feststellen. Sie können auch zusätzliche Einstellungen verwalten, wenn Sie mit bestimmten Inhalten und Funktionen in verschiedenen Teilen der Plattform interagieren, z. B. ob ein
Space
aufgezeichnet wird oder ob
Videos, die Sie hochladen,
von anderen heruntergeladen werden können.
5.4 Anfragen von bevollmächtigten Vertreter*innen.
Wenn Sie eine Anfrage bezüglich des Zugriffs, der Berichtigung oder der Löschung Ihrer Daten oder der Daten einer anderen Person, deren bevollmächtigte*r Vertreter*in Sie sind, stellen möchten, können Sie sich auch mit der Methode an uns wenden, die im Abschnitt „Wie kann ich X kontaktieren?“ unserer Datenschutzrichtlinien unten beschrieben ist. Wir können von Ihnen verlangen, dass Sie zusätzliche Daten zur Überprüfung zur Verfügung stellen.
6. Ihre und unsere Rechte
Wir stellen X Personen auf der ganzen Welt zur Verfügung und bieten allen unseren Nutzer*innen, unabhängig von ihrem Wohnort, viele der gleichen Datenschutz-Tools und Kontrollmöglichkeiten. Es kann jedoch sein, dass sich Ihre Nutzung etwas anders gestaltet als für Nutzer*innen in anderen Ländern. Das soll sicherstellen, dass X die lokalen Anforderungen respektiert.
6.1 Wir stützen uns bei der Nutzung Ihrer Daten auf bestimmte Rechtsgrundlagen.
X hat die Rechtsgrundlagen, auf deren Grundlage es X erlaubt ist, Ihre Daten zu erheben, zu verwenden, weiterzugeben und anderweitig zu verarbeiten, sorgfältig geprüft. Wenn Sie mehr erfahren und die Feinheiten besser verstehen möchten, empfehlen wir Ihnen, sich diese
zusätzlichen Informationen über die Datenverarbeitung
anzusehen. Und nein, wir verkaufen Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht.
6.2 Wir verlagern Ihre Daten, damit X für Sie funktioniert.
So wie Sie sich mit X nahtlos an globalen Konversationen mit Personen in Ländern auf der ganzen Welt beteiligen, muss X Daten über Grenzen hinweg und in verschiedene Länder auf der ganzen Welt verlagern, damit der sichere und zuverlässige Dienst, auf den Sie sich verlassen, möglich wird. Wenn Sie zum Beispiel in Europa leben und eine Konversation mit jemandem in den USA führen, müssen Daten zwischen diesen Ländern ausgetauscht werden, damit die Konversation möglich wird. Das ist es, was Sie von uns erwarten.
Wir nutzen auch Rechenzentren und Cloud-Anbieter und beauftragen
unsere verbundenen Unternehmen
sowie Dritte und
Dienstleister
in vielen Teilen der Welt, damit sie uns bei der Bereitstellung unserer Dienste helfen. Bevor wir Daten zwischen Ländern übertragen, prüfen wir die Risiken, die für die Daten bestehen können, und verlassen uns, sofern zutreffend, auf
Standardvertragsklauseln
(SCCs), um sicherzustellen, dass Ihre Datenschutzrechte geschützt sind. Um eine Kopie der SCCs anzufordern, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte
hier
. Wenn Daten an Dritte weitergegeben werden, verlangen wir von ihnen, dass sie den gleichen Schutz für Ihre Daten gewährleisten, wie wir selbst bieten.
X ist an Datenschutz-Rahmenvereinbarungen (Data Privacy Frameworks, DPF) zwischen der EU und den USA und zwischen der Schweiz und den USA und an der Ausweitung des EU-US PDF auf das Vereinigte Königreich
beteiligt
. X beachtet bei jeglicher Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten, die aus der Europäischen Union, der Schweiz und dem Vereinigten Königreich stammen, die DPF-Prinzipien in Bezug auf die DPF zwischen der EU und den USA bzw. der Schweiz und den USA bzw. in Bezug auf die Ausweitung des EU-US PDF auf das Vereinigte Königreich. Wenn Sie eine Anfrage oder Beschwerde bezüglich unserer Teilnahme am DPF haben, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte
hier
. Im Rahmen unserer Beteiligung an den DPF versuchen wir bei Streitigkeiten zwischen Ihnen und uns in Bezug auf unsere Einhaltung der DPF-Prinzipien, diese durch unser internes Beschwerdeverfahren zu lösen, alternativ durch die in den USA basierte unabhängige Schlichtungsstelle
JAMS
, und unter bestimmten Bedingungen durch das DPF-Schlichtungsverfahren anhand der Verfahren und gemäß den Bedingungen, die in
Anhang 1
zu den DPF-Prinzipien beschrieben sind. DPF-Teilnehmer unterliegen den Untersuchungs- und Durchsetzungsbefugnissen der US-amerikanischen Federal Trade Commission und anderer autorisierter gesetzlicher Stellen. Unter bestimmten Umständen können die beteiligten Parteien für die Übertragung personenbezogener Daten aus der EU, der Schweiz und dem Vereinigten Königreich an Dritte außerhalb der EU, der Schweiz und des Vereinigten Königreichs haftbar sein. Weitere Informationen zum EU-US-DPF, zum Schweiz-US-DPF und zur britischen Erweiterung des EU-US-DPF
finden Sie hier
.
7. Die Zielgruppe von X
8. Änderungen an diesen Datenschutzrichtlinien
Die aktuellste Version dieser Datenschutzerklärung regelt unsere Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten und wir können diese Datenschutzerklärung gelegentlich nach Bedarf überarbeiten.
Wenn wir diese Datenschutzrichtlinien überarbeiten und Änderungen vornehmen, die wir als wesentlich erachten, werden wir Sie darüber informieren und Ihnen die Möglichkeit geben, die überarbeiteten Datenschutzrichtlinien zu überprüfen, bevor Sie X weiter nutzen.
9. Allgemein
Die X Datenschutzrichtlinien sind auf Englisch verfasst, werden aber durch Übersetzungen in mehreren Sprachen verfügbar gemacht. X strebt an, dass die Übersetzungen die englische Originalversion so genau wie möglich wiedergeben. Im Falle von Abweichungen oder Unstimmigkeiten hat jedoch die englischsprachige Version der X Datenschutzrichtlinien Vorrang. Sie erkennen an, dass Englisch die Referenzsprache für die Interpretation und Konstruktion der Bedingungen der X Datenschutzrichtlinien ist.
10. Kontaktaufnahme mit X
Wir möchten von Ihnen hören, wenn Sie Gedanken oder Fragen zu dieser Datenschutzerklärung haben. Sie können uns über unsere Seite für
Anfragen zum Datenschutz
kontaktieren oder uns an die unten angegebene Adresse schreiben.
Informationen zu unserer Handhabung von Anfragen im Rahmen des California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) finden Sie
hier
. Informationen zur Handhabung von „Consumer Health Data“ und zu zugehörigen Anfragen, wie sie im „My Health My Data Act“ des US-Bundesstaates Washington und in anderen, ähnlichen Gesetzen von US-Bundesstaaten definiert sind, finden Sie
hier
.
Wenn Sie in den USA oder einem anderen Land außerhalb der Europäischen Union, der EFTA-Staaten oder des Vereinigten Königreichs leben, ist der für Ihre personenbezogenen Daten Verantwortliche X Corp. unter folgender Adresse:
X Corp.
Attn: Privacy Policy Inquiry
865 FM 1209, Building 2
Bastrop, TX 78602
Wenn Sie in der Europäischen Union, den EFTA-Staaten oder dem Vereinigten Königreich leben, ist der Datenverantwortliche, der für Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verantwortlich ist, Twitter International Unlimited Company mit der folgenden Adresse:
Twitter International Unlimited Company
Attn: Data Protection Officer
One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street
Dublin 2, D02 AX07 IRLAND
Wenn Sie in der Schweiz wohnen, können Sie unseren Vertreter auch unter der folgenden Adresse kontaktieren:
Twitter Switzerland GmbH
Attn: Data Protection Officer
c/o Wasag Treuhand AG
Bolligenstrasse 18
Bern, 3006, SWITZERLAND
Wenn Sie Bedenken bezüglich unserer
Datenverarbeitungspraktiken
äußern möchten, haben Sie das Recht, sich über die auf ihrer Website aufgelisteten
Kontaktdaten
an Ihre örtliche Aufsichtsbehörde oder an die federführende Aufsichtsbehörde der Twitter International Unlimited Company, die Irish Data Protection Commission, zu wenden.
Vorherige Erklärungen anzeigen
Übernehmen Sie die Kontrolle über Ihre Privatsphäre
Einstellungen anpassen
Cookies… aber nicht zum Essen...
X und seine Partner möchten dir mit Cookies einen besseren, sichereren und
  schnelleren Service bieten und unser Geschäft unterstützen. Einige Cookies sind erforderlich,
  wenn du unsere Services nutzen möchtest, verbessern unsere Services und sorgen dafür, dass sie korrekt funktionieren.
Mehr über deine Wahlmöglichkeiten erfahren
.
Alle Cookies akzeptieren
Unwesentliche Cookies ablehnen
Sub-policy 2
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 3
https://twitter.com/privacy:
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Settings
Privacy Center
Help Center
Policy Archive
Download PDF
X Privacy Policy
Effective: November 15, 2024
Before you scroll, read this
It’s really hard to make everyone happy with a Privacy Policy. Most people who use X want something short and easy to understand. While we wish we could fit everything you need to know into a post, our regulators ask us to meet our legal obligations by describing them all in a lot of detail.
With that in mind, we’ve written our Privacy Policy as simply as possible to empower you to make informed decisions when you use X by making sure you understand and have control over the information we collect, how it’s used, and when it’s shared.
So if you skip reading every word of the Privacy Policy, at least know this:
X is a public platform
Learn what’s viewable & searchable
We collect some data
about you
Learn what we collect & how
Affiliate services may have their own policies
Learn about affiliates
We use your data to make X better
Learn how we make your info work
You can control your experience
Learn how to update your settings
If you have questions about how we use data, just ask
Learn how to contact us
Privacy Policy
1. Information We Collect
2. How We Use Information
3. Sharing Information
4. How Long We Keep Information
5. Take Control
6. Your Rights and Ours
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
9. General
10. How To Contact X
1. Information We Collect
1. Information We Collect
2. How We Use Information
3. Sharing Information
4. How Long We Keep Information
5. Take Control
6. Your Rights and Ours
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
9. General
10. How To Contact X
1. Information We Collect
The information we collect when you use X falls into three categories.
1.1 Information you provide us.
To use some of our products and services you need to have an account, and to create an account, you need to provide us certain information. Likewise, if you use our paid products and services, we cannot provide them to you without getting payment information. Basically, certain information is necessary if you want to use many of our products and services.
Personal Accounts.
If you create an account, you must provide us with some information so that we can provide our services to you. This includes a display name (for example, “Creators”); a username (for example, @XCreators); a password; an email address or phone number; a date of birth; your display language; and third-party single sign-in information (if you choose this sign-in method). You can also choose to share your location in your profile and posts, and to upload your address book to X to help find people you may know. Your profile information, which includes your display name and username, is always public, but you can use either your real name or a pseudonym. And remember, you can create multiple X accounts, for example, to express different parts of your identity, professional or otherwise.
Professional Accounts.
If you create a
professional account
, you also need to provide us with a professional category, and may provide us with other information, including street address, contact email address, and contact phone number, all of which will always be public.
Payment Information.
In order to purchase ads or other offerings provided as part of our paid products and services you will need to provide us payment information, including your credit or debit card number, card expiration date, CVV code, and billing address.
Preferences.
When you set your preferences using your
settings
, we collect that information so that we can respect your preferences.
Biometric Information.
Based on your consent, we may collect and use your biometric information for safety, security, and identification purposes.
Job Applications / Recommendations.
We may collect and use your personal information (such as your biographical information, employment history, educational history, employment preferences, skills and abilities, and job search activity and engagement, in addition to the information we already collect as disclosed in the “Information we collect when you use X” section of our Privacy Policy below) to recommend potential jobs to you, to share with potential employers when you apply for a job, to enable connections for professional opportunities, and to show you more relevant advertising.
1.2 Information we collect when you use X.
When you use our services, we collect information about how you use our products and services. We use that information to provide you with products and services, to help keep X more secure and respectful for everyone, and more relevant to you.
Usage Information.
We collect information about your activity on X, including:
Posts and other content you post (including the date, application, and version of X) and information about your broadcast activity (e.g., Spaces), including broadcasts you’ve created and when you created them, your lists, bookmarks, and Communities you are a part of.
Your interactions with other users’ content, such as reposts, likes, bookmarks, shares, downloads, replies, if other users mention or tag you in content or if you mention or tag them, and broadcasts you’ve participated in (including your viewing history, listening, commenting, speaking, and reacting).
How you interact with others on the platform, such as people you follow and people who follow you, metadata related to
Encrypted Messages
, and when you use
Direct Messages
, including the contents of the messages, the recipients, and date and time of messages.
If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will collect information about the communication and its content.
We collect information on links you interact with across our services (including in our emails sent to you).
Purchase and payments.
To allow you to make a payment or send money using X features or services, including through an intermediary, we may receive information about your transaction such as when it was made, when a subscription is set to expire or auto-renew, and amounts paid or received.
Device Information.
We collect information from and about the devices you use to access X, including:
Information about your connection, such as your IP address, browser type, and related information.
Information about your device and its settings, such as device and advertising ID, operating system, carrier, language, memory, apps installed, and battery level.
Your device address book, if you’ve chosen to share it with us.
Location Information.
When you use X, we collect some information about your approximate location to provide the service you expect, including showing you relevant ads. You can also choose to share your current precise location or places where you’ve previously used X by enabling these settings in your account.
Inferred Identity.
We may collect or receive information that we use to infer your identity as detailed below:
When you sign into X on a browser or device, we will associate that browser or device with your account. Subject to your settings, we may also associate your account with browsers or devices other than those you use to sign into X (or associate your signed-out device or browser with other browsers or devices or X-generated identiﬁers).
When you provide other information to X, including an email address or phone number, we associate that information with your X account. Subject to your settings, we may also use this information in order to infer other information about your identity, for example by associating your account with hashes of email addresses that share common components with the email address you have provided to X.
When you access X and are not signed in, we may infer your identity based on the information we collect.
Log Information.
We may receive information when you view content on or otherwise interact with our products and services, even if you have not created an account or are signed out, such as:
IP address and related information; browser type and language; operating system; the referring webpage; access times; pages visited; location; your mobile carrier; device information (including device and application IDs); search terms and IDs (including those not submitted as queries); ads shown to you on X; X-generated identiﬁers; and identiﬁers associated with cookies. We also receive log information when you click on, view, or interact with links on our services, including when you install another application through X.
Advertisements.
When you view or interact with ads we serve on or oﬀ X, we may collect information about those views or interactions (e.g., watching a video ad or preroll, clicking on an ad, interacting with reposts of or replies to an ad).
Cookies and similar technologies.
Like many websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to collect additional website usage data and to operate our services. Cookies are not required for many parts of our products and services such as searching and looking at public proﬁles. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies
here
.
Interactions with our content on third-party sites.
When you view our content on third-party websites that integrate X content, such as embedded timelines or post buttons, we may receive log information that includes the web page you visited.
1.3 Information we receive from third parties.
When you use other online products and services, they may share information about that usage with us.
Ad Partners, Developers, Publishers.
Our ad and business partners share information with us such as browser cookie IDs, X-generated identifiers,
mobile device IDs, hashed user information like email addresses, demographic or interest data, and content viewed or actions taken on a website or app. Some of our ad partners, particularly our advertisers, also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by X from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with X and that X receives,
generates, or infers
about you described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.
Other Third Parties, Account Connections, and Integrations.
We may receive information about you from third parties who are not our ad partners, such as other X users, developers, and partners who help us evaluate the safety and quality of content on our platform, our
corporate affiliates
, and other services you link to your X account. You may choose to connect your X account to your account on another service, and that other service may send us information about your account on that service.
2. How We Use Information
Breaking down how we use the information we collect is not simple because of the way the systems that bring our services to you work. For example, the same piece of information may be used differently for different purposes to ultimately deliver a single service. We think it’s most useful to describe the five main ways we use information and if you have questions that are not answered, you can always
contact us
. Here we go:
2.1 Operate, improve, and personalize our services.
We use the information we collect to provide and operate X products and services. We also use the information we collect to improve and personalize our products and services so that you have a better experience on X, including by showing you more relevant content and ads, suggesting people and topics to follow, enabling and helping you discover
affiliates
, third-party apps, and services. We may use the information we collect and publicly available information to help train our machine learning or artificial intelligence models for the purposes outlined in this policy.
We may use the information we collect from accounts of other services that you choose to connect to your X account to provide you features like cross-posting or cross-service authentication, and to operate our services.
We use your contact information to help others find your account if your settings permit, including through third-party services and client applications.
We use your information to provide our advertising and sponsored content services subject to your
settings
, which helps make ads on X more relevant to you. We also use this information to measure the effectiveness of ads and to help recognize your devices to serve you ads on and off of X. Some of our ad partners also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by X from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with X and that X receives, generates, or infers about you, as described elsewhere in our Privacy Policy.
2.2  Foster safety and security.
We use information we collect to provide for the safety and security of our users, our products, services, and your account. This includes verifying your identity, authenticating your account, and defending against fraud, unauthorized use, and illegal activity. We also use the information to evaluate and affect the safety and quality of content on X - this includes investigating and enforcing our policies and and terms, as well as applicable law.
2.3 Measure, analyze and make our services better.
We use the information we collect to measure and analyze the effectiveness of our products and services and to better understand how you use them in order to make them better.
2.4 Communicate with you about our services.
We use the information we collect to communicate with you about our products and services, including about product updates and changes to our policies and terms. If you’re open to hearing from us, we may also send you marketing messages from time to time.
2.5 Research.
We use information you share with us, or that we collect to conduct research, surveys, product testing, and troubleshooting to help us operate and improve our products and services.
3. Sharing Information
You should know the ways we share your information, why we share it, and how you can control it. There are five general ways we share your information.
3.1 When you post and share.
With the general public
. You are directing us to disclose that information as broadly as possible. X content, including your profile information (e.g., name/pseudonym, username, profile pictures), is available for viewing by the general public. The public does not need to be signed in to view some content on X. They may also find X content off of X: for example, from search query results on Internet search engines or videos downloaded and reshared elsewhere (depending on your
settings
).
With other X users.
Depending on your
settings
, and based on the X products and services you use, we share:
Your interactions with X content of other users, such as replies, and people you follow.
Content you send to a specific X user, such as through
Direct Messages
. Please keep in mind that if you’ve shared information like Direct Messages or protected posts with someone else who accesses X through a third-party service, the information may be shared with the third-party service.
With partners.
Depending on your
settings
, we also provide certain third parties with information to help us offer or operate our products and services. You can learn more about these partnerships in our
Help Center
. You can control whether X shares your personal information with these partners by using the “Data sharing with business partners” option in your
Privacy & Safety settings
. (This setting does not control sharing described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, such as when we share information with our service providers, or through partnerships other than as described in this
Help Center
article.)
3.2 With third parties & third-party integrations.
With service providers.
We may share your information with our
service providers
that perform functions and provide services on our behalf, including payment services providers who facilitate payments; service providers that host our various blogs and wikis; service providers that help us understand the use of our services; applicant tracking system providers to send and receive applicant and job data to potential employers; and those that provide fraud detection services.
With advertisers.
Advertising revenue enables us to provide our products and services. Advertisers may learn information from your engagement with their ads on or off X. For example, if you click on an external link or ad on our services, that advertiser or website operator might figure out that you came from X, along with other information associated with the ad you clicked, such as characteristics of the audience it was intended to reach and other X-generated identifiers for that ad. They may also collect other personal information from you, such as cookie identifiers, or your IP address.
Third-party content & integrations.
We share or disclose your information with your consent or at your direction, such as when you
authorize a third-party web client or application
to access your account or when you direct us to share your feedback with a business. Similarly, to improve your experience, we work with third-party partners to display their video content on X or to allow cross-platform sharing. When you watch or otherwise interact with content from our video or cross-platform sharing partners, they may receive and process your personal information as described in their privacy policies. For video content, you can adjust your
autoplay settings
if you prefer that content not to play automatically.
Third-party collaborators.
Depending on your
settings
, or if you decide to share your data, we may share or disclose your information with third parties. If you do not opt out, in some instances the recipients of the information may use it for their own independent purposes in addition to those stated in X’s Privacy Policy, including, for example, to train their artificial intelligence models, whether generative or otherwise.
Through our APIs.
We use technology like
APIs
and embeds to make public X information available to websites, apps, and others for their use, for example, displaying posts on a news website or analyzing what people say on X. We generally make this content available in limited quantities for free and charge licensing fees for large-scale access. We have
standard terms
that govern how this information can be used, and a compliance program to enforce these terms. But these individuals and companies are not affiliated with X, and their offerings may not reflect updates you make on X. For more information about how we make public data on X available to the world, visit
https://developer.x.com
.
3.3 When required by law, to prevent harm, or in the public interest.
We may preserve, use, share, or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to:
comply with a law, regulation,
legal process, or governmental request
;
protect the safety of any person, protect the safety or integrity of our platform, including to help prevent spam, abuse, or malicious actors on our services;
explain why we have removed content or accounts from our services (e.g., for a violation of
our Rules
);
address fraud, security, or technical issues; or
protect our rights or property, or the rights or property of those who use our services.
We may also use different signals and your data to infer, preserve, use, share, or disclose your age and identity information in order to comply with regulatory requirements as well as for safety, security, fraud, know-your-customer, know-your-business, and identity verification, as the case may be. We may also share or disclose your age and identity information with our partners, service providers, and others for these purposes.
3.4 With our Affiliates.
We may share information amongst our
affiliates
to provide our products and services.
3.5 As a result of a change in ownership.
We may share, sell, or transfer information about you in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets, or bankruptcy. This Privacy Policy will apply to your personal information that is shared with (before and after the close of any transaction) or transferred to the new entity.
4. How Long We Keep Information
We keep different types of information for different periods of time, depending on how long we need to retain it in order to provide you with our products and services, to comply with our legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. For example:
We keep your profile information, such as your display name, user name, password and email address for the duration of your account. We cannot provide you with our products and services without retaining this information.
We keep your usage information, such as the content you post, your interactions with other users’ content and how you interact with others on the platform for the duration of your account or until such content is removed.
We keep your payment information, including your credit or debit card number and billing address for the duration you use our paid products and services. Records of transactions will be kept for longer, in accordance with applicable law.
If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will keep information about the communication and its content for up to 18 months, unless it is necessary for us to retain it for a longer period to comply with our legal obligations or to exercise or defend our legal rights.
We generally collect device information, location information, inferred identity information and log information using cookies. We keep cookies and information collected using cookies for up to 13 months. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies
here
.
We keep information about your views or interactions with ads on or off X, as well as how you interact with our content on third-party sites for up to 90 days.
We keep information shared by ad and business partners for up to 90 days.
Where you violate our Rules and your account is suspended, we may keep the identifiers you used to create the account (such as your email address or phone number) indefinitely to prevent repeat policy offenders from creating new accounts.
We may need to keep certain information longer than our policies specify in order to comply with legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. For example:
To comply with a law, regulation, legal process or governmental request.
Including in order to adhere to a legally appropriate preservation request made by law enforcement. You can read more about law enforcement access
here
.
In connection with legal claims, litigation and regulatory matters.
Including where it is reasonably necessary to retain information relating to your account in order to defend X against legal claims.
To maintain the safety and security of our products and services.
Including where it is necessary to store your information longer in order to investigate and fight abuse on our products and services.
Remember public content can exist elsewhere even after it is removed from X. For example, search engines and other third parties may retain copies of your posts longer, based upon their own privacy policies, even after they are deleted or expire on X. You can read more about search visibility
here
.
5. Take Control
5.1 Access, Correction, Portability.
You can access, correct, or modify the information you provided to us by editing your profile and adjusting your account
settings
.
You can learn more about the information we have collected or inferred about you in
Your X Data
and request access to additional information
here
.
You can download a copy of your information, such as your posts, by following the instructions
here
.
To protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with a deletion, portability, or other related request. We may, in certain situations, reject your request for access, correction, or portability, for example, we may reject access where you are unable to verify your identity.
5.2 Deleting your Information.
If you follow the instructions
here
, your account will be deactivated and your data will be queued for deletion. When deactivated, your X account, including your display name, username, and public profile, will no longer be viewable on X.com, X for iOS, and X for Android. For up to 30 days after deactivation it is still possible to restore your X account if it was accidentally or wrongfully deactivated.
5.3 Objecting to, Restricting, or Withdrawing your Consent.
You can manage your privacy settings and other account features
here
. If you change your settings it may take some time for your choices to be fully reflected throughout our systems. You may also notice changes in your X experience or limitations in your ability to access certain features depending on the settings you’ve adjusted. You may also manage additional settings when interacting with certain content and features on different parts of the platform, such as whether a
Space
is recorded, or whether
videos you upload
are downloadable by others.
5.4 Authorized Agent Requests.
To submit a request related to access, modification, or deletion of your information, or someone else’s information if you are their authorized agent, you may also contact us as specified in the How To Contact X section of our Privacy Policy below. We may require you to provide additional information for verification.
6. Your Rights and Ours
We provide X to people all over the world and provide many of the same privacy tools and controls to all of our users regardless of where they live. However, your experience may be slightly different than users in other countries to ensure X respects local requirements.
6.1 We have specific legal bases to use your information.
X has carefully considered the legal reasons it is permitted to collect, use, share and otherwise process your information. If you want to dig in to learn more and better understand the nuances, we’d encourage you to check out
this additional information about data processing
. And no, we don’t sell your personal information.
6.2 We move your data to make X work for you.
Just as you use X to seamlessly participate in global conversations with people in countries all over the world, X must move information across borders and to different countries around the world to support the safe and reliable service you depend on. For example, if you live in Europe and are having a conversation with someone in the United States, information has to move between those countries to provide that experience – it’s what you expect from us.
We also use data centers and cloud providers, and engage
our affiliates
and third-party partners and
service providers
located in many parts of the world to help us provide our services. Before we move data between countries we look at the risks that may be presented to the data and rely on
standard contractual clauses
(SCCs), where applicable, to ensure your data rights are protected. To request a copy of the SCCs, please contact us
here
. If data will be shared with a third party, we require them to maintain the same protections over your data that we provide directly.
X is a
participant
in the EU-US Data Privacy Framework (DPF), the Swiss-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF. X complies with the DPF Principles for all its processing of personal data received from the European Union, Switzerland and the UK, in reliance on the EU-US DPF, Swiss-US DPF and UK Extension to the EU-US DPF, respectively. If you have an inquiry or complaint related to our participation in the DPF, please contact us
here
. As part of our participation in the DPF, if you have a dispute with us about our adherence to the DPF Principles, we will seek to resolve it through our internal complaint resolution process, alternatively through the US-based independent dispute resolution body
JAMS
, and under certain conditions, through the DPF Arbitration Process following the procedures and subject to the conditions described in
Annex 1
to the DPF Principles. DPF participants are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade Commission and other authorized statutory bodies. Under certain circumstances, participants may be liable for the transfer of personal data from the EU, Switzerland and the UK to third parties outside the EU, Switzerland and the UK. Learn more about the EU-US DPF, the Swiss-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF
here
.
7. X's Audience
Our services are not directed to children, and you may not use our services if you are under the age of 13. You must also be old enough to consent to the processing of your personal data in your country (in some countries we may allow your
parent or guardian to do so on your behalf
). We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you become aware that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, please contact us
here
. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we take steps to remove such information and terminate the child’s account. You can find additional resources for parents and teens
here
.
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
The most current version of this Privacy Policy governs our processing of your personal data and we may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time as needed.
If we do revise this Privacy Policy and make changes that are determined by us to be material, we will provide you notice and an opportunity to review the revised Privacy Policy before you continue to use X.
9. General
The X Privacy Policy is written in English but is made available in multiple languages through translations. X strives to make the translations as accurate as possible to the original English version. However, in case of any discrepancies or inconsistencies, the English language version of the X Privacy Policy shall take precedence. You acknowledge that English shall be the language of reference for interpreting and constructing the terms of the X Privacy Policy.
10. How To Contact X
We want to hear from you if you have thoughts or questions about this Privacy Policy. You can contact us via our
Privacy Policy Inquiries
page or by writing to us at the appropriate address below.
Information about our handling of California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) requests is available
here
. Information about our handling of “Consumer Health Data” and associated requests as defined under Washington State’s My Health My Data Act and other similar state laws is available
here
.
If you live in the United States or any other country outside of the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is X Corp., with an address of:
X Corp.
Attn: Privacy Policy Inquiry
865 FM 1209, Building 2
Bastrop, TX 78602
If you live in the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is Twitter International Unlimited Company, with an address of:
Twitter International Unlimited Company
Attn: Data Protection Officer
One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street
Dublin 2, D02 AX07 IRELAND
If you live in Switzerland, you can also contact our appointed representative at the following address:
Twitter Switzerland GmbH
Attn: Data Protection Officer
c/o Wasag Treuhand AG
Bolligenstrasse 18
Bern, 3006, SWITZERLAND
If you wish to raise a concern about our
data processing practices
, you have the right to do so with your local supervisory authority or Twitter International Unlimited Company’s lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, using the
contact details
listed on their website.
View previous policies
Take control of your privacy
Adjust your settings
Did someone say … cookies?
X and its partners use cookies to provide you with a better, safer and
  faster service and to support our business. Some cookies are necessary to use
  our services, improve our services, and make sure they work properly.
Show more about your choices
.
Accept all cookies
Refuse non-essential cookies
Sub-policy 4
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/:
Facebook
Email or phone
Password
Forgot account?
Create new account
It looks like you were misusing this feature by going too fast. You’ve been temporarily blocked from using it.
Back
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 5
https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy:
Datenschutzerklärung & Nutzungsbedingungen
Übersicht
Datenschutzerklärung
Nutzungsbedingungen
Technologien
Häufig gestellte Fragen
Google-Konto
Datenschutzerklärung
Einführung
Von Google erhobene Daten
Gründe für die Datenerhebung durch Google
Datenschutzeinstellungen
Datenweitergabe
Gewährleistung der Datensicherheit
Löschen und Exportieren Ihrer Daten
Aufbewahrung Ihrer Informationen
Compliance und Zusammenarbeit mit Regierungsbehörden
Anforderungen in Europa
Informationen über diese Datenschutzerklärung
Weitere Informationen zum Datenschutz
Rahmenbedingungen für Datenübermittlungen
Wichtige Begriffe
Partner
Aktualisierungen
Google-Datenschutzerklärung
Wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen, vertrauen Sie uns Ihre Daten an. Wir sind uns bewusst, dass dies eine große Verantwortung ist und setzen alles daran, Ihre Daten zu schützen und zu gewährleisten, dass Sie die Kontrolle darüber behalten.
In dieser Datenschutzerklärung erfahren Sie, welche Daten von uns erhoben werden, welche Zwecke wir damit verfolgen und wie Sie Ihre Daten aktualisieren, verwalten, exportieren und löschen können.
Wenn das Datenschutzrecht der Europäischen Union oder des Vereinigten Königreichs auf die Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten Anwendung findet, finden Sie unten im Abschnitt
Anforderungen in Europa
weitere Informationen zu Ihren Rechten sowie zur Einhaltung dieser Gesetze durch Google.
Privatsphärecheck
Sie möchten Ihre Datenschutzeinstellungen ändern?
Privatsphärecheck machen
Wirksam ab dem 16. September 2024
|
Archivierte Versionen
|
PDF herunterladen
Inhalt
Einführung
Von Google erhobene Daten
Gründe für die Datenerhebung durch Google
Datenschutzeinstellungen
Datenweitergabe
Gewährleistung der Datensicherheit
Löschen und Exportieren Ihrer Daten
Aufbewahrung Ihrer Informationen
Compliance und Zusammenarbeit mit Regierungsbehörden
Anforderungen in Europa
Informationen über diese Datenschutzerklärung
Weitere Informationen zum Datenschutz
Wir entwickeln eine Vielzahl von Diensten, die Millionen von Menschen Tag für Tag helfen, die Welt ganz neu zu entdecken und mit ihr zu interagieren. Zu unseren Diensten zählen:
Google-Apps, -Websites und -Geräte, wie die Google-Suche, YouTube und Google Home
Plattformen wie der Chrome-Browser und das Android-Betriebssystem
Produkte, die in Apps und Websites von Drittanbietern integriert sind, wie Werbe- und Analyseprodukte und das eingebettete Google Maps
Sie können unsere Dienste auf vielfältige Weise nutzen, um Ihre Privatsphäre zu verwalten. So haben Sie beispielsweise die Möglichkeit, sich für ein Google-Konto zu registrieren, wenn Sie Inhalte wie E-Mails und Fotos erstellen und verwalten oder relevantere Suchergebnisse erhalten möchten. Sie können auch zahlreiche Google-Dienste nutzen, ohne sich anzumelden oder ein Konto zu erstellen, beispielsweise wenn Sie die Google Suche verwenden oder sich YouTube-Videos ansehen. Außerdem ist es möglich, in einem privaten Modus im Web zu surfen, etwa im
Inkognitomodus von Chrome
, sodass andere Personen, die Ihr Gerät verwenden, nicht sehen können, welche Inhalte Sie aufgerufen haben. Bei allen unseren Diensten können Sie Ihre Datenschutzeinstellungen ändern und so festlegen, ob wir manche Arten von Daten erheben und wie wir sie verwenden.
Um Ihnen unsere Datenschutzerklärung möglichst verständlich zu machen, haben wir Beispiele, Videos und Definitionen für
Schlüsselbegriffe
angefügt. Wenn Sie dennoch Fragen dazu haben,
können Sie uns gern kontaktieren
.
Von Google erhobene Daten
Im Folgenden erklären wir Ihnen, welche Arten von Daten wir erheben, während Sie unsere Dienste nutzen
Wir erheben Daten, um allen unseren Nutzern bessere Dienste zur Verfügung zu stellen – von der Feststellung grundlegender Informationen wie zum Beispiel Ihrer Sprache bis hin zu komplexeren Fragen wie zum Beispiel
Werbung, die Sie besonders nützlich finden
, den
Personen, mit denen Sie online am häufigsten zu tun haben
, oder den YouTube-Videos, die Sie interessant finden. Welche Daten Google erhebt und wie diese verwendet werden hängt davon ab, wie Sie unsere Dienste nutzen und wie Sie Ihre Datenschutzeinstellungen verwalten.
Wenn Sie nicht in einem Google-Konto angemeldet sind, speichern wir die von uns erhobenen Daten mit
eindeutigen Kennungen
, die mit dem Browser, der App oder dem
Gerät
verknüpft sind, welche Sie verwenden. Auf diese Weise können wir verschiedene Dinge tun, wie beispielsweise Ihre Einstellungen über Browsersitzungen hinweg beibehalten, zum Beispiel Ihre bevorzugte Sprache oder ob Sie relevantere Suchergebnisse oder Werbung auf Grundlage Ihrer Aktivitäten sehen möchten.
Wenn Sie in einem Google-Konto angemeldet sind, erheben wir auch Daten, die wir in Ihrem Google-Konto speichern und als
personenbezogene Daten
erachten.
Daten, die Sie uns bei der Nutzung unserer Dienste bereitstellen
Wenn Sie ein Google-Konto erstellen, stellen Sie uns
personenbezogene Daten
zur Verfügung, darunter Ihren Namen und ein Passwort. Sie können Ihrem Konto auch eine
Telefonnummer
oder
Zahlungsinformationen
hinzufügen. Selbst wenn Sie nicht bei einem Google-Konto angemeldet sind, können Sie uns Daten zur Verfügung stellen, etwa eine E-Mail-Adresse, um mit Google zu kommunizieren oder Benachrichtigungen zu unseren Diensten zu erhalten.
Wir erheben auch die Inhalte, die Sie bei der Nutzung unserer Dienste erstellen, hochladen oder von anderen erhalten. Dazu gehören beispielsweise E-Mails, die Sie verfassen und empfangen, Fotos und Videos, die Sie speichern, Dokumente und Tabellen, die Sie erstellen, und Kommentare, die Sie zu YouTube-Videos schreiben.
Daten, die wir bei der Nutzung unserer Dienste erheben
Ihre Apps, Browser und Geräte
Wir erheben Daten über die Apps, Browser und
Geräte
, die Sie beim Zugriff auf Google-Dienste verwenden. Das hilft uns, Funktionen wie automatische Produktupdates anzubieten oder Ihren Bildschirm zu dimmen, wenn Ihr Akku schwach ist.
Zu den von uns erhobenen Daten zählen
eindeutige Kennungen
, der Typ und die Einstellungen des Browsers, der Typ und die Einstellungen des Geräts, das Betriebssystem, Informationen zum Mobilfunknetz wie der Name des Mobilfunkanbieters und die Telefonnummer sowie die Versionsnummer der App. Wir erheben auch Daten über die Interaktion Ihrer Apps, Browser und Geräte mit unseren Diensten. Hierzu zählen u. a. die
IP-Adresse
, Absturzberichte, Systemaktivitäten sowie das Datum, die Uhrzeit und die Verweis-URL Ihrer Anfrage.
Wir erheben diese Daten, wenn ein Google-Dienst auf Ihrem Gerät unsere Server kontaktiert, beispielsweise wenn Sie eine App vom Play Store installieren oder wenn ein Dienst automatische Updates abfragt. Wenn Sie ein
Android-Gerät mit Google Apps
verwenden, kontaktiert Ihr Gerät regelmäßig die Google-Server, um Daten über Ihr Gerät und die Verbindung zu unseren Diensten bereitzustellen. Zu diesen Daten zählen beispielsweise
der Typ Ihres Geräts und der Name Ihres Mobilfunkanbieters
, Absturzberichte, die von Ihnen installierten Apps und, abhängig von den Einstellungen auf Ihrem Gerät,
weitere Informationen dazu, wie Sie Ihr Android-Gerät verwenden
.
Ihre Aktivitäten
Wir erheben in unseren Diensten Daten zu Ihren Aktivitäten. Diese Daten verwenden wir beispielsweise, um Ihnen ein YouTube-Video zu empfehlen, das Ihnen gefallen könnte. Unter anderem könnten folgende Aktivitätsdaten erhoben werden:
Begriffe, nach denen Sie suchen
Videos, die Sie sich ansehen
Inhalte und Werbeanzeigen, die Sie sich ansehen und mit denen Sie interagieren
Sprach- und Audiodaten
Kaufaktivitäten
Personen, mit denen Sie kommunizieren oder Inhalte austauschen
Aktivitäten auf Websites und Apps von Drittanbietern, die unsere Dienste nutzen
Der Chrome-Browserverlauf, den Sie
mit Ihrem Google-Konto synchronisiert
haben
Wenn Sie unsere
Dienste nutzen, um Anrufe zu tätigen und zu erhalten oder um Nachrichten zu senden und zu empfangen
, erheben wir möglicherweise Anruf- und Nachrichteninformationen wie Ihre Telefonnummer, die Anrufernummer, die Nummer des Angerufenen, Weiterleitungsnummern, die E-Mail-Adressen von Sender und Empfänger, das Datum und die Uhrzeit von Anrufen und Nachrichten, die Dauer von Anrufen, Routing-Informationen und die Art und Anzahl von Anrufen und Nachrichten.
Die in Ihrem Konto gespeicherten Aktivitätsdaten können Sie sich in Ihrem Google-Konto ansehen und sie dort auch verwalten.
Zum Google-Konto
Ihre Standortdaten
Wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen, erheben wir Standortinformationen. Dadurch können wir Ihnen Funktionen wie Wegbeschreibungen, Suchergebnisse für Dinge in Ihrer Nähe und Werbung auf Grundlage Ihres Standorts anbieten.
Je nachdem, welche Produkte Sie nutzen und welche Einstellungen Sie auswählen, kann Google verschiedene Arten von Standortinformationen verwenden, um bestimmte Dienste und Produkte hilfreicher zu gestalten. Dazu gehören unter anderem:
GPS- und andere
Sensordaten von Ihrem Gerät
IP-Adresse
Aktivitäten in Google-Diensten
, zum Beispiel von Ihren Suchanfragen oder
Orte, die Sie mit einem Label versehen, etwa Ihr Zuhause oder Ihr Arbeitsplatz
Informationen über Objekte in der Nähe Ihres Geräts
, wie etwa WLAN-Zugriffspunkte, Funkmasten und Bluetooth-fähige Geräte
Die durch uns erhobenen Arten von Standortdaten und wie lange wir diese speichern hängen zum Teil von Ihren Geräte- und Kontoeinstellungen ab. Zum Beispiel können Sie mit der App „Einstellungen“ auf Ihrem Android-Gerät
die Standorterfassung Ihres Geräts aktivieren oder deaktivieren
. Wenn Sie eine private Karte mit Orten erstellen möchten, die Sie mit Ihren angemeldeten Geräten besuchen, können Sie auch den
Standortverlauf
aktivieren. Und wenn die Einstellung „Web- & App-Aktivitäten“ aktiviert ist, werden Ihre Suchanfragen und anderen Aktivitäten in Google-Diensten, die möglicherwiese ebenfalls Standortinformationen enthalten, in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeichert. Weitere Informationen dazu, wie wir Standortinformationen verwenden,
finden Sie hier
.
In manchen Fällen erhebt Google auch Daten über Sie aus
öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen
. Wenn beispielsweise Ihr Name in Ihrer lokalen Zeitung erwähnt wird, kann die Google-Suchmaschine diesen Artikel indexieren und anderen Personen zeigen, wenn sie nach Ihrem Namen suchen. Unter Umständen erhalten wir auch Daten über Sie von vertrauenswürdigen Partnern. Dazu zählen Verzeichnisdienste, die uns in Google-Diensten anzuzeigende Informationen zu Unternehmen liefern, Marketingpartner, die uns Daten über potenzielle Kunden unserer Geschäftsdienste bereitstellen, und Sicherheitspartner, die uns Daten liefern, mit denen wir uns
vor Missbrauch schützen
können. Wir erhalten auch Daten von
Partnern, damit wir in deren Auftrag Werbung und Recherchedienste zur Verfügung stellen können
.
Zum Erheben und Speichern von Daten verwenden wir verschiedene Technologien. Dazu zählen
Cookies
,
Pixel-Tags
, die lokale Speicherung wie etwa
Browser-Webspeicher
oder
Anwendungsdaten-Caches
, Datenbanken und
Serverprotokolle
.
Gründe für die Datenerhebung durch Google
Wir verwenden Daten zur Verbesserung unserer Dienste
Wir nutzen die von uns im Rahmen unserer Dienste erhobenen Daten für folgende Zwecke:
Bereitstellung unserer Dienste
Wir nutzen Ihre Daten zur
Bereitstellung unserer Dienste
. Hierzu zählen beispielsweise die Verarbeitung Ihrer Suchbegriffe, um Suchergebnisse einzublenden, oder das Vorschlagen von Empfängern aus Ihren Kontakten, wenn Sie Inhalte teilen möchten.
Wartung und Verbesserung unserer Dienste
Wir verwenden Ihre Daten,
um zu gewährleisten, dass unsere Dienste ordnungsgemäß funktionieren
. Beispielsweise verwenden wir sie zur Überprüfung von Störungen oder zur Beseitigung von Problemen, die Sie uns gemeldet haben. Außerdem nutzen wir Ihre Daten, um
unsere Dienste zu verbessern
. Dazu zählt beispielsweise die Feststellung, welche Suchbegriffe am häufigsten falsch geschrieben werden, damit wir die in unseren Diensten verwendete Rechtschreibprüfung verbessern können.
Entwicklung neuer Dienste
Wir nutzen die im Rahmen unserer bestehenden Dienste erhobenen Daten zur Entwicklung neuer Dienste. Beispielsweise halfen uns Erkenntnisse darüber, wie Personen Fotos in Picasa, der ersten Foto-App von Google, organisiert haben, bei der Entwicklung von Google Fotos.
Bereitstellung personalisierter Dienste, einschließlich Inhalte und Werbeanzeigen
Wir nutzen die von uns erhobenen Daten zur Personalisierung unserer Dienste. Dazu zählen die Bereitstellung von Empfehlungen, von personalisierten Inhalten und
von personalisierten Suchergebnissen
. Beispielsweise erhalten Sie im
Sicherheitscheck
Sicherheitstipps, die auf Ihre persönliche Nutzung von Google-Produkten zugeschnitten sind. Je nach Ihren verfügbaren Einstellungen kann Google Play Daten nutzen, etwa über Apps, die Sie installiert haben, und Videos, die Sie sich auf YouTube angesehen haben, um neue Apps zu empfehlen, die Ihnen gefallen könnten.
Je nach Ihren Einstellungen zeigen wir Ihnen möglicherweise auch auf Ihre Interessen und Aktivitäten in Google-Diensten bezogene
personalisierte Werbung
. Wenn Sie beispielsweise nach „Mountainbikes“ suchen, kann auf YouTube Werbung für Sportausrüstung eingeblendet werden. In Ihren Einstellungen für Werbung unter
Mein Anzeigen-Center
können Sie festlegen, welche Daten wir zur Auswahl der präsentierten Werbung verwenden.
Wir zeigen Ihnen keine personalisierte Werbung, die auf
sensiblen Kategorien
, wie der ethnischen Zugehörigkeit, Religion, sexuellen Orientierung oder Gesundheit beruht.
Wir zeigen Ihnen keine personalisierte Werbung auf Grundlage von Ihren Inhalten aus Google Drive, Gmail oder Google Fotos.
Wir geben Daten, durch die Sie persönlich identifizierbar sind, wie beispielsweise Ihren Namen oder Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, nur dann an Werbetreibende weiter, wenn Sie uns dazu auffordern. Wenn Sie beispielsweise Werbung für einen Blumenladen in Ihrer Nähe sehen und die Schaltfläche "Zum Anrufen tippen" auswählen, verbinden wir Ihren Anruf und geben Ihre Telefonnummer möglicherweise an den Blumenladen weiter.
Zu „Mein Anzeigen-Center“
Messung der Leistung
Wir nutzen die Daten zur Analyse und Messung, um zu verstehen, wie unsere Dienste verwendet werden. Beispielsweise analysieren wir Daten über Ihre Besuche auf unseren Websites, um das Design unserer Produkte zu optimieren. Zusätzlich nutzen wir Daten der Werbeanzeigen, mit denen Sie interagieren, einschließlich Ihrer zugehörigen Aktivitäten in der Google Suche, um Werbetreibenden ein besseres Verständnis ihrer Werbekampagnen zu ermöglichen. Dazu nutzen wir verschiedene Tools, wie z. B. Google Analytics. Wenn Sie Websites besuchen oder Apps verwenden, bei denen Google Analytics eingesetzt wird, kann ein Google Analytics-Kunde sich dafür entscheiden, es Google zu ermöglichen,
Daten über Ihre Aktivitäten auf dieser Website oder in dieser App mit Aktivitäten auf anderen Websites oder in anderen Apps zu verknüpfen
, bei denen ebenfalls unsere Werbedienste genutzt werden.
Kommunikation mit Ihnen
Wir nutzen die von uns erhobenen Daten, wie Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, um uns direkt mit Ihnen in Verbindung zu setzen. So könnten wir Ihnen beispielsweise eine Benachrichtigung senden, wenn wir verdächtige Aktivitäten feststellen, wie einen Versuch, sich von einem ungewöhnlichen Standort aus in Ihrem Google-Konto anzumelden. Außerdem könnten wir Sie auch über bevorstehende Änderungen oder Verbesserungen in Bezug auf unsere Dienste informieren. Und wenn Sie Google kontaktieren, zeichnen wir Ihre Anfrage auf, um Ihnen bei der Lösung etwaiger Probleme behilflich zu sein.
Schutz von Google, unserer Nutzer und der Öffentlichkeit
Wir nutzen Daten, um die Verbesserung der
Sicherheit und Zuverlässigkeit
unserer Dienste zu unterstützen. Dazu zählen das Erkennen, Verhindern und Bekämpfen von Betrug, Missbrauch, Sicherheitsrisiken und technischen Problemen, die Google, unseren Nutzern oder
der Öffentlichkeit
schaden könnten.
Um Ihre Daten zu diesen Zwecken zu verarbeiten, verwenden wir verschiedene Technologien. Wir nutzen automatisierte Systeme, die Ihre Inhalte analysieren, sodass wir Ihnen personalisierte Suchergebnisse, personalisierte Werbung oder andere Funktionen bereitstellen können, die auf Ihre Nutzung unserer Dienste zugeschnitten sind. Zusätzlich analysieren wir Ihre Inhalte, damit wir
Missbrauch erkennen können
, wie Spam, Malware und illegale Inhalte. Wir verwenden auch
Algorithmen
, um Muster in Daten zu erkennen. Google Übersetzer hilft beispielsweise Personen, über Sprachbarrieren hinweg zu kommunizieren, indem der Dienst geläufige Sprachmuster in Sätzen erkennt, die übersetzt werden sollen.
Unter Umständen werden
die durch uns erhobenen Daten zu den oben beschriebenen Zwecken dienst- und geräteübergreifend verwendet
. Wenn Sie sich beispielsweise, je nach Ihren verfügbaren Einstellungen, Videos von Gitarrenspielern auf YouTube ansehen, kann eine Werbeanzeige für Gitarrenunterricht auf einer Website ausgeliefert werden, auf der unsere Anzeigenprodukte verwendet werden. Je nach Ihren Kontoeinstellungen könnten
Ihre Aktivitäten auf anderen Websites und in Apps
mit Ihren personenbezogenen Daten verknüpft werden, um die Dienste von Google und die von Google ausgelieferten Werbeanzeigen zu verbessern.
Wenn andere Nutzer bereits über Ihre E-Mail-Adresse oder andere Sie identifizierende Daten verfügen, zeigen wir diesen Nutzern möglicherweise die öffentlich sichtbaren Daten Ihres Google-Kontos an, wie Ihren Namen und Ihr Foto. Damit können andere Personen beispielsweise eine von Ihnen stammende E-Mail identifizieren.
Bevor wir Daten zu anderen als den in dieser Datenschutzerklärung aufgeführten Zwecken nutzen, bitten wir Sie um Ihre Einwilligung.
Datenschutzeinstellungen
Sie haben Entscheidungsmöglichkeiten in Bezug auf die durch uns erhobenen Daten und ihre Verwendung
In diesem Abschnitt werden die wichtigsten Einstellungen beschrieben, mit denen Sie Ihre Privatsphäre in unseren Diensten verwalten können. Sie können auch den
Privatsphärecheck
verwenden, um wichtige Datenschutzeinstellungen zu überprüfen und anzupassen. Zusätzlich zu diesen Tools bieten wir auch spezifische Datenschutzeinstellungen in unseren Produkten. Mehr dazu erfahren Sie in unserem
Leitfaden zum Datenschutz in Google-Produkten
.
Zum Privatsphärecheck
Daten verwalten, überprüfen und aktualisieren
Wenn Sie angemeldet sind, können Sie Ihre Daten jederzeit in den von Ihnen verwendeten Diensten überprüfen und aktualisieren. Beispielsweise ermöglichen Ihnen Fotos und Drive die Verwaltung bestimmter auf Google gespeicherter Inhaltstypen.
Wir stellen Ihnen auch einen Ort zur Verfügung, an dem Sie die in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeicherten Daten überprüfen und deren Speicherung steuern können. Ihr
Google-Konto
beinhaltet:
Datenschutzeinstellungen
Aktivitätseinstellungen
Hier können Sie festlegen, welche Arten von Aktivitäten in Ihrem Konto gespeichert werden sollen. Wenn Sie zum Beispiel den YouTube-Verlauf aktiviert haben, werden die Videos, die Sie sich ansehen, und die Dinge, nach denen Sie suchen, in Ihrem Konto gespeichert, damit Sie bessere Empfehlungen erhalten und Videos an der zuletzt angesehenen Stelle fortsetzen können. Und wenn die Einstellung „Web- & App-Aktivitäten“ aktiviert ist, werden Ihre Suchanfragen und Aktivitäten in anderen Google-Diensten in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeichert. So können Dienste persönlicher für Sie gestaltet werden, damit Sie unter anderem schneller Suchergebnisse und nützlichere Empfehlungen zu Apps und Inhalten erhalten. „Web- & App-Aktivitäten“ hat auch eine Untereinstellung, mit der Sie festlegen können, ob
Informationen zu Ihren Aktivitäten auf anderen Websites, in anderen Apps und auf Geräten, die Google-Dienste nutzen
, in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeichert und zur Verbesserung von Google-Diensten verwendet werden. Zu diesen Informationen gehört beispielsweise, welche Apps Sie auf Android installieren und verwenden.
Aktivitätseinstellungen aufrufen
Einstellungen für Werbung
Hier können Sie Ihre Einstellungen zu Werbeanzeigen verwalten, die auf Google sowie auf Websites und in Apps im Rahmen einer
Partnerschaft mit Google
von Google ausgeliefert werden. Sie können Ihre Interessen verändern, auswählen, ob Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verwendet werden sollen, um sich relevantere Werbung präsentieren zu lassen, und bestimmte Werbedienste aktivieren oder deaktivieren.
Zu „Mein Anzeigen-Center“
Über mich
Personenbezogene Daten in Ihrem Google-Konto verwalten und festlegen, wer sie in Google-Diensten sehen kann.
Zu "Über mich"
Soziale Empfehlungen
Hier können Sie auswählen, ob Ihr Name und Ihr Foto neben Ihren Aktivitäten wie Rezensionen und Empfehlungen in Werbeanzeigen erscheinen sollen.
Zu "Soziale Empfehlungen"
Websites und Apps, auf bzw. in denen Google-Dienste genutzt werden
Daten von Websites und Apps, auf bzw. in denen Google-Dienste wie Google Analytics genutzt werden, verwalten, die eventuell an Google weitergegeben werden, wenn Sie ihre Dienste aufrufen oder damit interagieren.
Zu Wie wir Daten von Websites oder Apps verwenden, auf bzw. in denen unsere Dienste genutzt werden
Möglichkeiten zur Überprüfung und Aktualisierung Ihrer Daten
Meine Aktivitäten
In „Meine Aktivitäten“ können Sie überprüfen und festlegen, welche Daten in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeichert werden, wenn Sie angemeldet sind und Google-Dienste verwenden, zum Beispiel Ihre Suchanfragen oder Nutzung von Google Play. Sie können sich die Inhalte nach Datum und Thema sortiert ansehen und Ihre Aktivitäten teilweise oder vollständig löschen.
Zu "Meine Aktivitäten"
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard ermöglicht Ihnen die Verwaltung von Daten, die mit bestimmten Produkten verknüpft sind.
Zu Google Dashboard
Ihre personenbezogenen Daten
Hier können Sie Ihre Kontaktdaten wie Ihren Namen, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse und Ihre Telefonnummer verwalten.
Zu den personenbezogenen Daten
Wenn Sie abgemeldet sind, können Sie Daten verwalten, die mit Ihrem Browser oder Gerät verknüpft sind, z. B.:
Personalisierte Suche:
Hier können Sie auswählen
, ob Ihnen anhand Ihrer Suchaktivitäten relevantere Ergebnisse und Empfehlungen bereitgestellt werden sollen.
YouTube-Einstellungen: Hier können Sie Ihren
YouTube-Suchverlauf
und Ihren
YouTube-Wiedergabeverlauf
pausieren und löschen.
Einstellungen für Werbung: Hier können Sie
Ihre Einstellungen für Werbeanzeigen verwalten
, die Ihnen auf Google und Websites sowie in Apps von Google-Anzeigenpartnern präsentiert werden.
Daten exportieren, entfernen und löschen
Sie können eine Kopie Ihrer Inhalte aus Ihrem Google-Konto exportieren, um diese zu sichern oder sie mit einem anderen Dienst als den von Google zu nutzen.
Daten exportieren
Zum Löschen Ihrer Daten haben Sie folgende Möglichkeiten:
Inhalte aus
bestimmten Google-Diensten
löschen
Bestimmte Elemente in Ihrem Konto unter Verwendung von
Meine Aktivitäten
suchen und dann löschen
Bestimmte Google-Produkte
einschließlich Ihrer mit diesen Produkten verknüpften Daten löschen
Gesamtes Google-Konto löschen
Daten löschen
Sie können über den
Kontoinaktivität-Manager
auch einer anderen Person Zugriff zu Teilen Ihres Google-Kontos gewähren, falls Sie unerwarteterweise nicht in der Lage sind, Ihr Konto zu verwenden.
Und schließlich können Sie auch basierend auf dem anwendbaren Recht und unseren Richtlinien eine
Anfrage zum Entfernen von Inhalten
aus bestimmten Google-Diensten stellen.
Es gibt auch andere Möglichkeiten festzulegen, welche Daten von Google erhoben werden dürfen, und zwar unabhängig davon, ob Sie in einem Google-Konto angemeldet sind oder nicht. Hierzu zählen:
Browsereinstellungen: Ihr Browser lässt sich beispielsweise so konfigurieren, dass angezeigt wird, wenn von Google ein
Cookie
in Ihrem Browser gesetzt wurde. Ihr Browser lässt sich auch so konfigurieren, dass alle Cookies von einer bestimmten Domain oder allen Domains blockiert werden. Beachten Sie aber, dass Cookies erforderlich sind,
damit unsere Dienste ordnungsgemäß funktionieren
und etwa Ihre Spracheinstellungen gespeichert werden können.
Geräteeinstellungen: Ihr Gerät verfügt möglicherweise über Steuerelemente, mit denen Sie festlegen können, welche Daten wir erheben. So können Sie beispielsweise auf Ihrem Android-Gerät
Standorteinstellungen anpassen
.
Datenweitergabe
Datenweitergabe durch Sie
In vielen unserer Dienste können Sie Daten mit anderen Personen teilen. Sie bestimmen in diesem Fall, wie dabei vorgegangen werden soll. Beispielsweise können Sie entscheiden, welche Ihrer Videos auf YouTube öffentlich geteilt werden und welche vertraulich bleiben sollen. Bedenken Sie, dass, wenn Sie Daten öffentlich teilen, Suchmaschinen, einschließlich der Google-Suche, möglicherweise auf diese Daten zugreifen können.
Wenn Sie angemeldet sind und mit Google-Diensten interagieren, z. B. wenn Sie Kommentare zu einem YouTube-Video verfassen oder eine App bei Play rezensieren, werden Ihr Name und Ihr Foto neben Ihrer Aktivität angezeigt. Diese Daten werden wir gegebenenfalls
entsprechend Ihren Einstellungen für "Soziale Empfehlungen"
auch in Werbeanzeigen veröffentlichen.
Datenweitergabe durch Google
Wir geben personenbezogene Daten an Unternehmen, Organisationen oder Personen außerhalb von Google nur in folgenden Fällen weiter:
Mit Ihrer Einwilligung
Wir geben personenbezogene Daten außerhalb von Google weiter, wenn wir Ihre Einwilligung dazu haben. Wenn Sie beispielsweise
Google Home verwenden, um eine Tischreservierung vorzunehmen
, holen wir Ihre Zustimmung ein, bevor wir dem Restaurant Ihren Namen oder Ihre Telefonnummer weitergeben. Wir bieten Ihnen außerdem Steuerungsmöglichkeiten, damit Sie
Drittanbieter-Apps und -Websites einsehen und verwalten
können, denen Sie Zugriff auf Daten in Ihrem Google-Konto gewährt haben. Vor der Weitergabe von
sensiblen personenbezogenen Daten
holen wir Ihre ausdrückliche Einwilligung ein.
Im Falle von Domain-Administratoren
Wenn Sie Mitglied einer Bildungseinrichtung oder Mitarbeiter einer Organisation sind, die Google-Dienste nutzt, haben der
Domainadministrator
und Reseller, die Ihr Konto verwalten, Zugriff auf Ihr Google-Konto. Diese haben folgende Möglichkeiten:
Auf die in Ihrem Konto gespeicherten Daten zugreifen und diese speichern, z. B. Ihre E-Mail
Statistiken zu Ihrem Konto ansehen, z. B. wie viele Apps Sie installieren
Das Passwort für Ihr Konto ändern
Den Zugriff auf Ihr Konto sperren oder beenden
Ihre Kontodaten abrufen, um anwendbare Gesetze, Vorschriften und gerichtliche Verfahren einzuhalten oder einer vollstreckbaren behördlichen Anordnung nachzukommen
Ihre Möglichkeiten einschränken, Daten oder Datenschutzeinstellungen zu löschen oder zu bearbeiten
Für die Verarbeitung durch andere Stellen
Wir stellen personenbezogene Daten unseren
verbundenen Unternehmen
, anderen vertrauenswürdigen Unternehmen oder Personen zur Verfügung, die diese in unserem Auftrag verarbeiten. Dies geschieht auf der Grundlage unserer Weisungen und im Einklang mit unserer Datenschutzerklärung sowie anderen geeigneten Vertraulichkeits- und Sicherheitsmaßnahmen. Beispielsweise nutzen wir Dienstanbieter zur Unterstützung beim Betrieb unserer Rechenzentren, Bereitstellen unserer Produkte und Dienste, Verbessern unserer internen Geschäftsprozesse und Anbieten zusätzlichen Supports für unsere Kunden und Nutzer. Außerdem arbeiten wir mit Dienstanbietern zusammen, die uns beim Prüfen von Videoinhalten auf YouTube aus Gründen der öffentlichen Sicherheit unterstützen und uns durch das Analysieren und Anhören von Beispielausschnitten gespeicherter Audioaufnahmen von Nutzern helfen, die Audioerkennungstechnologien von Google zu verbessern.
Aus rechtlichen Gründen
Wir geben personenbezogene Daten an Stellen außerhalb von Google weiter, wenn wir nach Treu und Glauben davon ausgehen dürfen, dass die Offenlegung dieser Daten vernünftigerweise notwendig ist, um folgende Zwecke zu erfüllen:
Geltende Gesetze, Vorschriften oder
gerichtliche Verfahren einzuhalten oder einer vollstreckbaren behördlichen Anordnung nachzukommen
. In unserem
Transparenzbericht
veröffentlichen wir Daten über die Anzahl und die Art der Anfragen, die wir von Behörden erhalten.
Geltende Nutzungsbedingungen durchzusetzen, einschließlich der Untersuchung möglicher Verstöße.
Betrug, Sicherheitsmängel oder technische Probleme aufzudecken, zu verhindern oder anderweitig zu bekämpfen.
Die Rechte, das Eigentum oder die Sicherheit von Google,
unserer Nutzer
oder der Öffentlichkeit vor Schaden zu schützen.
Wir geben möglicherweise
nicht personenbezogene Daten
an die Öffentlichkeit und unsere Partner, beispielsweise an Publisher, Werbetreibende, Entwickler oder Rechteinhaber, weiter. Beispielsweise veröffentlichen wir Daten,
um Trends bezüglich der allgemeinen Nutzung unserer Dienste aufzuzeigen
. Darüber hinaus erlauben wir
bestimmten Partnern
, Daten von Ihrem Browser oder Gerät unter Verwendung ihrer eigenen Cookies oder ähnlicher Technologien zu Werbe- und Messzwecken zu erheben.
Falls Google an einem Unternehmenszusammenschluss, einem Unternehmenserwerb oder einem Verkauf von Vermögensgegenständen beteiligt ist, werden wir weiterhin dafür sorgen, die Vertraulichkeit Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten sicherzustellen. Zusätzlich werden wir betroffene Nutzer benachrichtigen, bevor personenbezogene Daten übermittelt oder Gegenstand einer anderen Datenschutzerklärung werden.
Gewährleistung der Datensicherheit
Wir integrieren Sicherheitsfunktionen in unsere Dienste, um Ihre Daten zu schützen
Alle Google-Produkte sind mit starken Sicherheitsfunktionen ausgestattet, die Ihre Daten fortwährend schützen. Die Erkenntnisse, die wir durch die Bereitstellung unserer Dienste gewinnen, helfen uns, Bedrohungen der Sicherheit automatisch abzufangen und zu verhindern, dass Sie mit solchen konfrontiert werden. Wenn wir tatsächlich ein Risiko erkennen, von dem Sie unserer Meinung nach erfahren sollten, benachrichtigen wir Sie und schlagen Ihnen Maßnahmen vor, um sich besser zu schützen.
Wir bemühen uns intensiv darum, Sie und Google vor unbefugtem Zugriff auf Daten oder vor unbefugter Veränderung, Offenlegung oder Vernichtung von Daten zu schützen. Unsere Maßnahmen umfassen Folgendes:
Wir verschlüsseln Ihre Daten, um sie während der Übertragung zu schützen.
Wir bieten eine Vielzahl von Sicherheitsfunktionen, wie
Safe Browsing
, Sicherheitscheck und die
Bestätigung in zwei Schritten
, um Ihnen zu helfen, Ihr Konto zu schützen.
Wir überprüfen laufend unsere Praktiken zur Erhebung, Speicherung und Verarbeitung von Daten, einschließlich der physischen Sicherheitsmaßnahmen, um unsere Systeme vor unbefugtem Zugriff zu schützen.
Der Zugriff auf personenbezogene Daten wird durch uns beschränkt und nur Mitarbeitern, Auftragnehmern und Kundenservicemitarbeitern von Google gewährt, die diese Daten für die weitere Datenverarbeitung unbedingt benötigen. Alle Personen mit diesen Zugriffsrechten sind strengen Vertraulichkeitsverpflichtungen unterworfen und können disziplinarischen Maßnahmen unterzogen oder entlassen werden, falls sie diese Verpflichtungen nicht einhalten.
Löschen und Exportieren Ihrer Daten
Sie können Ihre Daten jederzeit exportieren oder aus Ihrem Google-Konto löschen.
Sie können eine Kopie Ihrer Inhalte aus Ihrem Google-Konto exportieren, um diese zu sichern oder sie mit einem anderen Dienst als den von Google zu nutzen.
Daten exportieren
Zum Löschen Ihrer Daten haben Sie folgende Möglichkeiten:
Inhalte aus
bestimmten Google-Diensten
löschen
Bestimmte Elemente in Ihrem Konto unter Verwendung von
Meine Aktivitäten
suchen und dann löschen
Bestimmte Google-Produkte
einschließlich Ihrer mit diesen Produkten verknüpften Daten löschen
Gesamtes Google-Konto löschen
Daten löschen
Aufbewahrung Ihrer Informationen
Wir speichern erhobene Daten über verschiedene Zeiträume, abhängig davon, um welche Daten es sich handelt, wie wir sie nutzen und wie Sie Ihre Einstellungen konfigurieren:
Einige Daten können Sie jederzeit löschen, beispielsweise Ihre
personenbezogenen Daten
oder selbst erstellte oder hochgeladene Inhalte, wie
Fotos
und
Dokumente
. Darüber hinaus können Sie in Ihrem Konto gespeicherte
Informationen zu Ihren Aktivitäten
löschen oder
festlegen, dass diese nach einer bestimmten Zeit automatisch gelöscht werden
. Wir speichern diese Daten in Ihrem Google-Konto, bis Sie sie entweder selbst entfernen oder entfernen lassen.
Andere Daten werden nach einer bestimmten Zeit automatisch gelöscht oder anonymisiert, etwa
Werbedaten
in Serverprotokollen.
Einige Daten, etwa dazu, wie oft Sie unsere Dienste nutzen, speichern wir, bis Sie Ihr Google-Konto löschen.
Einige Daten speichern wir für längere Zeit, wenn dies aus legitimen geschäftlichen oder rechtlichen Gründen erforderlich ist. Diese Gründe können Sicherheit, Betrugs- und Missbrauchsabwehr oder eine Dokumentationspflicht im Finanzbereich sein.
Wenn Sie Daten löschen, beginnen wir mit einem Datenlöschvorgang, um dafür zu sorgen, dass die Daten sicher und vollständig von unseren Servern entfernt werden oder nur in anonymisierter Form gespeichert bleiben. Wir bemühen uns, Daten mithilfe unserer Dienste davor zu schützen, irrtümlich oder mutwillig gelöscht zu werden. Aus diesem Grund kann es zwischen der von Ihnen durchgeführten Löschung von Inhalten und dem Zeitpunkt, zu dem Kopien aus unseren aktiven Systemen und Sicherungssystemen gelöscht werden, zu Verzögerungen kommen.
Weitere Informationen zur Dauer der Datenspeicherung bei Google und Angaben dazu, wie lange es dauert, bis wir Ihre Informationen löschen,
finden Sie hier
.
Compliance und Zusammenarbeit mit Regierungsbehörden
Wir überprüfen die vorliegende Datenschutzerklärung regelmäßig und verarbeiten Ihre Daten entsprechend dieser Datenschutzerklärung.
Datenübermittlung
Wir betreiben
Server auf der ganzen Welt
. Deshalb können Ihre Daten auf Servern verarbeitet werden, die außerhalb des Landes liegen, in dem Sie leben. Datenschutzgesetze sind von Land zu Land unterschiedlich und einige bieten mehr Schutz als andere. Unabhängig davon, wo Ihre Daten verarbeitet werden, wenden wir grundsätzlich dieselben, in der Datenschutzerklärung beschriebenen Schutzmaßnahmen an. Ferner halten wir bestimmte
rechtliche Rahmenbedingungen
zu Datenübermittlungen ein.
Sobald wir formale schriftliche Beschwerden erhalten, nehmen wir mit der Person, die die Beschwerde eingereicht hat, Kontakt auf. Wir arbeiten mit den jeweils zuständigen Regulierungsbehörden einschließlich der lokalen Datenschutzaufsichtsbehörden zusammen, um alle Beschwerden bezüglich der Übermittlung Ihrer Daten beizulegen, die wir nicht direkt mit Ihnen klären können.
Anforderungen in Europa
So können Sie Ihre Rechte ausüben und Google kontaktieren
Wenn das Datenschutzrecht der Europäischen Union (EU) oder des Vereinigten Königreichs (UK) auf die Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten Anwendung findet, stellen wir Ihnen die in dieser Datenschutzerklärung beschriebenen
Steuerungsmöglichkeiten
zur Verfügung, damit Sie Ihre Rechte ausüben können, Auskunft über Ihre Daten zu erhalten, sie zu aktualisieren, zu
löschen
und deren Verarbeitung einzuschränken. Darüber hinaus haben Sie das Recht, der Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten zu widersprechen oder Ihre Daten in einen anderen Dienst zu exportieren.
Bei weiteren Fragen oder Anliegen hinsichtlich Ihrer Rechte können Sie sich
an Google und an unsere Datenschutzabteilung wenden
. Falls Sie Bedenken bezüglich Ihrer Rechte gemäß lokalem geltenden Recht haben, können Sie sich außerdem an Ihre lokale Datenschutzaufsichtsbehörde wenden.
Datenverantwortlicher
Der für die Verarbeitung Ihrer Informationen zuständige Datenverantwortliche
hängt von Ihrem gewöhnlichen Aufenthaltsort ab, sofern dies in den Datenschutzhinweisen eines bestimmten Dienstes nicht anders angegeben ist:
Google Ireland Limited, mit Sitz in Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Irland, für Nutzer von Google-Diensten, die ihren gewöhnlichen Aufenthalt im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum oder der Schweiz haben.
Google LLC, mit Sitz in 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA, für Nutzer von Google-Diensten, die ihren gewöhnlichen Aufenthalt im Vereinigten Königreich haben.
Google LLC ist unabhängig von Ihrem Wohnort der zuständige Datenverantwortliche für die Verarbeitung von Informationen, die in Diensten wie der
Google Suche
und Google Maps indexiert und angezeigt werden. Google Ireland Limited ist der zuständige Datenverantwortliche für die Verarbeitung von Informationen, mit denen Google AI-Modelle trainiert werden, um sie in Diensten einzusetzen, die Google Ireland Limited im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum oder in der Schweiz bereitstellt.
Rechtsgrundlagen der Verarbeitung
Wir verarbeiten Ihre Daten zu den in dieser Datenschutzerklärung beschriebenen
Zwecken
auf der Basis der folgenden rechtlichen Grundlagen:
Wir verarbeiten Ihre Daten, um Ihnen einen Dienst bereitzustellen, den Sie im Rahmen eines Vertrags angefordert haben.
Wir verarbeiten Ihre Daten, soweit wir oder
Dritte
ein berechtigtes Interesse daran haben, dies zu tun. Dabei wenden wir
geeignete Maßnahmen
zum Schutz Ihrer Privatsphäre an.
Wir verarbeiten Ihre Daten, wenn dies zum Schutz Ihrer lebenswichtige Interessen oder denen einer anderen Person erforderlich ist.
Wir verarbeiten Ihre Daten, wenn wir dazu eine rechtliche Verpflichtung haben.
Wir bitten Sie um Ihre Einwilligung zur Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten für bestimmte Zwecke. Sie haben das Recht, Ihre Einwilligung jederzeit zu widerrufen.
Ihre Datenschutzeinstellungen sowie die Art, wie Sie Google-Dienste verwenden, bestimmen, welche Daten verarbeitet werden, zu welchem Zweck dies geschieht und was die Rechtsgrundlagen dafür sind. In der folgenden Tabelle werden diese Verarbeitungszwecke, die Arten der verarbeiteten Daten sowie die rechtlichen Grundlagen für die Verarbeitung ausführlicher erläutert.
Warum und wie wir Daten verarbeiten
Welche Daten wir verarbeiten
Rechtliche Gründe
Bereitstellung von Google-Diensten, ‑Produkten und ‑Funktionen
Beispiele für Verarbeitungsaktivitäten:
Wir verarbeiten die Begriffe, nach denen Sie suchen, um Ihnen entsprechende Suchergebnisse anzuzeigen.
Wir verwenden die IP-Adresse Ihres Geräts, um Ihnen die angeforderten Daten senden zu können, beispielsweise ein YouTube-Video.
Wir verwenden eindeutige IDs, die in Cookies auf Ihrem Gerät gespeichert sind, um Sie als die Person zu authentifizieren, die auf Ihr Google-Konto zugreifen darf.
Fotos und Videos, die Sie in Google Fotos hochladen, werden verwendet, um Ihnen zu helfen, Alben, Collagen und andere Kreationen zu erstellen, die Sie mit anderen teilen können.
Wenn Sie Dienstleistungen oder Artikel von uns kaufen, verwenden wir Informationen wie Ihre Lieferadresse oder Lieferanweisungen – beispielsweise für die Bearbeitung und Lieferung Ihrer Bestellung sowie zur Bereitstellung des Supports für das Produkt oder die Dienstleistung, die Sie kaufen.
Wir verarbeiten Ihre Zahlungsinformationen, wenn Sie zusätzlichen Speicherplatz für Google Drive kaufen.
Wir können Kontaktdaten (wie Namen und E‑Mail-Adressen) von Personen verwenden, mit denen Sie in Google-Produkten interagieren. So können wir Ihnen helfen, diese Personen zu finden, wenn Sie in Google-Diensten wie Gmail, Fotos und Assistant etwas mit ihnen teilen oder mit ihnen kommunizieren möchten.
Eine E‑Mail mit einer Flugbestätigung kann verwendet werden, um eine Check‑in-Schaltfläche in Gmail zu erstellen.
Google erhebt auch Daten über Sie aus öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen. Wenn beispielsweise Ihr Name in Ihrer lokalen Zeitung erwähnt wird, kann die Google-Suchmaschine diesen Artikel indexieren und anderen Personen zeigen, wenn sie nach Ihrem Namen suchen. Oder wenn Ihre Unternehmensinformationen auf einer Website erscheinen, können wir sie indexieren und in Google-Diensten anzeigen.
Wir können Ihnen helfen, Ihren Standort mithilfe der
Google-Standortfreigabe
zu teilen. So können andere Sie auf einer Karte finden oder Ihre voraussichtliche Ankunftszeit abschätzen.
Wie im Abschnitt
Datenweitergabe
beschrieben, geben wir personenbezogene Daten außerhalb von Google weiter, wenn wir Ihre Einwilligung dazu haben. Wir bieten Ihnen außerdem Einstellungen, mit denen Sie
Apps und Websites von Drittanbietern überprüfen und verwalten
können, denen Sie Zugriff auf Daten in Ihrem Google-Konto gewährt haben.
Welche Daten verarbeitet werden, hängt von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Die Daten können Folgendes umfassen:
Daten, die Sie uns bei der Nutzung unserer Dienste zur Verfügung stellen:
Inhalte, die Sie erstellen, hochladen oder empfangen (z. B. Fotos, Videos, E‑Mails, Dokumente und Tabellen).
Google Dashboard
: Damit können Sie Daten verwalten, die mit bestimmten Produkten verknüpft sind.
Personenbezogene Daten, die Sie angeben, wenn Sie ein Google-Konto erstellen (z. B.
Ihr Name
und Ihr Passwort,
Ihre Telefonnummer
, Ihr Geburtsdatum oder
Zahlungsinformationen
).
Daten, die wir erheben, wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen:
Informationen zu Ihren Apps, Browsern und Geräten
wie
eindeutige IDs
, die mit dem Browser, der App oder dem Gerät verknüpft sind, den, die bzw. das Sie verwenden, sowie Informationen über die Interaktion Ihrer Apps, Browser und Geräte mit unseren Diensten (z. B. IP-Adresse, Absturzberichte und Systemaktivitäten).
Informationen zu Ihren Aktivitäten in unseren Diensten
wie Ihre Suchbegriffe, der mit Ihrem Google-Konto synchronisierte Chrome-Browserverlauf, Ihre Aufrufe und Interaktionen von bzw. mit Inhalten und Werbung sowie Ihre Aktivitäten auf Websites und in Apps von Drittanbietern, in denen unsere Dienste genutzt werden. Die in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeicherten Aktivitäten können Sie auf der Seite
Meine Aktivitäten
einsehen und verwalten.
Standortinformationen
, die etwa anhand von GPS, IP-Adresse und anderen Daten von Sensoren an Ihrem Gerät oder in dessen Nähe ermittelt werden können. Dies hängt zum Teil von Ihren Geräte- und Kontoeinstellungen ab.
Informationen aus öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen
wie Informationen, die online (z. B. wenn Ihr Name in Ihrer lokalen Zeitung erwähnt wird) oder aus anderen Quellen öffentlich verfügbar sind.
Informationen von unseren vertrauenswürdigen Partnern
, z. B. von Verzeichnisdiensten, die uns Informationen zu Unternehmen liefern, die in Google-Diensten angezeigt werden sollen, oder von Sicherheitspartnern, die uns Daten liefern, um vor Missbrauch zu schützen.
Die rechtlichen Grundlagen für die Verarbeitung dieser Informationen hängen von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Diese Grundlagen können Folgendes umfassen:
Erfüllung eines Vertrags
mit Ihnen, beispielsweise durch das Bereitstellen eines YouTube-Videos oder durch die Bearbeitung und Lieferung Ihrer Bestellung, wenn Sie Dienstleistungen oder physische Waren von uns kaufen.
Wahrung unserer
berechtigten Interessen
und derer von Dritten, einschließlich:
Bereitstellung, Verwaltung und Optimierung von Diensten, um die Anforderungen unserer Nutzer zu erfüllen.
Beispiel: Verwendung von Kontaktdaten (wie Namen und E‑Mail-Adressen) von Personen, mit denen Sie in Google-Produkten interagieren, damit Sie diese Personen leichter finden, wenn Sie in Google-Diensten wie Gmail, Fotos und Assistant etwas mit ihnen teilen oder mit ihnen kommunizieren möchten.
Ihre
Einwilligung
, z. B. wenn Sie Ihren Standort über die Google-Standortfreigabe teilen.
Aufrechterhaltung und Verbesserung von Google-Diensten, ‑Produkten und ‑Funktionen
Aufrechterhaltung des Dienstes, damit er wie vorgesehen funktioniert, z. B. durch Fehlerbehebung sowie Nachverfolgung und Behebung von Problemen.
Beispiele für Verarbeitungsaktivitäten:
Wir überprüfen fortlaufend die ordnungsgemäße Funktion unserer Dienste, um Probleme zu erkennen. Wenn wir feststellen, dass eine Funktion fehlerhaft ist, ermöglichen uns die vor dem Eintreten des Problems erhobenen Aktivitätsdaten, das Problem schneller zu beheben.
Wir erfassen die Interaktionen von Nutzern mit Schaltflächen in Anwendungen wie Google Maps und der Google Suche, um festzustellen, ob sie wie vorgesehen funktionieren.
Verbesserung der Google-Dienste sowie der Sicherheit und Zuverlässigkeit dieser Dienste, z. B. durch Erkennung, Verhinderung und Reaktion von bzw. auf Betrug, Missbrauch, Sicherheitsrisiken und technische Probleme, die den Dienst oder Nutzer beeinträchtigen könnten.
Beispiele für Verarbeitungsaktivitäten:
Wir analysieren Daten zu Ihren Interaktionen mit unseren Diensten, damit wir die Produkte weiter optimieren können. So können wir beispielsweise besser feststellen, wenn Nutzer zu lange brauchen, um eine bestimmte Aufgabe auszuführen, oder manche Schritte überhaupt nicht beenden können. In diesem Fall können wir diese Funktion überarbeiten und das Produkt für alle verbessern.
Wir analysieren, welche Suchbegriffe am häufigsten falsch geschrieben werden, damit wir die Rechtschreibprüfung für alle unsere Dienste verbessern können.
Wir analysieren die Nutzung von Google Übersetzer, um die Übersetzungsqualität zu verbessern und Google Übersetzer in weiteren Sprachen verfügbar zu machen.
Wir analysieren Suchanfragen bei Google Shopping, um festzustellen, welche Produkte, Händler und Marken für verschiedene Arten von Suchanfragen relevant sind.
Die Safe Browsing-Funktion von Google Chrome kann Informationen zu verdächtigen Websites zwischen dem Browser eines Nutzers und Google-Servern teilen und dadurch z. B. zum Schutz vor Phishing, Malware und schädlicher Werbung beitragen.
Welche Daten verarbeitet werden, hängt von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Die Daten können Folgendes umfassen:
Daten, die Sie uns bei der Nutzung unserer Dienste zur Verfügung stellen:
Inhalte, die Sie erstellen, hochladen oder empfangen (z. B. Fotos, Videos, E‑Mails, Dokumente und Tabellen).
Google Dashboard
: Damit können Sie Daten verwalten, die mit bestimmten Produkten verknüpft sind.
Personenbezogene Daten, die Sie angeben, wenn Sie ein Google-Konto erstellen (z. B.
Ihr Name
und Ihr Passwort,
Ihre Telefonnummer
, Ihr Geburtsdatum oder
Zahlungsinformationen
).
Daten, die wir erheben, wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen:
Informationen zu Ihren Apps, Browsern und Geräten
wie
eindeutige IDs
, die mit dem Browser, der App oder dem Gerät verknüpft sind, den, die bzw. das Sie verwenden, sowie Informationen über die Interaktion Ihrer Apps, Browser und Geräte mit unseren Diensten (z. B. IP-Adresse, Absturzberichte und Systemaktivitäten).
Informationen zu Ihren Aktivitäten in unseren Diensten
wie Ihre Suchbegriffe, der mit Ihrem Google-Konto synchronisierte Chrome-Browserverlauf, Ihre Aufrufe und Interaktionen von bzw. mit Inhalten und Werbung sowie Ihre Aktivitäten auf Websites und in Apps von Drittanbietern, in denen unsere Dienste genutzt werden. Die in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeicherten Aktivitäten können Sie auf der Seite
Meine Aktivitäten
einsehen und verwalten.
Standortinformationen
, die etwa anhand von GPS, IP-Adresse und anderen Daten von Sensoren an Ihrem Gerät oder in dessen Nähe ermittelt werden können. Dies hängt zum Teil von Ihren Geräte- und Kontoeinstellungen ab.
Informationen aus öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen
wie Informationen, die online (z. B. wenn Ihr Name in Ihrer lokalen Zeitung erwähnt wird) oder aus anderen Quellen öffentlich verfügbar sind.
Informationen von unseren vertrauenswürdigen Partnern
, z. B. von Verzeichnisdiensten, die uns Informationen zu Unternehmen liefern, die in Google-Diensten angezeigt werden sollen, oder von Sicherheitspartnern, die uns Daten liefern, um vor Missbrauch zu schützen.
Die rechtlichen Grundlagen für die Verarbeitung dieser Informationen hängen von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Diese Grundlagen können Folgendes umfassen:
Erfüllung eines Vertrags
mit Ihnen, beispielsweise bei der Verwendung der Interaktionsprotokolle von Google-Apps, um sicherzustellen, dass diese wie vorgesehen funktionieren.
Wahrung unserer
berechtigten Interessen
und derer von Dritten, einschließlich:
Bereitstellung, Verwaltung und Optimierung von Diensten, um die Anforderungen unserer Nutzer zu erfüllen.
Beispielsweise analysieren wir, welche Suchbegriffe am häufigsten falsch geschrieben werden, damit wir die Rechtschreibprüfung für alle unsere Dienste verbessern können.
Erkenntnisse darüber, wie Personen unsere Dienste nutzen, um die Leistung unserer Dienste zu gewährleisten und zu verbessern.
Beispielsweise analysieren wir die Nutzung von Google Übersetzer, um die Übersetzungsqualität zu verbessern und Google Übersetzer in weiteren Sprachen verfügbar zu machen.
Durchführung von Recherchen, mit denen unsere Dienste für unsere Nutzer verbessert werden und die für die Öffentlichkeit von Vorteil sind.
Beispielsweise arbeiten wir daran, die Übersetzungsqualität von Google Übersetzer zu verbessern und Google Übersetzer in weiteren Sprachen verfügbar zu machen.
Entwicklung neuer Google-Dienste, ‑Produkte und ‑Funktionen
Beispiele für Verarbeitungsaktivitäten:
Erkenntnisse darüber, wie Nutzer Fotos in Picasa, der ersten Foto-App von Google, organisiert haben, halfen uns bei der Entwicklung von Google Fotos.
Erkenntnisse darüber, wie kurze Inhalte von Creatorn erstellt und von Nutzern angesehen werden, halfen Google dabei, neue YouTube-Dienste zu entwickeln.
Je nach Ihren Einstellungen können wir Audioaufnahmen von Sprachinteraktionen mit Diensten wie der Google Suche, Assistant, Maps und Gboard speichern, um die Audiotechnologien von Google weiterzuentwickeln und zu verbessern.
Wir verwenden Informationen, die online oder aus anderen Quellen öffentlich verfügbar sind, um neue Modelle für maschinelles Lernen zu trainieren und grundlegende Technologien zu entwickeln, die für verschiedene Google-Produkte wie Google Übersetzer, Gemini-Apps und Cloud AI-Funktionen eingesetzt werden.
Wir nutzen Ihre Interaktionen mit KI-Modellen und ‑Technologien wie Gemini-Apps, um diese Modelle zu entwickeln, zu trainieren, zu optimieren und zu verbessern, damit sie besser auf Ihre Anfragen reagieren. Wir verwenden sie auch, um Klassifikatoren und Filter zu aktualisieren und dadurch z. B. die Sicherheit, das Sprachverständnis und die Genauigkeit zu verbessern.
Welche Daten verarbeitet werden, hängt von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Die Daten können Folgendes umfassen:
Daten, die Sie uns bei der Nutzung unserer Dienste zur Verfügung stellen:
Inhalte, die Sie erstellen, hochladen oder empfangen (z. B. Fotos, Videos, E‑Mails, Dokumente und Tabellen).
Google Dashboard
: Damit können Sie Daten verwalten, die mit bestimmten Produkten verknüpft sind.
Personenbezogene Daten, die Sie angeben, wenn Sie ein Google-Konto erstellen (z. B.
Ihr Name
und Ihr Passwort,
Ihre Telefonnummer
, Ihr Geburtsdatum oder
Zahlungsinformationen
).
Daten, die wir erheben, wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen:
Informationen zu Ihren Apps, Browsern und Geräten
wie
eindeutige IDs
, die mit dem Browser, der App oder dem Gerät verknüpft sind, den, die bzw. das Sie verwenden, sowie Informationen über die Interaktion Ihrer Apps, Browser und Geräte mit unseren Diensten (z. B. IP-Adresse, Absturzberichte und Systemaktivitäten).
Informationen zu Ihren Aktivitäten in unseren Diensten
wie Ihre Suchbegriffe, der mit Ihrem Google-Konto synchronisierte Chrome-Browserverlauf, Ihre Aufrufe und Interaktionen von bzw. mit Inhalten und Werbung sowie Ihre Aktivitäten auf Websites und in Apps von Drittanbietern, in denen unsere Dienste genutzt werden. Die in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeicherten Aktivitäten können Sie auf der Seite
Meine Aktivitäten
einsehen und verwalten.
Standortinformationen
, die etwa anhand von GPS, IP-Adresse und anderen Daten von Sensoren an Ihrem Gerät oder in dessen Nähe ermittelt werden können. Dies hängt zum Teil von Ihren Geräte- und Kontoeinstellungen ab.
Informationen aus öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen
wie Informationen, die online (z. B. wenn Ihr Name in Ihrer lokalen Zeitung erwähnt wird) oder aus anderen Quellen öffentlich verfügbar sind.
Informationen von unseren vertrauenswürdigen Partnern
, z. B. von Verzeichnisdiensten, die uns Informationen zu Unternehmen liefern, die in Google-Diensten angezeigt werden sollen, oder von Sicherheitspartnern, die uns Daten liefern, um vor Missbrauch zu schützen.
Die rechtlichen Grundlagen für die Verarbeitung dieser Informationen hängen von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Diese Grundlagen können Folgendes umfassen:
Wahrung unserer
berechtigten Interessen
und derer von Dritten, einschließlich:
Entwicklung neuer Produkte und Funktionen, die für unsere Nutzer hilfreich sind.
Beispielsweise haben uns Erkenntnisse darüber, wie Personen Fotos in Picasa, der ersten Foto-App von Google, verwendet haben, bei der Entwicklung von Google Fotos geholfen. Oder wir nutzen Daten, die online oder in anderen öffentlichen Quellen verfügbar sind, um die KI-Modelle von Google zu trainieren sowie Produkte und Funktionen weiterzuentwickeln, die diese grundlegenden Technologien nutzen – wie Google Übersetzer, Gemini-Apps und Cloud AI.
Bereitstellung, Aufrechterhaltung und Optimierung von Diensten, um die Anforderungen unserer Nutzer zu erfüllen.
Zum Beispiel verwenden wir Informationen über Ihre Aktivitäten in unseren Diensten – wie Ihre Interaktionen mit Gemini-Apps – um Modelle für maschinelles Lernen zu trainieren und zu verbessern und um ihr Sprachverständnis sowie ihre Sicherheitsklassifikatoren und -filter zu aktualisieren.
Mit Ihrer
Einwilligung
, beispielsweise das Speichern von Audioaufnahmen von Sprachinteraktionen mit der Google Suche, Assistant, Maps und Gboard, um Technologien zur Audioerkennung von Google zu entwickeln und verbessern.
Zur Bereitstellung personalisierter Dienste, einschließlich Inhalte und Werbeanzeigen
Um unsere Dienste für Sie anzupassen, etwa über Empfehlungen, personalisierte Inhalte und personalisierte Suchergebnisse.
Beispiele für Verarbeitungsaktivitäten:
Der Sicherheitscheck von Google bietet Ihnen Sicherheitstipps, die an Ihre Nutzung von Google-Produkten angepasst sind.
Google News bietet Ihnen möglicherweise lokale Nachrichten, die auf Ihrem ungefähren Standort basieren.
Die Google Suche bietet Ihnen möglicherweise Ergebnisse, die auf ihrem ungefähren Standort basieren.
Google Assistant kann Ihre Kontakte verwenden, um auf Anfrage Nachrichten zu senden, z. B. „SMS an Max Mustermann“.
Google Play nutzt Daten, etwa über Apps, die Sie installiert haben, und Videos, die Sie sich auf YouTube angesehen haben, um neue Apps zu empfehlen, die Ihnen gefallen könnten.
Möglicherweise zeigen wir ein Google-Doodle auf der Startseite der Google Suche, das sich speziell auf einen feierlichen Anlass in Ihrem Land bezieht.
Google kann Werbung basierend auf dem Kontext der von Ihnen besuchten Website anzeigen, beispielsweise Anzeigen für Gartengeräte auf einer Seite mit Tipps zum Gärtnern.
Wenn Sie in Ihrem Google-Konto angemeldet sind und „Web- & App-Aktivitäten“ aktiviert haben, können Sie relevantere Suchergebnisse erhalten, die auf Ihren bisherigen Suchanfragen und Aktivitäten in anderen Google-Diensten basieren.
Je nach Ihren Einstellungen, um auf Ihre Interessen bezogene personalisierte Werbung anzuzeigen.
Beispiele für Verarbeitungsaktivitäten:
Wenn Sie nach „Mountainbikes“ suchen oder Videos über Mountainbiken ansehen, kann in Ihren Suchergebnissen oder auf YouTube Werbung für Sportausrüstung eingeblendet werden.
Wenn Sie sich auf YouTube Videos zum Thema Backen ansehen, wird Ihnen beim Surfen im Web möglicherweise mehr Werbung zu diesem Thema präsentiert.
Möglicherweise wird Ihnen auch personalisierte Werbung präsentiert, die auf den Daten des Werbetreibenden basiert. Wenn Sie beispielsweise auf der Website eines Werbetreibenden eingekauft haben, kann dieser die Daten über Ihren Besuch zum Einblenden von Werbeanzeigen nutzen.
Welche Daten verarbeitet werden, hängt von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Die Daten können Folgendes umfassen:
Daten, die Sie uns bei der Nutzung unserer Dienste zur Verfügung stellen:
Inhalte, die Sie erstellen, hochladen oder empfangen (z. B. Fotos, Videos, E‑Mails, Dokumente und Tabellen).
Google Dashboard
: Damit können Sie Daten verwalten, die mit bestimmten Produkten verknüpft sind.
Personenbezogene Daten, die Sie angeben, wenn Sie ein Google-Konto erstellen (z. B.
Ihr Name
und Ihr Passwort,
Ihre Telefonnummer
, Ihr Geburtsdatum oder
Zahlungsinformationen
).
Daten, die wir erheben, wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen:
Informationen zu Ihren Apps, Browsern und Geräten
wie
eindeutige IDs
, die mit dem Browser, der App oder dem Gerät verknüpft sind, den, die bzw. das Sie verwenden, sowie Informationen über die Interaktion Ihrer Apps, Browser und Geräte mit unseren Diensten (z. B. IP-Adresse, Absturzberichte und Systemaktivitäten).
Informationen zu Ihren Aktivitäten in unseren Diensten
wie Ihre Suchbegriffe, der mit Ihrem Google-Konto synchronisierte Chrome-Browserverlauf, Ihre Aufrufe und Interaktionen von bzw. mit Inhalten und Werbung sowie Ihre Aktivitäten auf Websites und in Apps von Drittanbietern, in denen unsere Dienste genutzt werden. Die in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeicherten Aktivitäten können Sie auf der Seite
Meine Aktivitäten
einsehen und verwalten.
Standortinformationen
, die etwa anhand von GPS, IP-Adresse und anderen Daten von Sensoren an Ihrem Gerät oder in dessen Nähe ermittelt werden können. Dies hängt zum Teil von Ihren Geräte- und Kontoeinstellungen ab.
Informationen aus öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen
wie Informationen, die online (z. B. wenn Ihr Name in Ihrer lokalen Zeitung erwähnt wird) oder aus anderen Quellen öffentlich verfügbar sind.
Informationen von unseren vertrauenswürdigen Partnern
, z. B. von Verzeichnisdiensten, die uns Informationen zu Unternehmen liefern, die in Google-Diensten angezeigt werden sollen, oder von Sicherheitspartnern, die uns Daten liefern, um vor Missbrauch zu schützen.
Die rechtlichen Grundlagen für die Verarbeitung dieser Informationen hängen von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Diese Grundlagen können Folgendes umfassen:
Um einen
Vertrag mit Ihnen auszuführen
, zum Beispiel wenn Google Assistant Ihre Kontakte verwendet, um auf Ihre Anfrage hin eine Nachricht zu senden, wie „Sende eine SMS an Max Mustermann“.
Wahrung unserer
berechtigten Interessen
und derer von Dritten, einschließlich:
Personalisierung unserer Dienste, um sie nutzerfreundlicher zu gestalten.
Beispielsweise können wir ein Google-Doodle auf der Startseite der Google Suche zeigen, das sich speziell auf einen feierlichen Anlass in Ihrem Land bezieht, Sicherheitstipps passend zu Ihrer Nutzung von Google-Produkten geben oder gegebenenfalls die Nutzung altersgerecht anpassen.
Einblenden von Werbung, um viele unserer Dienste kostenlos anbieten zu können.
Zum Beispiel zeigen wir möglicherweise Werbung, die auf dem Kontext einer besuchten Website basiert, wie Werbeanzeigen für Gartengeräte auf einer Seite mit Gartentipps. Bei personalisierter Werbung bitten wir Sie um Ihre Einwilligung.
Mit Ihrer
Einwilligung
– beispielsweise Empfehlungen bei Google Play basierend auf Videos, die Sie sich auf YouTube angesehen haben, oder personalisierte Werbung auf Grundlage Ihrer Interessen. Zum Beispiel könnte Ihnen Werbung rund um das Thema Backen angezeigt werden, wenn Sie im Web surfen, nachdem Sie auf YouTube Videos über Backen angesehen haben.
Zur Leistungsmessung – Wir nutzen die Daten zur Analyse und Messung, um zu verstehen, wie unsere Dienste verwendet werden.
Beispiele für Verarbeitungsaktivitäten:
Wir analysieren Daten über Ihre Besuche auf unseren Websites, um das Design unserer Produkte zu optimieren.
Wir nutzen Daten zu der Werbung, mit der Sie interagieren, um Werbetreibenden ein besseres Verständnis ihrer Werbekampagnen zu ermöglichen.
Wir verwenden Daten darüber, welche Orte Nutzer in Google Earth am häufigsten anklicken, um zu erfahren, welche Funktionen beliebt sind, und um Fehler zu identifizieren.
Die Google Suche erhebt, wie oft eine bestimmte Anfrage gestellt wurde und wie Nutzer die Qualität ihrer Suchergebnisse wahrnehmen, um die Google Suche noch hilfreicher zu gestalten.
Google Übersetzer analysiert Daten über die Anzahl der angefertigten Übersetzungen und die Häufigkeit, mit der eine Übersetzung als minderwertig eingestuft wird, um mögliche neue Funktionen zu ermitteln und Probleme bei der Nutzung des Dienstes zu beheben.
Wir geben möglicherweise nicht personenidentifizierbare Informationen an unsere Partner – beispielsweise Lizenzgeber von Inhalten – weiter, wenn wir Lizenzgebühren zahlen.
Welche Daten verarbeitet werden, hängt von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Die Daten können Folgendes umfassen:
Daten, die Sie uns bei der Nutzung unserer Dienste zur Verfügung stellen:
Inhalte, die Sie erstellen, hochladen oder empfangen (z. B. Fotos, Videos, E‑Mails, Dokumente und Tabellen).
Google Dashboard
: Damit können Sie Daten verwalten, die mit bestimmten Produkten verknüpft sind.
Personenbezogene Daten, die Sie angeben, wenn Sie ein Google-Konto erstellen (z. B.
Ihr Name
und Ihr Passwort,
Ihre Telefonnummer
, Ihr Geburtsdatum oder
Zahlungsinformationen
).
Daten, die wir erheben, wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen:
Informationen zu Ihren Apps, Browsern und Geräten
wie
eindeutige IDs
, die mit dem Browser, der App oder dem Gerät verknüpft sind, den, die bzw. das Sie verwenden, sowie Informationen über die Interaktion Ihrer Apps, Browser und Geräte mit unseren Diensten (z. B. IP-Adresse, Absturzberichte und Systemaktivitäten).
Informationen zu Ihren Aktivitäten in unseren Diensten
wie Ihre Suchbegriffe, der mit Ihrem Google-Konto synchronisierte Chrome-Browserverlauf, Ihre Aufrufe und Interaktionen von bzw. mit Inhalten und Werbung sowie Ihre Aktivitäten auf Websites und in Apps von Drittanbietern, in denen unsere Dienste genutzt werden. Die in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeicherten Aktivitäten können Sie auf der Seite
Meine Aktivitäten
einsehen und verwalten.
Standortinformationen
, die etwa anhand von GPS, IP-Adresse und anderen Daten von Sensoren an Ihrem Gerät oder in dessen Nähe ermittelt werden können. Dies hängt zum Teil von Ihren Geräte- und Kontoeinstellungen ab.
Informationen aus öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen
wie Informationen, die online (z. B. wenn Ihr Name in Ihrer lokalen Zeitung erwähnt wird) oder aus anderen Quellen öffentlich verfügbar sind.
Informationen von unseren vertrauenswürdigen Partnern
, z. B. von Verzeichnisdiensten, die uns Informationen zu Unternehmen liefern, die in Google-Diensten angezeigt werden sollen, oder von Sicherheitspartnern, die uns Daten liefern, um vor Missbrauch zu schützen.
Die rechtlichen Grundlagen für die Verarbeitung dieser Informationen hängen von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Diese Grundlagen können Folgendes umfassen:
Wahrung unserer
berechtigten Interessen
und derer von Dritten, einschließlich:
Erkenntnisse darüber, wie Personen unsere Dienste nutzen, um die Leistung unserer Dienste zu gewährleisten und zu verbessern.
Beispielsweise analysieren wir die Nutzung von Google Übersetzer, um die Übersetzungsqualität zu verbessern und Google Übersetzer in weiteren Sprachen verfügbar zu machen.
Aufdecken, Verhindern oder anderweitiges Bekämpfen von Betrug, Missbrauch, Sicherheitsmängeln oder technischen Problemen bei unseren Diensten.
Beispielsweise beobachten wir Nutzungsmuster in Google Earth, um Programmfehler zu identifizieren.
Bereitstellung, Aufrechterhaltung und Optimierung von Diensten, um die Anforderungen unserer Nutzer zu erfüllen.
Beispielsweise analysieren wir, wie oft eine Übersetzung bei Google Übersetzer als minderwertig eingestuft wird, um Probleme bei der Nutzung des Dienstes zu beheben.
Entwicklung neuer Produkte und Funktionen, die für unsere Nutzer hilfreich sind.
Zum Beispiel analysieren wir Daten zur Anzahl der in Google Übersetzer angefertigten Übersetzungen, um mögliche neue Funktionen zu ermitteln.
Einhalten von Verpflichtungen gegenüber unseren Partnern wie Entwicklern und Rechteinhabern.
Zum Beispiel erstellen wir Berichte für die Lizenzgeber von Inhalten, die mit der Zahlung von Lizenzgebühren einhergehen.
Für die Kommunikation mit Ihnen – Wir verwenden die von uns erhobenen Daten, wie etwa Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, um direkt mit Ihnen zu interagieren.
Beispiele für Verarbeitungsaktivitäten:
So könnten wir Ihnen beispielsweise eine Benachrichtigung senden, wenn wir verdächtige Aktivitäten feststellen, z. B. einen Versuch, sich von einem ungewöhnlichen Standort aus in Ihrem Google-Konto anzumelden.
Möglicherweise informieren wir Sie über anstehende Änderungen oder Verbesserungen unserer Dienste.
Wenn Sie Google kontaktieren, zeichnen wir Ihre Anfrage auf, um Ihnen bei der Lösung eventuell auftretender Probleme behilflich sein zu können.
Google-Dienste wie Google Fotos können Ihnen, abhängig von Ihren Einstellungen, Marketingmitteilungen über Angebote wie beispielsweise Rabattaktionen für Fotodrucke senden.
Google-Dienste wie YouTube Premium und YouTube Music Premium können Sie über anstehende Änderungen Ihres Abonnements informieren.
Welche Daten verarbeitet werden, hängt von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Die Daten können Folgendes umfassen:
Daten, die Sie uns bei der Nutzung unserer Dienste zur Verfügung stellen:
Inhalte, die Sie erstellen, hochladen oder empfangen (z. B. Fotos, Videos, E‑Mails, Dokumente und Tabellen).
Google Dashboard
: Damit können Sie Daten verwalten, die mit bestimmten Produkten verknüpft sind.
Personenbezogene Daten, die Sie angeben, wenn Sie ein Google-Konto erstellen (z. B.
Ihr Name
und Ihr Passwort,
Ihre Telefonnummer
, Ihr Geburtsdatum oder
Zahlungsinformationen
).
Daten, die wir erheben, wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen:
Informationen zu Ihren Apps, Browsern und Geräten
wie
eindeutige IDs
, die mit dem Browser, der App oder dem Gerät verknüpft sind, den, die bzw. das Sie verwenden, sowie Informationen über die Interaktion Ihrer Apps, Browser und Geräte mit unseren Diensten (z. B. IP-Adresse, Absturzberichte und Systemaktivitäten).
Informationen zu Ihren Aktivitäten in unseren Diensten
wie Ihre Suchbegriffe, der mit Ihrem Google-Konto synchronisierte Chrome-Browserverlauf, Ihre Aufrufe und Interaktionen von bzw. mit Inhalten und Werbung sowie Ihre Aktivitäten auf Websites und in Apps von Drittanbietern, in denen unsere Dienste genutzt werden. Die in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeicherten Aktivitäten können Sie auf der Seite
Meine Aktivitäten
einsehen und verwalten.
Standortinformationen
, die etwa anhand von GPS, IP-Adresse und anderen Daten von Sensoren an Ihrem Gerät oder in dessen Nähe ermittelt werden können. Dies hängt zum Teil von Ihren Geräte- und Kontoeinstellungen ab.
Informationen aus öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen
wie Informationen, die online (z. B. wenn Ihr Name in Ihrer lokalen Zeitung erwähnt wird) oder aus anderen Quellen öffentlich verfügbar sind.
Informationen von unseren vertrauenswürdigen Partnern
, z. B. von Verzeichnisdiensten, die uns Informationen zu Unternehmen liefern, die in Google-Diensten angezeigt werden sollen, oder von Sicherheitspartnern, die uns Daten liefern, um vor Missbrauch zu schützen.
Die rechtlichen Grundlagen für die Verarbeitung dieser Informationen hängen von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Diese Grundlagen können Folgendes umfassen:
Zur
Ausführung eines Vertrags
mit Ihnen, beispielsweise wenn Sie den Google-Support kontaktieren oder sich für Mitteilungen über Produktupdates anmelden.
Wahrung unserer
berechtigten Interessen
und derer von Dritten, einschließlich:
Bereitstellung, Aufrechterhaltung und Optimierung von Diensten, um die Anforderungen unserer Nutzer zu erfüllen.
Wir informieren Sie beispielsweise über unsere Dienste, beispielsweise über anstehende Änderungen oder Verbesserungen.
Marketing, um Nutzer über unsere Dienste zu informieren.
Zum Beispiel können wir eine E-Mail an Nutzer von Google Fotos senden, die Informationen zu einer Rabattaktion für Fotodrucke enthält.
Zum Schutz von Google, unserer Nutzer und der Öffentlichkeit
Zur Verbesserung der Sicherheit und Zuverlässigkeit unserer Dienste. Dazu zählen das Erkennen, Verhindern und Bekämpfen von Betrug, Missbrauch, Sicherheitsmängeln und technischen Problemen, die Google, unseren Nutzern oder der Öffentlichkeit schaden könnten.
Beispiele für Verarbeitungsaktivitäten:
Wir erheben und analysieren IP-Adressen und Cookiedaten, um unsere Dienste durch automatisierte Mechanismen vor Missbrauch zu schützen. Dieser Missbrauch kann viele verschiedene Formen annehmen, zum Beispiel das Senden von Spam an Gmail-Nutzer. Außerdem könnte Werbetreibenden durch betrügerisches Klicken auf Werbung Geld gestohlen werden oder Inhalte durch das Starten eines Distributed-Denial-of-Service-Angriffs (DDoS) unterdrückt werden.
Mit der Funktion "Letzte Kontoaktivität" in Gmail können Sie feststellen, ob und wann eine andere Person ohne Ihr Wissen auf Ihre E-Mail zugegriffen hat. In dieser Funktion finden Sie Informationen zu den letzten Aktivitäten in Gmail, wie etwa die IP-Adressen, über die auf Ihre E-Mails zugegriffen wurde, sowie wo und wann der Zugriff erfolgt ist.
Wir analysieren Ihre Inhalte, um
Missbrauch wie Spam, Malware und illegale Inhalte zu erkennen
.
Wir verarbeiten Informationen zu Ersuchen um Entfernung von Inhalten aus unseren Diensten gemäß den Richtlinien von Google zur Entfernung von Inhalten oder gemäß anwendbarem Recht, um das betreffende Ersuchen zu prüfen, Transparenz zu gewährleisten, die Fähigkeit zur Rechenschaftslegung zu verbessern und Missbrauch und Betrug bei diesen Verfahren zu verhindern.
Zur Einhaltung geltender Gesetze, Verordnungen sowie Rechtsverfahren oder Befolgung eines vollstreckbaren behördlichen Ersuchens.
Beispiele für Verarbeitungsaktivitäten:
Wie andere Technologie- und Kommunikationsunternehmen auch erhält Google regelmäßig Anfragen von staatlichen Behörden und Gerichten auf der ganzen Welt, in denen wir zur Offenlegung von Nutzerdaten aufgefordert werden. Die Achtung Ihrer Privatsphäre und die Sicherheit Ihrer gespeicherten Daten sind zwei wesentliche Aspekte, an denen wir uns bei der Frage orientieren, ob wir diesen rechtlichen Anfragen nachkommen. Unsere Rechtsabteilung prüft jede einzelne Anfrage unabhängig von ihrer Art. Häufig werden Anfragen abgelehnt, die zu allgemein gehalten sind oder bei denen das korrekte Verfahren nicht eingehalten wurde.
Aufgrund rechtlicher Verpflichtungen müssen wir bestimmte Daten speichern, etwa aufgrund einer Dokumentationspflicht im Finanzbereich. Beispielsweise speichern wir aus steuerrechtlichen oder buchhalterischen Gründen Daten zu Zahlungen, die Sie an Google geleistet haben.
Verschiedene Gesetze und Vorschriften verpflichten uns dazu, Maßnahmen zu ergreifen, um sicherzustellen, dass unsere Nutzer alt genug sind, um unsere Dienste zu nutzen. Um Ihr Alter zu bestimmen, verarbeiten wir das von Ihnen angegebene Geburtsdatum. Wir verarbeiten auch Informationen über Ihre Aktivitäten in unseren Diensten, sowohl wenn Sie in einem Google-Konto angemeldet als auch wenn Sie abgemeldet sind, und verwenden maschinelles Lernen, um festzustellen, ob Sie wahrscheinlich über 18 Jahre alt sind. In bestimmten Fällen, wenn wir nicht bestätigen können, dass Sie alt genug sind, um unsere Dienste zu nutzen, können wir andere Informationen anfordern, um Ihr Alter zu überprüfen, beispielsweise Ihren Personalausweis, Ihre Kreditkarte, ein Foto von Ihnen oder Ihre Telefonnummer.
Welche Daten verarbeitet werden, hängt von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Die Daten können Folgendes umfassen:
Daten, die Sie uns bei der Nutzung unserer Dienste zur Verfügung stellen:
Inhalte, die Sie erstellen, hochladen oder empfangen (z. B. Fotos, Videos, E‑Mails, Dokumente und Tabellen).
Google Dashboard
: Damit können Sie Daten verwalten, die mit bestimmten Produkten verknüpft sind.
Personenbezogene Daten, die Sie angeben, wenn Sie ein Google-Konto erstellen (z. B.
Ihr Name
und Ihr Passwort,
Ihre Telefonnummer
, Ihr Geburtsdatum oder
Zahlungsinformationen
).
Daten, die wir erheben, wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen:
Informationen zu Ihren Apps, Browsern und Geräten
wie
eindeutige IDs
, die mit dem Browser, der App oder dem Gerät verknüpft sind, den, die bzw. das Sie verwenden, sowie Informationen über die Interaktion Ihrer Apps, Browser und Geräte mit unseren Diensten (z. B. IP-Adresse, Absturzberichte und Systemaktivitäten).
Informationen zu Ihren Aktivitäten in unseren Diensten
wie Ihre Suchbegriffe, der mit Ihrem Google-Konto synchronisierte Chrome-Browserverlauf, Ihre Aufrufe und Interaktionen von bzw. mit Inhalten und Werbung sowie Ihre Aktivitäten auf Websites und in Apps von Drittanbietern, in denen unsere Dienste genutzt werden. Die in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeicherten Aktivitäten können Sie auf der Seite
Meine Aktivitäten
einsehen und verwalten.
Standortinformationen
, die etwa anhand von GPS, IP-Adresse und anderen Daten von Sensoren an Ihrem Gerät oder in dessen Nähe ermittelt werden können. Dies hängt zum Teil von Ihren Geräte- und Kontoeinstellungen ab.
Informationen aus öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen
wie Informationen, die online (z. B. wenn Ihr Name in Ihrer lokalen Zeitung erwähnt wird) oder aus anderen Quellen öffentlich verfügbar sind.
Informationen von unseren vertrauenswürdigen Partnern
, z. B. von Verzeichnisdiensten, die uns Informationen zu Unternehmen liefern, die in Google-Diensten angezeigt werden sollen, oder von Sicherheitspartnern, die uns Daten liefern, um vor Missbrauch zu schützen.
Die rechtlichen Grundlagen für die Verarbeitung dieser Informationen hängen von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Diese Grundlagen können Folgendes umfassen:
Wahrung unserer
berechtigten Interessen
und derer von Dritten, einschließlich:
Durchsetzen rechtlicher Forderungen, einschließlich der Untersuchung möglicher Verletzungen anwendbarer Nutzungsbedingungen.
Wir analysieren beispielsweise Inhalte, um Missbrauch wie Spam, Malware und illegale Inhalte zu erkennen.
Aufdecken, Verhindern oder anderweitiges Bekämpfen von Betrug, Missbrauch, Sicherheitsmängeln oder technischen Problemen bei unseren Diensten.
Zum Beispiel erheben und analysieren wir IP-Adressen und Cookiedaten zum Schutz vor automatisiertem Missbrauch.
Schutz der Rechte, des Eigentums und der Sicherheit von Google, unserer Nutzer und der Öffentlichkeit vor Schaden, einschließlich der Offenlegung von Informationen gegenüber Behörden.
Beispielsweise reagieren wir auf gerichtliche Verfahren oder vollstreckbare Aufforderungen von staatlichen Stellen und Gerichten zur Offenlegung von Daten, nachdem jede Anfrage sorgfältig geprüft wurde, um sicherzustellen, dass sie den anwendbaren Gesetzen entspricht.
Recherchen, durch die unsere Dienste für Nutzer verbessert werden und die für die Öffentlichkeit von Vorteil sind.
Wir verarbeiten beispielsweise Informationen zu
Ersuchen um Entfernung von Inhalten
aus unseren Diensten, um die Öffentlichkeit zu informieren, Recherchen zu ermöglichen und Transparenz in Bezug auf diese Ersuchen zu bieten.
Wenn dies zum Schutz Ihrer
lebenswichtigen Interessen
oder denen einer anderen Person erforderlich ist. Wir verarbeiten beispielsweise Daten, um sexuellen Missbrauch von Kindern im Internet zu erkennen und zu bekämpfen.
Wenn wir eine
rechtliche Verpflichtung
haben, zum Beispiel zur Aufbewahrung bestimmter Informationen zu Zwecken der Dokumentationspflicht oder zur Verarbeitung und Aufbewahrung von Informationen, um dabei zu helfen sicherzustellen, dass die Nutzer alt genug sind, um unsere Dienste zu nutzen.
Google-Dienste verknüpfen
Wenn Sie ein Nutzer in der EU sind, bieten wir Ihnen die Wahl, eine Verknüpfung zwischen bestimmten Google-Diensten beizubehalten. Weitere Informationen zu Ihren verknüpften Diensten und zum Verwalten Ihrer Auswahl finden Sie unter
Informationen zum GDM und zu Ihren verknüpften Diensten
.
Informationen über diese Datenschutzerklärung
Anwendungsbereich dieser Datenschutzerklärung
Diese Datenschutzerklärung gilt für alle Dienste, die von Google LLC und seinen
verbundenen Unternehmen
angeboten werden, einschließlich YouTube, Android und Dienste, die auf Websites Dritter bereitgestellt werden, wie Werbedienste. Diese Datenschutzerklärung gilt nicht für Dienste, für die gesonderte Datenschutzrichtlinien gelten und die die vorliegende Datenschutzerklärung nicht beinhalten.
Diese Datenschutzerklärung gilt nicht für
den Umgang mit Daten durch andere Unternehmen und Organisationen, die unsere Dienste bewerben,
Dienste, die von anderen Unternehmen oder Personen angeboten werden, einschließlich von ihnen angebotene Produkte oder Websites, die möglicherweise Google-Dienste beinhalten, für die die Erklärung gilt, sowie Produkte oder Websites, die Ihnen in Suchergebnissen angezeigt werden oder die über einen Link in unseren Diensten erreicht werden können
Änderungen an dieser Datenschutzerklärung
Wir ändern diese Datenschutzerklärung von Zeit zu Zeit. Wir werden Ihre Rechte im Rahmen dieser Datenschutzerklärung ohne Ihre ausdrückliche Zustimmung nicht einschränken. Wir geben immer das Veröffentlichungsdatum der letzten Änderungen an und bieten Ihnen Zugriff auf
archivierte Versionen
. Bei wesentlichen Änderungen weisen wir deutlicher auf diese hin. So werden Sie zum Beispiel bei bestimmten Diensten per E-Mail über eine Änderung der Datenschutzerklärung benachrichtigt.
Weitere Informationen zum Datenschutz
Google-Dienste
Die folgenden Datenschutzhinweise bieten zusätzliche Informationen zu manchen Google-Diensten:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini-Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Mit Family Link verwaltete Google-Konten für Kinder unter 13 Jahren (in einigen Ländern gilt ein anderes Mindestalter für Google-Konten)
Family Link-Leitfaden zum Datenschutz für Kinder und Teenager
Erhebung von Sprach- und Audiodaten im Rahmen von Funktionen für Kinder in Google Assistant
Wenn Sie Mitglied einer Organisation sind, die Google Workspace oder Google Cloud Platform verwendet, erfahren Sie in den
Datenschutzhinweisen zu Google Cloud
, wie diese Dienste Ihre personenbezogenen Informationen erheben und verarbeiten.
Weitere hilfreiche Ressourcen
Die folgenden Links bieten hilfreiche Ressourcen, um weitere Informationen über unsere Praktiken und Datenschutzeinstellungen zu erhalten.
Ihr Google-Konto
verfügt über zahlreiche Einstellungen, mit denen Sie Ihr Konto verwalten können.
Der
Privatsphärecheck
führt Sie durch die wichtigsten Datenschutzeinstellungen für Ihr Google-Konto.
Im
Google Sicherheitscenter
erhalten Sie Informationen zu unseren integrierten Sicherheitsmaßnahmen und Datenschutzeinstellungen. Außerdem können Sie hier die Tools kennenlernen, mit denen Sie innerhalb Ihrer Familie Grundregeln für die Nutzung digitaler Onlinemedien aufstellen können.
In den
Google-Datenschutzinformationen für Jugendliche
finden Sie Antworten auf einige der uns am häufigsten gestellten Fragen zum Datenschutz
Der Abschnitt
Datenschutz & Nutzungsbedingungen
bietet weitere Hintergrundinformationen zu dieser Datenschutzerklärung und zu unseren Nutzungsbedingungen.
Unter
Technologien
finden Sie weitere Informationen zu folgenden Themen:
So verwendet Google Cookies
Die für
Werbung
verwendeten Technologien
Wie wir Daten von Websites oder Apps verwenden, auf bzw. in denen unsere Dienste genutzt werden
Wichtige Begriffe
Algorithmus
Ein Prozess oder Regelwerk, dem ein Computer beim Ausführen von Problemlösungsverfahren folgt.
Applikationsdaten-Cache
Ein Applikationsdaten-Cache ist ein Datenspeicher auf einem Gerät. Damit kann eine Webanwendung zum Beispiel ohne Internetverbindung ausgeführt oder die Leistung der Anwendung durch schnelleres Laden der Inhalte verbessert werden.
Browser-Webspeicher
Mithilfe des Browser-Webspeichers können Websites Daten in einem Browser auf einem Gerät speichern. Wenn der Speicher als "lokaler Speicher" verwendet wird, können Daten sitzungsübergreifend gespeichert werden. Dadurch sind sie auch nach dem Schließen und erneuten Öffnen des Browsers weiterhin abrufbar. Eine Technologie, die dies ermöglicht, ist HTML 5.
Cookies
Ein Cookie ist eine kleine Datei, die eine Zeichenkette enthält, die an Ihren Computer gesendet wird, wenn Sie eine Website aufrufen. Wenn Sie die Website das nächste Mal besuchen, kann diese anhand des Cookies Ihren Browser wiedererkennen. Cookies können Nutzereinstellungen und andere Informationen speichern. Ihr Browser lässt sich so konfigurieren, dass alle Cookies abgelehnt werden oder dass angezeigt wird, wenn ein Cookie gesendet wird. Einige Funktionen oder Dienste einer Website werden ohne Cookies möglicherweise nicht richtig ausgeführt. Lernen Sie mehr darüber,
wie Google Cookies verwendet
und wie Google Daten, einschließlich Cookies, verwendet,
wenn Sie die Websites oder Apps unserer Partner nutzen
Eindeutige IDs
Bei einer eindeutigen ID handelt es sich um eine Zeichenfolge, anhand derer ein Browser, eine App oder ein Gerät eindeutig identifiziert werden kann. Solche IDs haben eine unterschiedliche Verwendungsdauer und unterscheiden sich darin, ob sie durch den Nutzer zurückgesetzt werden können und wie der Nutzer auf sie zugreifen kann.
Eindeutige IDs werden zu verschiedenen Zwecken verwendet, etwa aus Sicherheitsgründen und zur Betrugserkennung, zum Synchronisieren von Diensten wie dem E-Mail-Posteingang oder zum Speichern von Einstellungen und Anbieten personalisierter Werbung. In Cookies gespeicherte eindeutige IDs dienen beispielsweise dazu, Websites die Darstellung von Browserinhalten in Ihrer bevorzugten Sprache zu ermöglichen. Ihr Browser lässt sich so konfigurieren, dass alle Cookies abgelehnt werden oder dass angezeigt wird, wenn ein Cookie gesendet wird. Weitere Informationen dazu,
wie Google Cookies verwendet
Auf anderen Plattformen als Browsern werden eindeutige IDs zur Erkennung eines bestimmten Geräts oder einer App auf diesem Gerät verwendet. Eine eindeutige ID wie die Werbe-ID wird beispielsweise verwendet, um Ihnen auf Android-Geräten relevante Werbung anzuzeigen. Dies können Sie in Ihren Geräteeinstellungen
verwalten
. Eindeutige IDs können auch vom Hersteller einem Gerät fest zugewiesen werden. Diese IDs werden gelegentlich auch als "Universally Unique ID" oder kurz "UUID" bezeichnet. Ein Beispiel hierfür ist die IMEI-Nummer eines Smartphones. Anhand dieser eindeutigen ID können wir etwa unseren Dienst an Ihr Gerät anpassen oder Geräteprobleme im Zusammenhang mit unseren Diensten analysieren.
Gerät
Ein Gerät ist ein Computer, mit dessen Hilfe auf Google-Dienste zugegriffen werden kann. Beispielsweise werden Desktop-Computer, Tablets, intelligente Lautsprecher und Smartphones als Geräte bezeichnet.
Google-Konto
Um einige unserer Dienste nutzen zu können, ist es erforderlich, ein
Google-Konto
zu erstellen und einige personenbezogene Daten (typischerweise Ihren Namen, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse und ein Passwort) anzugeben. Mithilfe dieser Kontoinformationen ist es möglich, Sie zu authentifizieren, wenn Sie auf Dienste von Google zugreifen, und Ihr Konto vor nicht autorisierten Zugriffen durch andere Nutzer zu schützen. Sie können Ihr Konto jederzeit über die Google-Kontoeinstellungen bearbeiten oder löschen.
IP-Adresse
Jedem Gerät, das mit dem Internet verbunden ist, wird eine Nummer zugewiesen. Diese wird als Internet Protocol(IP)-Adresse bezeichnet. Diese Nummern werden normalerweise in Blöcken zugewiesen, die bestimmten geografischen Gebieten zugeordnet sind. Anhand der IP-Adresse kann oftmals der Ort identifiziert werden, von dem aus sich das Gerät mit dem Internet verbindet.
Weitere Informationen dazu, wie wir Standortinformationen verwenden
Nicht-personenbezogene Daten
Das sind Nutzer-Informationen, die erfasst werden, sodass sie nicht länger auf individuell identifizierbare Nutzer verweisen können.
Personenbezogene Daten
Hierbei handelt es sich um Daten, die Sie uns zur Verfügung stellen und anhand derer Sie persönlich identifiziert werden können (z. B. Ihr Name, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse oder Zahlungsinformationen), oder sonstige Daten, die von Google mit Informationen dieser Art in Verbindung gebracht werden können, beispielsweise Informationen, die wir mit Ihrem Google-Konto verknüpfen.
Pixel-Tag
Ein Pixel-Tag wird auf einer Website oder innerhalb einer E-Mail-Nachricht platziert, um bestimmte Aktivitäten wie das Aufrufen von Websites oder das Öffnen von E-Mails zu erfassen. Pixel-Tags werden häufig in Kombination mit Cookies eingesetzt.
Sensible personenbezogene Daten
Hierbei handelt es sich um besondere Kategorien personenbezogener Daten wie etwa vertrauliche medizinische Informationen, die Zugehörigkeit zu einer bestimmten ethnischen Gruppe, politische oder religiöse Gesinnungen oder sexuelle Neigungen.
Serverprotokolle
Wie bei den meisten Websites zeichnen unsere Server automatisch Ihre Aufrufe unserer Websites auf. Diese „Serverprotokolle“ enthalten normalerweise Ihre Webanfrage, die IP-Adresse, den Browsertyp, die Browsersprache, das Datum und die Uhrzeit Ihrer Anfrage sowie ein oder mehrere Cookies, die Ihren Browser eindeutig identifizieren können.
Ein typischer Protokolleintrag für die Suche nach dem Begriff "Autos" sieht folgendermaßen aus:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
ist dabei die IP-Adresse, die der Internetanbieter dem Nutzer zuweist. Je nach Dienst kann dem Nutzer jedes Mal, wenn er eine Verbindung mit dem Internet herstellt, eine andere Adresse zugewiesen werden.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
sind das Datum und die Uhrzeit der Suchanfrage.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
ist die angeforderte URL einschließlich Anfrage.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
sind der verwendete Browser und das verwendete Betriebssystem.
740674ce2123a969
ist die eindeutige Cookie-ID, die diesem Computer beim ersten Besuch von Google zugewiesen wird. Hinweis: Cookies können von Nutzern gelöscht werden. Wenn der Nutzer seit dem letzten Aufruf von Google das Cookie vom Computer gelöscht hat, wird ihm beim nächsten Aufruf von Google auf dem entsprechenden Gerät erneut eine solche eindeutige Cookie-ID zugewiesen.
Verbundene Unternehmen
Ein verbundenes Unternehmen ist eine juristische Person, die zur Google-Unternehmensgruppe gehört, einschließlich der folgenden Unternehmen, die Dienstleistungen in der EU anbieten: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp und Google Dialer Inc. Weitere Informationen zu den
Unternehmen, die Geschäftsdienstleistungen in der EU anbieten
Verweis-URL
Eine Verweis-URL (Uniform Resource Locator) ist die Information, die ein Webbrowser in der Regel an eine Ziel-Website übermittelt, wenn Sie auf einen Link zu der betreffenden Website klicken. Die Verweis-URL enthält die URL der letzten Website, die im Browser aufgerufen wurde.
Zusätzliche Informationen
Ähnliche Informationen im Zusammenhang mit Ihrer körperlichen oder psychischen Gesundheit
Wenn Sie von uns angebotene Fitnessprodukte und ‐Apps wie Fitbit, die Pixel Watch, Nest oder Google Fit verwenden, erheben wir Daten von Ihnen, z. B. Ihre Größe und Ihr Gewicht. Mithilfe dieser Apps und Geräte sammeln wir außerdem Daten wie Schlafrhythmus, Herzfrequenz, Hauttemperatur, verbrannte Kalorien und zurückgelegte Schritte.
Aktivitäten auf Websites und in Apps von Drittanbietern, die unsere Dienste nutzen
Websites und Apps, bei denen Google-Dienste wie Werbung und Analysen integriert sind, geben Daten an uns weiter.
Diese Daten werden unabhängig vom verwendeten Browser oder Browsermodus erhoben. Beispielsweise kann der Inkognitomodus in Chrome zwar dazu beitragen, dass andere Personen, die Ihr Gerät verwenden, nicht sehen können, welche Inhalte Sie aufgerufen haben. Websites und Apps von Drittanbietern, bei denen unsere Dienste integriert sind, können dennoch Daten an Google weitergeben, wenn Sie sie öffnen.
Hier finden Sie weitere Informationen
zu einigen der Optionen, mit denen Sie festlegen können, welche Daten weitergegeben werden, wenn Sie Websites und Apps öffnen oder nutzen, die Google-Dienste verwenden.
Aktivitäten in Google-Diensten
Wenn Sie in Ihrem Google-Konto angemeldet sind und Web- & App-Aktivitäten aktiviert sind, können Daten zu Ihren Aktivitäten auf Websites, in Apps und in Diensten von Google in den Web- & App-Aktivitäten Ihres Kontos gespeichert werden. Einige Aktivitäten können Informationen über den ungefähren Ort enthalten, an dem Sie sich bei der Nutzung des Google-Dienstes aufgehalten haben. Wenn Sie unter Verwendung eines ungefähren Orts nach etwas suchen, wird dafür ein Gebiet von mindestens drei Quadratkilometern verwendet. Alternativ wird der Ort erweitert, bis der Bereich den Standort von mindestens 1.000 Personen umfasst. So wird Ihre Privatsphäre besser geschützt.
In einigen Fällen werden Orte, an denen Sie in der Vergangenheit gesucht haben, möglicherweise dazu verwendet, einen relevanten Standort für Ihre Suche zu schätzen. Wenn Sie beispielsweise in Berlin nach Cafés suchen, zeigt Google bei zukünftigen Suchanfragen möglicherweise Ergebnisse für Berlin an.
Unter
Meine Aktivitäten
können Sie Ihre Web- & App-Aktivitäten ansehen und verwalten.
Android-Gerät mit Google-Apps
Android-Geräte mit Google-Apps sind Geräte, die von Google oder einem unserer Partner verkauft werden und umfassen Smartphones, Kameras, Fahrzeuge, Wearables und Fernseher. Diese Geräte nutzen Google Play-Dienste und andere vorinstallierte Apps. Dazu zählen Dienste wie Gmail, Maps, die Kamera- und Telefon-App Ihres Smartphones, die Sprachausgabe, die Tastatureingabe und Sicherheitsfunktionen. Weitere Informationen über Google Play-Dienste
finden Sie hier
.
Bereitstellung unserer Dienste
Im Folgenden finden Sie Beispiele dafür, wie wir Ihre Daten zur Bereitstellung unserer Dienste nutzen:
Wir verwenden die IP-Adresse Ihres Geräts, damit Sie die von Ihnen angeforderten Daten laden können, wie etwa ein YouTube-Video.
Wir verwenden eindeutige IDs, die in Cookies auf Ihrem Gerät gespeichert sind, um Sie als die Person zu authentifizieren, die auf Ihr Google-Konto zugreifen darf.
Fotos und Videos, die Sie in Google Fotos hochladen, werden verwendet, um Ihnen zu helfen, Alben, Collagen und andere Kreationen zu erstellen, die Sie mit anderen teilen können.
Weitere Informationen
Eine Flugbestätigung, die Sie per E-Mail erhalten, kann verwendet werden, um eine Check-in-Schaltfläche in Gmail zu erstellen.
Wenn Sie Dienstleistungen oder Artikel von uns kaufen, teilen Sie uns möglicherweise Informationen wie Ihre Lieferadresse oder Lieferanweisungen mit. Wir verwenden diese Informationen beispielsweise für die Verarbeitung, die Durchführung und die Lieferung Ihrer Bestellung sowie zur Bereitstellung des Supports für den Artikel oder die Dienstleistung, die Sie kaufen.
Bestimmte Google-Dienste
Beispielsweise können Sie
Ihren Blog
aus Blogger oder
eine Google-Website, die Ihnen gehört
, aus Google Sites löschen. Zusätzlich können Sie
Rezensionen
löschen, die Sie zu Apps, Spielen und anderen Inhalten im Play Store verfasst haben.
Bestimmte Partner
Beispielsweise gestatten wir Creatorn und Werbetreibenden, mit Messunternehmen zusammenzuarbeiten, um mithilfe von Cookies oder ähnlichen Technologien mehr über die Zielgruppe ihrer YouTube-Videos oder Werbeanzeigen zu erfahren. Ein weiteres Beispiel sind Händler auf unseren Shopping-Seiten, die mithilfe von Cookies ermitteln, wie viele Nutzer ihre Produkteinträge sehen.
Hier erhalten Sie weitere Informationen
zu diesen Partnern und zu deren Verwendung Ihrer Daten.
Cookies – Damit unsere Dienste ordnungsgemäß funktionieren
Wir verwenden beispielsweise ein Cookie namens "lbcs", mit dessen Hilfe sich eine große Zahl von Google Docs-Dokumenten in einem einzigen Browser öffnen lässt. Wird dieses Cookie blockiert, kann Google Docs nicht korrekt ausgeführt werden.
Weitere Informationen
Daten über Ihre Aktivitäten auf dieser Website mit Aktivitäten auf anderen Websites verknüpfen
Google Analytics nutzt eigene Cookies, also Cookies, die vom Google Analytics-Kunden gesetzt wurden. Bei der Verwendung unserer Systeme können Google Analytics-Kunden und Google über Google Analytics generierte Daten mit Drittanbieter-Cookies verknüpfen, die durch Besuche auf anderen Websites generiert wurden. Beispielsweise könnte ein Werbetreibender seine Google Analytics-Daten dazu verwenden, relevantere Werbung zu erstellen oder seinen Traffic genauer zu analysieren.
Weitere Informationen
Der für die Verarbeitung Ihrer Informationen zuständige Datenverantwortliche
Das ist das mit Google verbundene Unternehmen, welches für die Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten und die Einhaltung der anwendbaren Datenschutzgesetze verantwortlich ist.
der Öffentlichkeit
Wir verarbeiten beispielsweise Informationen zu
Ersuchen um Entfernung von Inhalten
aus unseren Diensten gemäß den Richtlinien von Google zur Entfernung von Inhalten oder gemäß anwendbarem Recht, um das betreffende Ersuchen zu prüfen sowie Transparenz zu gewährleisten, die Rechenschaftspflicht zu verbessern und Missbrauch und Betrug bei diesen Verfahren zu verhindern.
Dienste nutzen, um Anrufe zu tätigen und zu erhalten oder um Nachrichten zu senden und zu empfangen
Beispiele für diese Dienste sind:
Google Voice zum Tätigen und Empfangen von Anrufen, Senden von SMS und Verwalten der Mailbox
Google Meet zum Tätigen und Empfangen von Videoanrufen
Gmail zum Senden und Empfangen von E-Mails
Google Chat zum Senden und Empfangen von Nachrichten
Google Duo zum Tätigen und Empfangen von Videoanrufen und Senden und Empfangen von Nachrichten
Google Fi für einen Telefontarif
Dritte
Beispielsweise verarbeiten wir Ihre Daten, um Rechteinhabern Nutzungsstatistiken bereitzustellen, sie also darüber zu informieren, wie ihre Inhalte in unseren Diensten genutzt wurden. Wir könnten Ihre Daten auch dann verarbeiten, wenn Personen nach Ihrem Namen suchen und wir Suchergebnisse von Websites anzeigen, die öffentlich verfügbare Daten über Sie enthalten.
für die Öffentlichkeit von Vorteil sind
Wir verarbeiten beispielsweise Informationen zu
Ersuchen um Entfernung von Inhalten
aus unseren Diensten, um die Öffentlichkeit zu informieren, Recherchen zu ermöglichen und Transparenz in Bezug auf diese Ersuchen zu bieten.
Geeignete Sicherheitsmaßnahmen
Beispielsweise können wir Daten anonymisieren oder verschlüsseln, damit sie mit keinen anderen Daten über Sie verknüpft werden können.
Weitere Informationen
Geräte
Wir können beispielsweise Informationen von Ihren Geräten nutzen, um Ihnen bei der Entscheidung behilflich zu sein, welches Gerät Sie für die Installation einer App oder zum Ansehen eines Films verwenden sollten, die Sie bei Google Play gekauft haben. Diese Informationen verwenden wir außerdem zum Schutz Ihres Kontos.
Gerichtliches Verfahren oder vollstreckbares behördliches Ersuchen
Wie andere Technologie- und Kommunikationsunternehmen auch erhält Google regelmäßig Anfragen von staatlichen Behörden und Gerichten auf der ganzen Welt, in denen wir zur Offenlegung von Nutzerdaten aufgefordert werden. Die Achtung Ihrer Privatsphäre und die Sicherheit Ihrer gespeicherten Daten sind zwei wesentliche Aspekte, an denen wir uns bei der Frage orientieren, ob wir diesen rechtlichen Anfragen nachkommen. Unsere Rechtsabteilung prüft jede einzelne Anfrage unabhängig von ihrer Art. Häufig werden Anfragen abgelehnt, die zu allgemein gehalten sind oder bei denen das korrekte Verfahren nicht eingehalten wurde. Weitere Informationen finden Sie in unserem
Transparenzbericht
.
Gewährleisten und verbessern
Beispielsweise analysieren wir, wie Personen mit Werbung interagieren, um die Leistung unserer Werbeanzeigen zu verbessern.
Gewährleisten, dass unsere Dienste ordnungsgemäß funktionieren
Beispielsweise überprüfen wir fortlaufend, ob unsere Systeme ordnungsgemäß funktionieren, sodass Probleme erkannt werden können. Wenn wir feststellen, dass eine Funktion fehlerhaft ist, ermöglichen uns die vor dem Eintreten des Problems erfassten Aktivitätsdaten, das Problem schneller zu beseitigen.
Ihre Aktivitäten auf anderen Websites und in Apps
Diese Aktivitäten könnten durch die Nutzung von Google-Diensten entstehen. Beispiele dafür sind die Synchronisierung Ihres Kontos mit Chrome oder Besuche von Websites und Apps von Google-Partnern. Viele Websites und Apps arbeiten bei der Verbesserung ihrer Inhalte und Dienste mit Google zusammen. Beispielsweise können Websites unsere Werbedienste wie AdSense oder Analysetools wie Google Analytics verwenden oder andere Inhalte wie Videos von YouTube einbetten. Von diesen Produkten können Daten über Ihre Aktivitäten an Google weitergegeben werden. Je nach
Ihren Kontoeinstellungen
und den verwendeten Produkten können diese Daten mit Ihren personenbezogenen Daten verknüpft werden, zum Beispiel, wenn ein Partner Google Analytics in Verbindung mit unseren Werbediensten verwendet.
Weitere Informationen über die Datennutzung durch Google
, wenn Sie die Websites oder Apps unserer Partner verwenden
In deren Namen Werbung und Recherchedienste bereitstellen
Beispielsweise können Händler Daten von ihren Kundenkartenprogrammen hochladen, um Informationen zu diesen Programmen in die Such- oder Shopping-Ergebnisse aufzunehmen oder sich ein besseres Bild von der Leistung ihrer Werbekampagnen zu machen. Wir stellen Werbetreibenden nur zusammengefasste Berichte zur Verfügung, die keine Informationen über einzelne Personen preisgeben.
in unseren Diensten erhobene Daten verwenden
Je nach Ihren verfügbaren Einstellungen finden Sie im Folgenden Beispiele für die Verwendung der von uns in unseren Diensten erhobenen Daten:
Wenn Sie in Ihrem Google-Konto angemeldet sind und eine Suche auf Google durchführen, erscheinen neben Suchergebnissen aus dem öffentlichen Web auch relevante Informationen aus den Inhalten, die in anderen Google-Produkten wie Gmail oder Google Kalender vorhanden sind. Dazu zählen unter anderem der Status Ihrer gebuchten Flüge, Restaurant- und Hotelreservierungen oder Ihre Fotos.
Weitere Informationen
Wenn Sie mit jemandem über Gmail kommuniziert haben und diese Person zu einem Google Docs-Dokument oder einem Termin in Google Kalender hinzufügen möchten, wird die E-Mail-Adresse automatisch vervollständigt, sobald Sie mit der Eingabe des Namens beginnen. Diese Funktion vereinfacht das Teilen von Inhalten mit Freunden und Bekannten.
Weitere Informationen
Die Google App kann Daten nutzen, die Sie in anderen Google-Produkten gespeichert haben, um Ihnen, entsprechend Ihren Einstellungen, personalisierte Inhalte einzublenden. Wenn Sie beispielsweise in Ihren Web- & App-Aktivitäten Suchanfragen gespeichert haben, kann Ihnen die Google App Nachrichtenartikel und andere zu Ihren Interessen passende Informationen auf der Basis Ihrer Aktivitäten zeigen, wie z. B. Sportergebnisse.
Wenn Sie Ihr Google-Konto mit Google Home verknüpfen, können Sie über Google Assistant Ihre Daten verwalten und Dinge erledigen. So können Sie beispielsweise Ihrem Google Kalender Termine hinzufügen oder die Terminübersicht für einen bestimmten Tag aufrufen, Statusaktualisierungen zu einem gebuchten Flug abrufen oder Informationen wie Wegbeschreibungen an Ihr Smartphone senden.
Weitere Informationen
Wenn Sie ein Nutzer in der EU sind, wirken sich Ihre Entscheidungen zum Verknüpfen von Diensten darauf aus, wie bestimmte Google-Dienste die Daten dienstübergreifend verwenden können.
Informationen über Objekte in der Nähe Ihres Geräts
Wenn Sie die Standortdienste von Google unter Android nutzen, können wir die Leistung von Apps verbessern, die, wie Google Maps, Standortdaten benötigen. Wenn Sie den Standortdienst von Google nutzen, sendet Ihr Gerät über Sensoren wie den Beschleunigungsmesser, über nahe gelegene Mobilfunkmasten und über WLAN-Zugangspunkte, wie die MAC-Adresse und die Signalstärke, Informationen an Google. Diese Daten ermöglichen eine bessere Bestimmung Ihres Standorts. Den Google-Standortdienst können Sie in den Einstellungen Ihres Geräts aktivieren.
Weitere Informationen
Inhalte und Werbeanzeigen, die Sie sich ansehen und mit denen Sie interagieren
Beispielsweise erheben wir Daten zu Aufrufen und Interaktionen mit Werbeanzeigen, damit wir Werbetreibenden zusammengefasste Berichte bereitstellen können, aus denen hervorgeht, ob wir ihre Werbeanzeige auf einer Seite ausgeliefert haben und ob die Werbeanzeige von einem Nutzer gesehen wurde. Darüber hinaus können auch andere Interaktionen gemessen werden, etwa wie Sie Ihre Maus über eine Werbeanzeige bewegen oder ob Sie mit der Seite interagieren, auf der die Werbeanzeige eingeblendet wird.
löschen
Sie können beispielsweise, wie oben beschrieben, basierend auf dem anwendbaren Recht (einschließlich Datenschutzrecht) und unseren Richtlinien das
Entfernen von Inhalten aus bestimmten Google-Diensten beantragen
, einschließlich Inhalten, in denen sich möglicherweise Ihre Daten befinden.
Missbrauch erkennen
Wenn wir auf unseren Systemen Spam, Malware, illegale Inhalte (einschließlich
Darstellungen des sexuellen Missbrauchs und der Ausbeutung von Kindern
) und andere Formen von Missbrauch feststellen, die gegen unsere Richtlinien verstoßen, können wir Ihr Konto deaktivieren oder andere angemessene Maßnahmen ergreifen. Unter bestimmten Umständen melden wir den Verstoß auch den zuständigen Behörden.
Öffentlich zugängliche Quellen
Beispielsweise erheben wir Daten, die online oder in anderen öffentlichen Quellen verfügbar sind, um die KI-Modelle von Google zu trainieren sowie Produkte und Funktionen wie Google Übersetzer, Gemini-Apps und Cloud AI weiterzuentwickeln. Wenn Ihre Unternehmensinformationen auf einer Website erscheinen, können wir sie indexieren und in Google-Diensten anzeigen.
Orte, denen Sie ein Label hinzufügen, z. B. Ihr Zuhause oder Ihr Arbeitsplatz
Sie können wichtige Orte in Ihrem Google-Konto speichern, z. B. Ihr Zuhause oder Ihren Arbeitsplatz. Wenn Sie Ihre Privat- oder Arbeitsadresse festlegen, werden damit bestimmte Aktionen einfacher, etwa das Abrufen von Wegbeschreibungen oder Ergebnissen in der Nähe Ihrer Privat- oder Arbeitsadresse. Außerdem sehen Sie relevantere Werbung.
Sie können Ihre Privat- und Arbeitsadresse jederzeit in Ihrem
Google-Konto
bearbeiten oder löschen.
Partnerschaft mit Google
Es gibt mehr als zwei Millionen Partnerwebsites und -apps im Google-Werbenetzwerk.
Weitere Informationen
Personalisierte Suchergebnisse
Wenn Sie beispielsweise in Ihrem Google-Konto angemeldet sind und die Einstellungen für Web- & App-Aktivitäten aktiviert sind, erhalten Sie relevantere Suchergebnisse auf der Basis Ihrer früheren Suchaktivitäten und Aktivitäten in anderen Google-Diensten.
Weitere Informationen dazu erhalten Sie hier.
Auch wenn Sie abgemeldet sind, können Sie personalisierte Suchergebnisse erhalten. Wenn Sie dieses Maß an Personalisierung bei der Suche nicht wünschen, können Sie
privat suchen und surfen
oder die
personalisierte Suche in abgemeldetem Zustand
deaktivieren.
Personalisierte Werbung
Möglicherweise wird Ihnen auch personalisierte Werbung präsentiert, die auf den Daten des Werbetreibenden basiert. Wenn Sie beispielsweise auf der Website eines Werbetreibenden eingekauft haben, kann dieser die Daten über Ihren Besuch zum Einblenden von Werbeanzeigen nutzen.
Weitere Informationen
Personalisierung unserer Dienste
Beispielsweise können wir ein Google-Doodle auf der Startseite der Suche zeigen, das sich speziell auf einen feierlichen Anlass in Ihrem Land bezieht.
Personen, mit denen Sie online am häufigsten zu tun haben
Wenn Sie zum Beispiel beim Schreiben einer E-Mail eine Adresse in das Feld "Empfänger", "Cc" oder "Bcc" eingeben, schlägt Gmail Ihnen Adressen von Personen vor,
die Sie am häufigsten kontaktieren
.
Sensible Kategorien
Wenn wir Ihnen personalisierte Werbung präsentieren, so basiert diese auf Themen, von denen wir denken, dass Sie aufgrund Ihrer Aktivitäten daran interessiert sein könnten. Beispielsweise könnten wir Werbung für Themen wie "Kochen und Rezepte" oder "Flugreisen" einblenden. Wir verwenden jedoch nicht solche Themen und schalten nicht solche personalisierten Werbeanzeigen, die auf sensiblen Kategorien wie ethnischer Zugehörigkeit, Religion, sexueller Orientierung oder Gesundheit basieren.
Dasselbe verlangen wie auch von unseren Werbetreibenden
, die unsere Dienste nutzen.
Sensordaten von Ihrem Gerät
Ihr Gerät ist möglicherweise mit Sensoren ausgestattet, die zur genaueren Bestimmung Ihres Standorts und Ihrer Bewegungen verwendet werden können. Beispielsweise kann mithilfe eines Beschleunigungsmessers Ihre Bewegungsgeschwindigkeit erfasst werden und mit einem Gyroskop die Richtung festgestellt werden, in die Sie sich bewegen.
Weitere Informationen dazu, wie wir Standortinformationen verwenden
Server auf der ganzen Welt
Wir betreiben Rechenzentren
auf der ganzen Welt
, um Nutzern unsere Produkte ununterbrochen zur Verfügung stellen zu können.
Sicherheit und Zuverlässigkeit
Im Folgenden finden Sie Beispiele für die Nutzung Ihrer Daten zur Gewährleistung von Sicherheit und Zuverlässigkeit unserer Dienste:
Durch das Erheben und Analysieren von IP-Adressen und Cookiedaten können wir unsere Dienste durch automatisierte Mechanismen vor Missbrauch schützen. Dieser Missbrauch nimmt viele verschiedene Formen an, zum Beispiel das Senden von Spam an Gmail-Nutzer. Außerdem könnte Werbetreibenden durch betrügerisches Klicken auf Werbeanzeigen Geld gestohlen werden oder Inhalte durch das Starten eines Distributed-Denial-of-Service-Angriffs (DDoS) unterdrückt werden.
Mit der Funktion "Letzte Kontoaktivität" in Gmail können Sie feststellen, ob und wann eine andere Person ohne Ihr Wissen auf Ihre E-Mail zugegriffen hat. In dieser Funktion finden Sie Informationen zu den letzten Aktivitäten in Gmail, wie etwa die IP-Adressen, über die auf Ihre E-Mails zugegriffen wurde, sowie wo und wann der Zugriff erfolgt ist.
Weitere Informationen
Sprach- und Audiodaten
Sie können zum Beispiel entscheiden, ob Sie möchten, dass Google eine Audioaufnahme in Ihrem Google-Konto speichert, wenn Sie mit der Google Suche, Google Assistant und Google Maps interagieren. Wenn Ihr Gerät einen Befehl zur Aktivierung der Sprachsteuerung erkennt, beispielsweise „Hey Google“, zeichnet Google sowohl Ihre Stimme und Audio als auch einige Sekunden vor der Aktivierung auf.
Weitere Informationen
Synchronisation mit Ihrem Google-Konto
Ihr Chrome-Browserverlauf wird nur dann in Ihrem Konto gespeichert, wenn Sie in Chrome die Synchronisierung mit Ihrem Google-Konto aktiviert haben.
Weitere Informationen
Telefonnummer
Wenn Sie Ihrem Konto Ihre Telefonnummer hinzugefügt haben, kann diese abhängig von Ihren Einstellungen in Google-Diensten für unterschiedliche Zwecke verwendet werden. Beispielsweise kann Ihre Telefonnummer dazu genutzt werden, Ihnen zu helfen, wieder auf Ihr Konto zugreifen zu können, wenn Sie Ihr Passwort vergessen haben. Außerdem kann sie anderen Personen helfen, Sie zu finden und mit Ihnen Kontakt aufzunehmen. Schließlich kann sie verwendet werden, um für Sie relevantere Werbung einzublenden.
Weitere Informationen
Trends aufzuzeigen
Wenn viele Nutzer nach etwas Bestimmtem suchen, kann dies Aufschluss über aktuelle Trends geben. Google Trends analysiert Suchanfragen in der Google Websuche, um die Anzahl der Suchanfragen in einem bestimmten Zeitraum zu ermitteln, und veröffentlicht eine Zusammenfassung dieser Ergebnisse.
Weitere Informationen
Unsere Dienste verbessern
Beispielsweise können wir anhand von Cookies analysieren, wie Nutzer mit unseren Diensten interagieren. Diese Analyse kann uns helfen, unsere Produkte zu optimieren. So könnten wir zum Beispiel feststellen, dass Nutzern die Durchführung einer bestimmten Aufgabe zu lange dauert oder dass manche Schritte überhaupt nicht durchgeführt werden können. In diesem Fall können wir diese Funktion überarbeiten und das Produkt für alle verbessern.
unserer Nutzer
Beispielsweise gibt Google Daten zu Ersuchen um Entfernung von Inhalten aus unseren Diensten an Lumen weiter, um Missbrauch zu verhindern und die Transparenz und Rechenschaft in Bezug auf unsere Moderation von Online-Inhalten zu verbessern. Lumen erfasst und analysiert diese Ersuchen, um Forschung zu ermöglichen, mit deren Hilfe Internetnutzer ihre Rechte besser verstehen.
Weitere Informationen
Vor Missbrauch schützen
Beispielsweise können uns Informationen über Sicherheitsbedrohungen helfen, Sie zu informieren, wenn wir denken, dass Unbefugte Zugriff auf Ihr Konto erlangt haben (an diesem Punkt können wir Ihnen helfen, Maßnahmen zum Schutz Ihres Kontos zu ergreifen).
Werbung, die Sie besonders nützlich finden
Wenn Sie sich beispielsweise auf YouTube Videos zum Thema Backen ansehen, werden Ihnen beim Surfen im Web unter Umständen mehr Werbeanzeigen zu diesem Thema eingeblendet. Anhand Ihrer IP-Adresse können wir auch Ihren ungefähren Standort ermitteln, damit wir Werbung für Pizza-Lieferservices in der Nähe einblenden können, wenn Sie den Suchbegriff "Pizza" eingeben. Hier finden Sie weitere Informationen
über Werbung bei Google
und
warum Ihnen bestimmte Werbeanzeigen präsentiert werden
.
Zahlungsinformationen
Wenn Sie Ihrem Google-Konto eine Kreditkarte oder eine andere Zahlungsmethode hinzufügen, können Sie damit in allen unseren Diensten Artikel einkaufen, wie z. B. Apps im Play Store. Unter Umständen bitten wir Sie um weitere Informationen, wie eine Unternehmenssteuernummer, um Ihre Zahlung verarbeiten zu können. In manchen Fällen müssen wir Ihre Identität überprüfen und könnten Sie dafür nach Informationen fragen.
Wir können Zahlungsinformationen auch verwenden, um zu überprüfen, ob Sie die Altersbeschränkungen einhalten. Dies kann beispielsweise der Fall sein, wenn Sie ein falsches Geburtsdatum angegeben haben, das darauf schließen lässt, dass Sie für ein Google-Konto nicht alt genug sind.
Weitere Informationen
Google
Über Google
Datenschutz
Nutzungsbedingungen
Transparenz-Center
Eine Drop‑down-Liste, um die Sprache der Website zu ändern. Jede Option ist der Name einer Sprache. Es gibt insgesamt 65 Optionen.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Sub-policy 6
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 7
https://www.drift.com/privacy-policy/:
Privacy Policies
Privacy Notice
Read More
Platform Privacy Notice
Read More
Data Privacy Framework Privacy Notice
Read More
Edit
Sub-policy 8
https://onesignal.com/privacy:
Javascript must be enabled for the correct page display
Skip to Content
Security and privacy
Customer privacy and data security are important to us and maintaining your trust is one of our highest priorities
View Privacy Policy
Contact Us
SOC 2 is an auditing standard created by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) that sets compliance standards for a company’s security controls. We’re proud to be SOC 2 Type II certified with an unqualified opinion covering controls around security, confidentiality, and privacy. Our SOC 2 Type II report is available by request on our Enterprise Plan.
HIPAA (Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act) guides the way companies handle protected health information (PHI) to ensure proper data security. OneSignal provides a platform to support HIPAA compliance. A Business Associate Agreement (BAA) is available to customers by request on our Enterprise Plan.
The EU-U.S., UK Extension, and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks were designed to provide companies on both sides of the Atlantic with a mechanism to comply with data protection requirements when transferring personal data from the European Union, United Kingdom, and Switzerland to the United States in support of transatlantic commerce.
OneSignal’s Data Privacy Framework Certification is
available on their website
.
In May of 2018, the European Union implemented a law for its citizens called the
General Data Privacy Regulations (GDPR)
. GDPR addresses the transfer of personal data outside the EU and EEA areas.
OneSignal provides the ability for all users to be GDPR compliant, however, you may need to modify your own
privacy policy
to be covered. Also, GDPR requires organizations to have a written, signed agreement to fulfill GDPR data protection obligations, as
explained by Privacy Shield
and summarized at
Supplemental Principle 10
(Obligatory Contracts for Onward Transfers).
The
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
is a state statute that is intended to enhance privacy rights and consumer protection for residents of California in the United States. CCPA provides residents with the right to know and control how their personal data is being used by businesses.
OneSignal provides the ability for all users to be CCPA compliant, however,
you may need to modify your own privacy policy
to be covered.