Total Plus
Privacy
Policy
Last Revised: October 18, 2019
INFORMATION COLLECTED AND ITS USE
Total Plus does not collect any personal information from you.
SHARING OF INFORMATION
In order to serve you, we may share information about your device with other companies, including vendors and contractors. Their use of information is limited, and subject to agreements that require them to keep the information confidential. Our vendors provide assurance that they take reasonable steps to safeguard the data they hold on our behalf, although data security cannot be guaranteed.
                Analytics companies may access anonymous data (such as your IP address or device ID) to help us understand how our services are used. They use this data solely on our behalf. They do not share it except in aggregate form; no data is shared as to any individual user.
                We do not share personally identifiable information (such as name or email) with other companies for marketing purposes.
SECURITY
We take reasonable administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to safeguard and protect your information from unauthorized access or disclosure. This includes utilizing Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts the personal information you input. However, no security or encryption method can be guaranteed to protect information from hackers or human error.
DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
To operate the service, we also may make identifiable and anonymous information available to third parties in these limited circumstances: (1) with your express consent, (2) when we have a good faith belief it is required by law, (3) when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to protect our rights or property, or (4) to any successor or purchaser in a merger, acquisition, liquidation, dissolution or sale of assets. Your consent will not be required for disclosure in these cases, but we will attempt to notify you, to the extent permitted by law to do so.
PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES
We may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we change this privacy policy, we will give you notice by posting the revised privacy policy. Those changes will go into effect on the revision date shown in the revised privacy policy. By continuing to use the app or services, you consent to the revised privacy policy. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
CONTACT
You may contact us about this privacy policy via email at the following address: Email: support@filysalas.com