Javascript is disabled on your browser. Please enable Javascript and refresh this page. For more information visit the following
link.
Close
Pray Always and Everywhere
956
people now in prayer
Go to Prayers
Support us - Donate Now
This is your prayer light
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey, complete your user profile, visit our website or use our apps.
When registering on our site you will be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address or approximate location. You will also be asked questions about your background and faith. These questions may become a condition of membership because we have copyrighted materials for which the owners of the material may require the collection of this aggregated information.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To improve our website
(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To maintain licenses and permissions
Your data will be aggregated with everyone else and you will never be personally identifiable in our data. We will aggregate and report your data in support of maintaining permissions and licenses. We may also display community interest aggregated demographic information for the interest of our membership, but your data will not be identifiable to you personally.
To improve customer service
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems. This sensitive data is never sent to our servers. It is securely sent directly to our payment gateway providers.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to allow you to login once and not have to be remembered from that browser and device if you check the “remember me” checkbox at login.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging into their control panel and going to the ‘Edit Profile’ page.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you indicate your consent to this privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on April 30, 2016.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
https://divineoffice.org
3115 East Lion Lane, #160
Salt Lake City, Utah 84117
United States
support@divineoffice.org
March 8th, 2025
Wednesday in the 6th week of Ordinary Time
Updating Prayers...
Invitatory
Office of Readings
Morning Prayer
Midmorning Prayer
Midday Prayer
Midafternoon Prayer
Evening Prayer
Night Prayer
Intercessory Prayers
Pick a Date
Sun
Mon
Tue
Wed
Thu
Fri
Sat
26
27
28
29
30
31
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
Support us - Donate Now
Intercessory Prayers
From community members for last week
Adina
Heavenly Father, you are good and gracious all the time. I am thankful for You are my rock. Lord, you know my deepest prayer(s). You know the way; you are the way. I pray for your guidance and strength. I pray for my eyes to be opened, and I pray for all those who are asking for prayers here. Amen.
Login to like
Renato Bazi
Please pray for my mother Maria do Socorro, who is fighting cancer. Please, Mary, Mother of God, intercede for her healing. At the same time, I thank God for all the graces in my family's life.
Login to like (12)
gabigale
Our nephew James is living with a chest pain that so far nothing has been revealed that should be causing it. He is to have stress test soon. Please pray this young man finds relief in a diagnosis and a cure. In Jesus’ Holy Name we pray. Amen
Login to like (15)
Sally O Cadiramen
My daughter Jonah and husband Christopher. May they found joy and happiness in their marriage and be spiritually enrich by the Holy Spirit and the life Holy Family, Saints and Holy Angels and Archangels .Praise and Thanks Jesus, Mary and Joseph.
Login to like (20)
Paula Rose Parish
Please pray for Aaron; he is a vehement hater of the Catholic Church - like St Paul. Pray for the salvation. Thank you
Login to like (22)
Fred Theobald
For Pope Francis.
Login to like (27)
David Teegarden
Prayers-Fr Mark,Fr Richard,Fr Jesus,Fr David,Fr Jerry,Fr Pat,Fr Ted,Fr Earl,Fr Mike,Fr Joe,Fr Chris,Fr D, Fr Austin,Fr Marion,dcns-Manuel,Manny,Gary,Will,Ernie,Glenn,Sister Paulea Healing-Miguel,Missy,Diane,Patti,Kathy R,Joe V,Joan,Larry,Katy,Krystal,Sophie,Jackie,Joe R,Barbara, Otto,Luke,Jake,Ruth,
Login to like (25)
David Teegarden
Pray for the repose of the souls of Msgr Philip,Msgr Kirk,Fr Neil,Fr Eric,Fr Arnold,Fr John,Dcn Mac, Sister Anne-Elizabeth,Sister Katherine, Sister Sarah,Bill,John.Ed,James,Bud,Shawn,Rock,Steve,Archie,Donna,Judy,Billy,Shirley,Elena,my uncle, my aunt,Carol,Charlotte,Chelsey, May they rest in peace
Login to like (23)
Patricia Jones
Special prayers for healing for my brother. That God will heal him of his cancer or stop it from spreading, giving him more time with his family. JMJ pray for us.
Login to like (26)
Stephen John
The Psalms can give path to anyone’s life journey. Prayer lets God permeate our lives. Want to know God, discover the Psalms and become disciplined in prayer.
Login to like (28)
Lisa Cunningham
Abba Father, we pray that Pope Francis will be healed from his lung illness. May You be glorified through the Holy Father. In Jesus' name we pray, amen! Alleluia.
Login to like (32)
Beatrix-Ann
For dear Brian, May through the intercession of our Blessed Mother Mary our Holy Lady, and all the Saints, may the holy hand of our Lord Jesus come over Brian and heal him. Amen
Login to like (33)
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
1/12
Who's in your heart today?
Join now to post your own prayer request it's FREE. We are a Catholic organization
Join the community
Office for the Dead
Pray for the repose of the soul
A prayer cycle of the Liturgy of the Hours in the Roman Catholic Church, said for the repose of the soul of a deceased individual or individuals. It is the proper reading on All Souls’ Day (normally November 2) for all souls in Purgatory, and can be a votive office on other days when said for a particular deceased.
GO TO THE OFFICE OF THE DEAD
Contribute to DivineOffice.org
Your contribution ensures this site will be around
                    to serve thousands who use it daily to pray.
Contribute Monthly
A monthly recurring payment is not required, but your support ensures this site will be around to serve thousands who use it daily to pray.
        You can select the amount of your monthly contribution below, or you can select "custom amount" and set it in the next page.
Donate $2.50 USD monthly
Donate $5.00 USD monthly
Donate $10 USD monthly
Donate $15 USD monthly
Donate $20 USD monthly
Donate $25 USD monthly
Donate $50 USD monthly
Donate $75 USD monthly
Donate $100 USD monthly
Custom Amount
Donate Monthly
Contribute One-Time
If you prefer not to commit to a monthly contribution right now, please consider a one-time contribution.
        You will be able to set any amount in the next page.
Donate One-Time
Having trouble with this form?
You can also contribute through
PayPal from this page
, or you can
mail a check
.
Divine Office Blog
News and Updates from our ministry
Announcement: Outcome of Server Migration
Mauro
on January 22nd, 2025at 13:00
Dear Brothers and Sisters in Christ, Recently we have migrated to a new internet service provider. Our previous hosting solution has served us well but our community expanded, so we’ve outgrown it. Upscaling with our...
Continue reading
Login to like (26)
Divine Office Is Now on Instagram, Threads, and YouTube!
Mauro
on December 11th, 2024at 13:00
Dear Brothers and Sisters in Christ, We are delighted to share some exciting updates about how Divine Office is reaching new audiences and deepening connections within our prayer community. As part of our mission to...
Continue reading
Login to like (18)
A Note to Our Community: Freeing up space for prayer
Mauro
on October 11th, 2024at 7:20
Thank you everyone for your feedback, it allowed us to see what needs to be fixed or changed. We recently became aware, thanks to feedback from our visually impaired users, that zooming in on a...
Continue reading
Login to like (7)
Enhancing Your Divine Office Experience: Upcoming Improvements and Features
Mauro
on September 19th, 2024at 6:21
“For where two or three are gathered together in my name, there am I in the midst of them.” — Matthew 18:20 Dear Brothers and Sisters in Christ, We are happy to announce new features...
Continue reading
Login to like (13)
VISIT OUR BLOG
Get our Award-winning Catholic Apps
Liturgy Of The Hours by DivineOffice.org App
2000+ Catholic Prayers in 4 Languages
Catholicpedia: the 1920s Catholic Encyclopedia at your fingertips
Liturgy of the Hours Podcast – Subscribe
Apple Podcasts
Spotify
YouTube
RSS Feed
Catholic Resources
Daily Mass Readings (USCCB)
Catholic Bible (NABRE)
Pray the Rosary
Our Newsletter
Join the DivineOffice newsletter to receive news and updates.
Get the DivineOffice App!
Pray always and everywhere with our Award-Winning Liturgy of the Hours app for iPhone, iPad, Android and Kindle Fire. NOW FREE!
Ratings and Reviews
Our DivineOffice app is rated 4.9 out of 5, based on over 2,400 ratings and won the About.com Best Catholic App Award for 3 years in a row.
Super helpful
I have only been introduced to the divine office prayers two times before I downloaded this app. It is laid out in a way that is very easy to understand, and there is an audio option that will say all of the prayers. There is an option to set reminders throughout the day. I got this because, I didn’t really know how to say the divine office, and I didn’t know what prayer books I needed to purchase to begin. During the shutting down of churches for covid :( this has been a wonderful resource. One cool feature is that you can tap on the “in prayer” link and see little specks of light around the globe lighting up in the area that someone else is praying. It’s so cool to see everyone praying with you and is a powerful reminder that we are all connected and unified in Christ’s mystical body.
tori6543588
on May 5, 2020
Praying with the whole Church
I love this app! Since it is now free and no longer for sale, I made sure to donate the price of buying it, and then some. I have loved the Liturgy of the Hours for 25 years. But I always felt alone when I prayed it. With this app, I am connected to others! I use it in conjunction with my printed Christian Prayer volume. On other days, I cannot get to my book but with the app, I always have the prayers available. I have the printed calendar with my book, but I actually rely on this more for placing my ribbons. The audio is wonderful!! I often read out loud with it. I love that I can change the speed of the audio! I have found that 1.3 is good for me. Thank you, thank you, thank you for this app. Thank you for still supporting it. Thank you for updating the “one God,” to just “God” change in the prayers. My book still throws me off but your app is right! Highly recommend this. Many friends have it. THANK YOU!!
MommytoNFP2
on June 12, 2022
Pray anywhere
I have prayed the Divine Office for many years. [...] When I discovered this app, all of my concerns of ribbon placement were gone. Having the Divine Office on my phone is absolutely the best thing ever! The sense of community is so wonderful as I see how many others are praying at the same time as myself. [...] Now I don’t need to turn a lamp on as I use to when I used the Office printed volumes. It is such a blessing to have the Divine Office in my pocket. Many times I’ve been sitting in a doctor’s waiting room at the time of Mid Morning prayer. It is so calming of any worries to pull out my phone, open the app, and be able to connect with Our Lord at those times I need Him most. I don’t use the audio version much but the few times I’ve traveled, it is so comforting to not have to skip the Office in order to keep my hands on the steering wheel and my eyes in the road. I recommend this app to friends all the time, especially to those who’d like to pray the Office but feel intimidated by the size of the printed version and getting the ribbons placed properly. Thank you for developing this app. It is my constant companion.
SheezyOC
on October 13, 2021
Super helpful
I have only been introduced to the divine office prayers two times before I downloaded this app. It is laid out in a way that is very easy to understand, and there is an audio option that will say all of the prayers. There is an option to set reminders throughout the day. I got this because, I didn’t really know how to say the divine office, and I didn’t know what prayer books I needed to purchase to begin. During the shutting down of churches for covid :( this has been a wonderful resource. One cool feature is that you can tap on the “in prayer” link and see little specks of light around the globe lighting up in the area that someone else is praying. It’s so cool to see everyone praying with you and is a powerful reminder that we are all connected and unified in Christ’s mystical body.
tori6543588
on May 5, 2020
Praying with the whole Church
I love this app! Since it is now free and no longer for sale, I made sure to donate the price of buying it, and then some. I have loved the Liturgy of the Hours for 25 years. But I always felt alone when I prayed it. With this app, I am connected to others! I use it in conjunction with my printed Christian Prayer volume. On other days, I cannot get to my book but with the app, I always have the prayers available. I have the printed calendar with my book, but I actually rely on this more for placing my ribbons. The audio is wonderful!! I often read out loud with it. I love that I can change the speed of the audio! I have found that 1.3 is good for me. Thank you, thank you, thank you for this app. Thank you for still supporting it. Thank you for updating the “one God,” to just “God” change in the prayers. My book still throws me off but your app is right! Highly recommend this. Many friends have it. THANK YOU!!
MommytoNFP2
on June 12, 2022
Pray anywhere
I have prayed the Divine Office for many years. [...] When I discovered this app, all of my concerns of ribbon placement were gone. Having the Divine Office on my phone is absolutely the best thing ever! The sense of community is so wonderful as I see how many others are praying at the same time as myself. [...] Now I don’t need to turn a lamp on as I use to when I used the Office printed volumes. It is such a blessing to have the Divine Office in my pocket. Many times I’ve been sitting in a doctor’s waiting room at the time of Mid Morning prayer. It is so calming of any worries to pull out my phone, open the app, and be able to connect with Our Lord at those times I need Him most. I don’t use the audio version much but the few times I’ve traveled, it is so comforting to not have to skip the Office in order to keep my hands on the steering wheel and my eyes in the road. I recommend this app to friends all the time, especially to those who’d like to pray the Office but feel intimidated by the size of the printed version and getting the ribbons placed properly. Thank you for developing this app. It is my constant companion.
SheezyOC
on October 13, 2021
Super helpful
I have only been introduced to the divine office prayers two times before I downloaded this app. It is laid out in a way that is very easy to understand, and there is an audio option that will say all of the prayers. There is an option to set reminders throughout the day. I got this because, I didn’t really know how to say the divine office, and I didn’t know what prayer books I needed to purchase to begin. During the shutting down of churches for covid :( this has been a wonderful resource. One cool feature is that you can tap on the “in prayer” link and see little specks of light around the globe lighting up in the area that someone else is praying. It’s so cool to see everyone praying with you and is a powerful reminder that we are all connected and unified in Christ’s mystical body.
tori6543588
on May 5, 2020
Praying with the whole Church
I love this app! Since it is now free and no longer for sale, I made sure to donate the price of buying it, and then some. I have loved the Liturgy of the Hours for 25 years. But I always felt alone when I prayed it. With this app, I am connected to others! I use it in conjunction with my printed Christian Prayer volume. On other days, I cannot get to my book but with the app, I always have the prayers available. I have the printed calendar with my book, but I actually rely on this more for placing my ribbons. The audio is wonderful!! I often read out loud with it. I love that I can change the speed of the audio! I have found that 1.3 is good for me. Thank you, thank you, thank you for this app. Thank you for still supporting it. Thank you for updating the “one God,” to just “God” change in the prayers. My book still throws me off but your app is right! Highly recommend this. Many friends have it. THANK YOU!!
MommytoNFP2
on June 12, 2022
Recommended Books
Support us by starting your amazon shopping by clicking on
this link
.
MORE PRODUCTS
Christian Prayer
This handy one-volume edition simplifies praying the Liturgy of the Hours.
$39.99
Get my discount
Liturgy of the Hours
Complete 4 Volumes Set
$149.99
Get my discount
Liturgy of the Hours Volume II
Lent and Easter
$39.99
GET MY DISCOUNT
MORE PRODUCTS
Close
Sign In
Divine Office is a free website sustained by
                    donations.
Registration is only necessary for new members to post comments and prayer intentions.
Don't have an account?
SIGN UP
EMAIL OR USERNAME
PASSWORD
Remember me
LOG IN
Forgot password
Don't have an account?
SIGN UP
Close
Register
Divine Office is a free website sustained by
                donations.
Registration is only necessary for new members to post comments and prayer intentions.
Your password will be generated automatically and emailed to
                the address you
                specify above.
EMAIL ADDRESS*
FIRST NAME*
LAST NAME*
I agree to the privacy policy and terms of use
SIGN UP
Already a Member? Login now
Already have an account?
LOG IN
Share
Are you sure?
You will be redirected to the page you were before entering the fullscreen mode.
Yes, Exit full screen mode
No
Dismiss Full-Screen
Are you sure?
Yes
Exit the full-screen mode
No
Stay in the full-screen mode
Close
Join us in Prayer
We'd want to show your Prayer Light on our 3D spinning globe, so you can join thousands of others in prayer around the world.
                    Please share your location anonymously to be a part of our global prayer community.
Learn more
Your privacy is important to us. Your location will only be used to display your Prayer Light and is not associated with you in any way.
Share My Location
Not Now
Don't ask again
Prayers
Community
Globe
Donate
Join
Login
More
Cancel