Stay Alive App - Privacy Policy
Last updated - November 2023
Please read this privacy policy carefully before using the Stay Alive mobile application.
The purpose of this policy is to provide you, as a user of our app Stay Alive, with information about:
1) The type of data we collect
2) What we do with your data.
Grassroots Suicide Prevention is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
Grassroots Suicide Prevention is a registered charity (number 1149873) and a company limited by guarantee (5687263).  Our registered address is: Community Base, 113 Queens Road, Brighton, BN1 3XG.  Our lead for data protection is: Alex Harvey -
app@prevent-suicide.org.uk
The Stay Alive App has two Data Controllers:
Grassroots Suicide Prevention
Switchplane
: Switchplane is a private limited company (04840582), registered address: Preston Park House, South Road, Brighton, United Kingdom, BN1 6SB
Scope of Policy
This policy sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
This policy as set out at https://www.stayalive.app/privacy/ applies to your use of:
All Stay Alive applications  (App) hosted on
https://www.stayalive.app/privacy/
(App Site(s)) with which you have not been asked to agree to a separate Privacy Policy; collectively referred to as (App(s)), once you have downloaded or streamed a copy of the App onto your mobile telephone, tablet, handheld device or computer (Device)
Any of the services accessible through the App(s) or any website services provided by Grassroots Suicide prevention (Services) that are available on the App Site(s) or other websites of Ours (Services Site(s)), unless the Website Terms and Conditions states that a separate privacy policy applies to a particular Service, in which case that privacy policy only applies.
The information we collect
If you are using our app you will have the opportunity to provide information which relates to your situation, and techniques and practices which may support you in a crisis or to support someone else. We recognise that this information may be sensitive to you, we commit to protecting this data in order to protect you.
The app allows the user to input some sensitive information. The only information that is collected is detailed below. We collect this information so that you can use the app to support your mental health.
The following information is collected within the app:
Safety Plan
Warning signs that you may be struggling.
The name of the person to talk to when feeling suicidal or in crisis.
The name of the person or service to seek help from when feeling suicidal or in crisis.
How you will calm yourself when feeling suicidal or in crisis.
The name of a safe place you will go to when feeling suicidal or in crisis.
Ideas for staying safe when feeling suicidal or in crisis.
Reasons for Living
The user may select from a set of research based reasons that are shipped with the app.
The user may enter their own reasons.
LifeBox
Photos, videos, audio files, and other miscellaneous  documents can be stored in the LifeBox gallery. These can be imported from the device, or new photos and videos can be taken with the device’s camera.
My Contacts
A list of contacts (their name, phone number, or other relevant details) that the user has selected specifically for contacting in an emergency. The actual contact data is stored by the underlying operating system’s “Contacts” app.
Wellness Plan
The user can enter:
Things that support their wellbeing (e.g. exercise, meditation)
The names of people (e.g. friends, family) that inspire them.
Things they would like to try to support their wellness (e.g. breathing exercises).
Custom Resources
The app ships with built in resources (e.g. contact details for Samaritans). The user can add their own resources if they do not ship with the app. The user can enter the following data about the resource: Name, Description, Phone Number, SMS Number, Email Address, Web Address.
Login Details
In order to sync the phone app and the web app users can choose to create a login, or use their existing Google or Facebook login information. The following information is collected when creating, or using an existing login:
Name
Email Address
Stay Alive Password (this is NOT your Google or Facebook password)
Suggest a Provider or Update
The user is able to anonymously send a message to suggest a provider or update to the Find Help Now section. The user is able to optionally include their:
Email Address
Legal basis for using your information
We are only allowed to use your personal information when certain conditions apply. We typically rely on the following conditions:
Requiring your personal information because we need to use it in order to fulfil a contract. For example, requiring your email address in order for you to create an account on Stay Alive.
Sensitive Personal Information
Data Protection Law recognises that some categories of personal information are more sensitive. If you contact us via email or leave your email address when suggesting a provider or update to Find Help Now through the Stay Alive web-app, you may include details of a sensitive nature.
We will only use this information:
For the purposes of dealing with your enquiry or suggestion
Quality monitoring
Evaluating the services we provide
How long we hold your information for
We only collect minimum data items that are necessary for the use of the Stay Alive app and keep them for as long as is reasonable and necessary for the relevant activity, which may be to fulfil statutory obligations.
Analytics
The app uses Google Firebase Analytics to collect anonymous usage data such as which app pages are being viewed, the length of page views, crash logs, diagnostics, and other app performance data. No personally identifiable information is collected. We use this general, aggregated, non-personal data for important and ethically acceptable purposes, such as conducting fully anonymised academic research.
We are fully compliant with international data management standards and do not send any data outside to the European Economic Area (EEA).
Cookies
The website uses cookies to provide you with a good browsing experience. For more information, please see our
Cookies Policy
.
Data Storage and Transfer
The app stores data on the device it is entered into - e.g. your phone.
If the user has an account, the data stored on their device is synchronised to the web app. Data is encrypted, and transferred and stored securely.
Anonymous usage data is transmitted to Google Firebase Analytics data, which is transmitted securely using Transport Layer Security (TLS) to that service).
Data stored on the device is secured by the device/operating system. Please keep your device up-to-date and regularly check for software updates.
Password Management
Before downloading Stay Alive we advise users to set up basic password management on their devices. Examples of basic password management are: a screen lock or passcode.
For users of Apple devices you can learn more about protecting your device with a passcode
here
.
For users of Android users you can learn more about setting a screen lock
here
.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
We will at all times comply with the requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) 2018, including ensuring that there are appropriate technological and operational procedures in place to protect your information and that of other users.
Children and Young People
Stay Alive can be used by children and young people. Stay Alive is a preventive service therefore we are exempt from needing parental consent for any age of a child.
Learn more
.
Third-party advertisers and links to other websites
The Stay Alive app includes links to third-party websites. We do not provide any personally identifiable user information to these third-party websites.
Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information that we collect on this Service.
All guidance and information within the app are reviewed and updated every 6-months to check all resources are updated and links are in working order.
Location Information
We do not use GPS technology to determine your current location.
Changes to our privacy policy
We reserve the right to alter our Privacy Policy at any time. We will notify you of any alterations with reasonable notice through the service, such as by posting it on our website, by newsletter, or otherwise. When we post changes to this Privacy Policy, we will revise the "Last Updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy and the revised Privacy Policy will come into effect on the date it was posted to our site or our app or as otherwise notified by us. We recommend that you check this page from time to time to inform yourself of any changes in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the altered privacy policy or change in the purpose of data collection, you may stop using our Services.
Data Breaches
We will report any unlawful data breach of the app's database or the database(s) of any of our third-party data processors to any and all relevant persons and authorities within 72 hours of being aware of the breach if it is apparent that personal data stored in an identifiable manner has been stolen.
If you have any questions or concerns about the Privacy Policy or data processing or if you would like to make a complaint about a possible breach of local privacy laws, please contact us at
app@prevent-suicide.org.uk
.
Deleting your data
You are able to delete your data directly from in the app. If you did not create an account, the data is removed completely. If you created an account, you can delete your data entirely by logging into your account at stayalive.app and pressing the delete account button – this then gives you 24 hours in case you change your mind, before deleting entirely.
If you need more details
You can find out more about the personal information we hold about you and request us to delete it at any point. You can do this by contacting
app@prevent-suicide.org.uk
. You can also write to Grassroots Suicide Prevention, Community Base, 113 Queens Road, Brighton, BN1 3XG.
We will endeavour to respond as quickly as possible to any requests, and this will be no later than one calendar month from the day we receive a request.