Data Controller Information
At The Ocean Race 1973 S.L.U (hereinafter, "The Ocean Race"), we are concerned to protect your Personal Data and to process them in a lawful and transparent manner. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to provide our current, former and potential users (jointly referred to as "users" or "you") with detailed information about how we process your Personal Data.
Who we are?
We inform you that your Personal Data will be processed by The Ocean Race, with VAT number: B76239177 and address at Muelle 10 de Levante, Puerto de Alicante, 03001 Alicante, Spain, acting in its capacity of data controller, for the purposes described hereinafter.
For what purpose and under which legitimate basis do we process your Personal Data?
You are informed that all Personal Data collected or requested by The Ocean Race are necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy and not providing them would imply the impossibility of contacting you or managing the request made to The Ocean Race.
By providing your data to The Ocean Race, you guarantee the accuracy of the Personal Data provided, who may periodically request to review and update the Personal Data stored about you.
More specifically, the different purposes of the processing of your Personal Data are described below, as well as the legitimate basis that cover the processing.
Purpose
Additional information
Legitimate basis (which may differ depending in the processing)
Management of your participation in events organised by The Ocean Race
Among others and without limitation, the processing of Personal Data that The Ocean Race may carry out with your Personal Data for this specific purpose are:
- Organisation and implementation of training activities.
- Management of registrations (Crew members, media, etc.) in races and related events.
- Management of guest data for visits and recreational activities (events, boat trips, trips...).
- Management of their participation in the different conferences and Summits organised by The Ocean Race.
- Execution of all the necessary procedures to manage your participation in the event and guarantee the safety of our participants at all times.
Performance of the contractual and pre-contractual relationship (management of the participation in the related events).
Consent (data collected from minors).
Vital interest of the data subject (in relation to the processing of event participants' health data, where necessary).
Public interest (in relation to those processing operations (e.g. video surveillance) which are necessary to preserve the security of the even­­ts).
­­­­Maintenance of the entity's different information systems: (concession of licenses, sign-ins, sign-outs of the systems, implementation of security measures, etc.)
Specifically, among other processing operations, we carry out the maintenance and support of the use of the website, as well as the registration and deregistration of The Ocean Race information systems. Likewise, we maintain the security of our network and information.
Maintenance of the contractual and pre-contractual relationship for the process of sign-ins, sign-outs and modifications in the framework of the information systems.
The Ocean Race's legitimate interest in correctly maintaining and improving the company's computer systems and preserving its security.
Manage the data of all individuals that access to the website through the cookies and pixels that will be placed on their devices.
To manage the user's web browsing. Processing of data to facilitate access and navigation through our digital media. For example, to offer you the version of the website that best suits the device used.
Legitimate interest of The Ocean Race in the use of users' Personal Data strictly necessary to ensure the proper functioning of the website and a proper user experience.
Consent in relation to the processing of Personal Data that is not strictly necessary for the correct functioning of the website (behavioral analysis, advertising, etc.).
For more information, please see our Cookies Policy.
Manage advertising mailings that may be of interest to customers, potential customers and contact persons (newsletter, promotional campaigns...).
Sending commercial and/or advertising communications, such as Newsletters, by any channel, including electronic communications related to products or services similar to those already consumed or contracted with The Ocean Race.
Sending communications about The Ocean Race or other third party´s products or services not related to those contracted with The Ocean Race.
Legitimate interest* for communications sent to sponsors, and other contact persons representing legal entities (stakeholders) of The Ocean Race, offering commercial information about our products and services.
The express consent of the user to receive third party commercial communications not related to the products and services contracted with The Ocean Race or about third parties.
Management of information requests, legal claims, attendance to the exercise of rights, legal advice, etc.
Resolve any question that may arise to users about our products and/or services, providing the corresponding information.
To deal with your complaint or request in accordance with the quality standards required to an entity like The Ocean Race.
The legitimate interest* of The Ocean Race in providing a customer service appropriate to the needs of its customers and potential customers, within the framework of receiving requests through social networks, forms, etc.
Performance of the contractual and pre-contractual relationship.
*We inform you that we are concerned about your privacy and, in this regard, we have made the appropriate balancing tests in order to verify that your interests and fundamental rights do not override ours before applying the legitimate interest as lawful basis at the time of processing your Personal Data set out in this section. If you do not agree to any of the uses of your data mentioned in this section, you can object by following the steps described in the "Your data protection rights" section.
Which recipients may receive your Personal Data?
The Personal Data you provide to The Ocean Race may be communicated to third parties to whom The Ocean Race is obliged to provide information, such as public authorities, for the purpose of complying with the requirements of those authorities and applicable regulations, if necessary. Communications are also made to one of The Ocean Race's group companies, Atlant Ocean Racing AB, based on The Ocean Race's legitimate interest for internal administrative purposes.
Your Personal Data may also be processed by other third companies on our behalf in the context of their provision of services, following our instructions and in accordance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. Such suppliers are not authorized to use or communicate your personal information, unless it is necessary to provide the services on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements.
International Data Transfers
The Ocean Race may transfer your Personal Data to recipients located in countries outside the European Economic Area that may have different data protection laws. This includes countries that the EU Commission considers do not have an adequate level of protection for Personal Data. If this occurs, The Ocean Race will ensure that there are legal grounds for the transfer in accordance with the applicable data protection legislation. You will also be informed about the legal grounds, which safeguards were applied and where you can obtain a copy of these safeguards.
How long will we keep your data?
Data retention periods will be determined according to the duration of your relationship with The Ocean Race and the periods established by law. In this regard, the criteria adopted by The Ocean Race to set the retention periods of your data have been determined in accordance with the requirements established in the applicable legislation, regulations and normative guidelines, as well as the operational requirements of The Ocean Race related to the correct management of the existing relationship with the different data subject categories.
In this regard, your data will be stored for as long as you do not revoke the consent given or maintain any commercial or contractual relationship with The Ocean Race.
Once the relationship has finished, your Personal Data will be deleted as soon as all the necessary measures have been taken to manage and terminate any remaining obligations between the parties, carrying out all the necessary administrative procedures during this period, except in those cases in which you have given us your express consent to send you commercial communications, in which case your data will be kept until you express your objection.
Notwithstanding the above, your data will be kept duly blocked, as long as responsibilities may arise from the execution of our contractual or pre-contractual relationship, as well as for the fulfilment of other legal obligations of The Ocean Race.
In this regard, The Ocean Race guarantees that we will not process the data unless it is necessary for the formulation, exercise or defence of claims or when it is required to provide them to the Public Administration, Judges and Courts during the period of limitation of your legal rights or obligations.
Your data protection rights
You may contact The Ocean Race whenever you wish, and you may exercise your rights of access, rectification, erasure, limitation, opposition, as well as the right to the portability of your data and to not be subject to automated decisions, by sending a request to The Ocean Race 1973 S.L.U., Muelle nº 10 de Levante, Puerto de Alicante 03001 Alicante - Spain or by email to the following address: legal@theoceanrace.com. For the correct resolution of the aforementioned rights, a copy of your Identity Document must be included in the request.
You are also informed that you may revoke the consent provided at any time by contacting The Ocean Race at the aforementioned address or email address. Finally, in the event that you would like more information about your data protection rights or need to make a claim, you can contact the Spanish Data Protection Agency, located at Calle Jorge Juan, 6, 28001, Madrid, in order to safeguard your rights (
www.aepd.es
).
Security
The Ocean Race has appropriate policies and technical and organisational measures in place to safeguard and protect your Personal Data against unlawful or unauthorised access, accidental loss or destruction, damage, unlawful or unauthorised use and disclosure. We will also take all reasonable precautions to ensure that our staff and employees that have access to your Personal Data have received appropriate training.
In any event, you are advised that any transmission of data over the Internet is not completely secure and, as such, is done at your own risk. Although we will do our best to protect your Personal Data, The Ocean Race does not guarantee the security of Personal Data transmitted through our Website.
Updates in our Privacy Policy?
Privacy laws and practices are constantly evolving. Our policies and procedures are therefore subject to regular review. We may update our privacy policy from time to time. Any such changes will be posted on this page. Please check back regularly for updates or changes to our Privacy Policy.
Contact with The Ocean Race
If you have any questions or concerns regarding the processing of your Personal Data you may write to our Data Protection Officer at Muelle nº 10 de Levante, Puerto de Alicante 03001 Alicante - Spain at the following email address:
legal@theoceanrace.com
Last update: May 2021
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.theoceanrace.com/en/privacy-notices:
Personal Data notice
This notice provides information about the processing of your personal data by the The Ocean Race, where the company to which you apply for a job and/or the The Ocean Race recruitment department is/are the personal data controller(s).
The Ocean Race needs to process personal data about you to administrate your user profile account and/or to administrate your application for a position at the The Ocean Race.
Identity and contact details of the controller and data protection officer
This notice provides information on The Ocean Race’s processing of your personal data. The Ocean Race is responsible for the processing of your personal data under applicable data protection laws and regulations.
If you have questions regarding the processing of your personal data, please contact The Ocean Race’s data protection officer at
legal@theoceanrace.com
What categories of personal data will The Ocean Race process?
The Ocean Race will process all or part of the following categories of personal data.
- Individual data, such as name, date of birth, gender, nationality, preferred language, photo
- Contact data, such as home address, email, telephone number
- Health data, such as results from health examinations, drug test results (if applicable)
- Competence data, such as CV, learning records and training activities
It is specifically noted that health data, if applicable, is regarded as a special category data under the applicable data protection laws and shall be handled with extra care.
Legal basis and purposes of the processing
The Ocean Race will process personal data concerning you for 1) administrative purposes, such as enabling administration and assessment of your application and enabling setting-up and administration of your user account; and 2) for recruitment purposes, where the purpose is to find the right candidate for the vacant position at hand. The legal basis for the processing of personal data for purposes 1 and 2 above is that it is a legitimate interest of The Ocean Race to have an organized system for administrating candidates for a position and to carry out recruitment operations that ensures and maintains a skilled workforce within The Ocean Race.
In the balancing of interests between The Ocean Race’s legitimate interests above and your interests and fundamental rights and freedoms, it has been taken into consideration that a recruitment process necessarily includes processing of personal data, and that candidate understands and accepts this when submitting a job application to The Ocean Race. The Ocean Race would not be able to achieve its legitimate interests outlined above without processing personal data regarding the applicant. The Ocean Race treats the personal data obtained with respect and in compliance with The Ocean Race’s retention and access rights principles. No other information than what is necessary for the recruitment is processed by The Ocean Race, and the personal data will not be used for any new purposes in the future unless you consent to it. Therefore, The Ocean Race finds its processing of personal data relating to you compatible with the interest you have shown to become an employee of The Ocean Race, and that The Ocean Race’s processing of personal data relating to you does not constitute an infringement of your rights and freedoms.
In exceptional cases and only when no other legal ground can be applied, The Ocean Race may ask for your consent to process your personal data. If consent is used, you may withdraw your consent at any time, which will however not affect the lawfulness of the processing based on consent before its withdrawal. To withdraw you consent, please contact
legal@theoceanrace.com
.
From where will The Ocean Race obtain your personal data?
The Ocean Race will primarily obtain personal data concerning you from yourself, or from other third parties to whom you have directed us to obtain the personal data.
What happens if you do not provide The Ocean Race with any personal data?
Personal data is a requirement and necessity for processing your application, which cannot be considered by The Ocean Race unless you provide the required personal data.
How will The Ocean Race share your personal data? Will it be transferred outside the EU/EEA?
The Ocean Race will not share your personal data with anyone outside of The Ocean Race, unless required by law or regulations. The Ocean Race may also, if necessary to fulfill the purpose for processing the personal data, share your personal data with third party suppliers, including suppliers outside of EU/EEA.
The Ocean Race will secure that there are appropriate safeguards in place which provide adequate levels of protection of your personal data as required by applicable data protection laws. For example, this may include the use of intercompany or external data processing agreements based on EU approved Standard Contractual Clauses or EU-US Privacy Shield or such other mechanisms as have been recognized or approved by the relevant authorities from time to time. If you have questions about the transfer, please contact us at
legal@theoceanrace.com
For how long will The Ocean Race keep your personal data?
Until the recruitment process has been concluded, and two (2) years thereafter (or longer depending on applicable employment legislation) in case of a possible dispute (e.g. on grounds for discrimination). If consent has been given to store personal data for future recruitment needs, it will be stored until a future recruitment of the applicant is no longer relevant and/or until such consent has been withdrawn.
Your data protection rights
You have the right to request information from The Ocean Race about the personal data processed about you, and access to such personal data. You also have a right to request rectification of your personal data if this is incorrect and request erasure of your personal data. Further, you have a right to request restriction of the processing of your personal data meaning that you request The Ocean Race to limit its processing of your personal data under certain circumstances. There is also a right for you to object to the processing based on legitimate interest or processing for direct marketing. You have as well the right to data portability (transfer of your personal data to another controller) if The Ocean Race’s processing if your personal data is based on consent or contractual obligation and is automated. You also have the right to lodge any complaints you may have regarding The Ocean Race’s processing of your personal data to a supervisory authority. For more information about these rights and how to exercise them, please contact us at
legal@theoceanrace.com
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Cookies Policy One Blue Voice
Contact Us
Terms and Conditions
Participate and Win - Terms of Participation
Recruitment Privacy Notice
🍪
Cookies & Privacy Policy
We use cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
ACCEPT
all cookies or
CONFIGURE
them below:
Check our Cookies Policy
Select which cookies you want to accept
Essential
Analytics
Marketing
Accept all
Customise