Privacy Policy
ONE App Ltd. takes the privacy of our customers and users seriously. We recognize that privacy is an important issue, so we design and operate our services with the protection of your privacy in mind. This Privacy Policy explains what kind of information we collect, use, and the security of your information in relation to our mobile services. By using our services, you consent to this privacy policy.
1.How we protect your information
Our primary purpose is to provide you with a safe, smooth, efficient, and customized experience. We may collect non-personal identification information about you, including information in the following categories:
1). Collect None of Your Personal Information
We do not collect any Personal Information through RainbowKey app. Personal Information includes your name, physical address, social numbers, email address and geographic location information. We never collect any language Modeling Data with your name, phone number, email address and any other personal identifier. Language Modeling Data such as common phrases or words that you use when typing with our app.
2). Non-Personal Information Collected
We collect Non-Personal Information. "Non-Personal Information" is information that does not identify you or any other individual, and includes Session and Usage Data, Log Data and Aggregate Information.
2.Data and usage
Generally we may use Non-Personal information and message data for internal purposes only, such as to notify you of new products or services, and for promotion and marketing purposes. We do not combine Non-Personal Information with Personal Information.
We do not disclose your information to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes, unless you first affirmatively agree to that disclosure.
What information we use and how we use it:
1). Find accounts on the device
RainbowKey does not recognize or save users' account information for any programs. We use this permission to read email when you send feedback to us so that we can contact you when problem solved.
2). Precise location (GPS and network-based) and Approximate location (network-based)
This permission allows RainbowKey to provide local weather information for users. We will never upload any users’ location information.
3). Read your contacts
RainbowKey does not recognize or save users' contacts information for any programs. The only purpose using this permission is to help users type the contacts quickly with the contact predication feature. We will never upload any users’ contacts information.
4). Read phone status and identity
The only purpose using this permission is to identify different users. Phone status and identity are not read for any other purposes.
8). Control vibration
This permission allows RainbowKey to make the phone vibrate once after users set the device on vibrate.
9). Run at startup
RainbowKey runs as startup to provide users with keyboard services.
10). Toggle sync on and off
This permission allows RainbowKey to synchronize with users’ sync settings.
11). Read sync settings
This permission allows RainbowKey to recognize whether sync settings are turned on or off.
12). Retrieve running apps
This permission allows the Boost widget to view the running apps.
13). Install shortcuts
This permission allows RainbowKey to install shortcuts on home screen, so users can use RainbowKey related functions in other launchers.
14). Pair with Bluetooth devices
This permission is used in RainbowKey settings in order to pair with Bluetooth devices.
15). Access Bluetooth settings
This permission is used in RainbowKey settings in order to turn on and off the Bluetooth.
16). Connect and disconnect from Wi-Fi
This permission is used in RainbowKey settings in order to connect and disconnect from Wi-Fi.
17). Full network access and receive data from Internet
This permission allows RainbowKey to access the device’s network for functions.
18). Change network connectivity
This permission is used in RainbowKey settings and notification toolbar in order to change network connectivity.
19). View network connections
This permission is used in RainbowKey settings in order to view network connections.
20). View Wi-Fi connections
This permission is used in RainbowKey settings in order to view Wi-Fi connections.
22). Prevent phone from sleeping
The only purpose using this permission is to prevent the phone from going to sleep when you are playing videos in full screen mode. It is not used for any other purposes.
23). Accessibility
This permission allows RainbowKey to set up keyboard quickly. This is only used to speed up the setting process and no relative information will be uploaded.
24).Directly call phone numbers & read phone status and identity & reroute outgoing calls
25).RainbowKey provides a smart prediction technology by learning the way you input. Upon the first installation, an access to your SMS/MMS message is required to establish a base for your personalized language model.
This permission allows RainbowKey to inform you when receiving phone calls. This won’t result in unexpected fees and calls. RainbowKey won’t upload your privacy information.
3.Third-party keyboard warnings
When you allow full access in the settings under add new keyboard tab, you will encounter a warning message stating "full access allows the developer to transmit anything you type, including things you have previously typed with this keyboard. This could include sensitive information such as your credit card number or street address."
RainbowKey are designed Not to receive, store or transmit any such sensitive data.
4.Information security
RainbowKey is very concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We do not collect Personal Information, and we employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your Non-Personal Information from unauthorized access and use. Please be aware that no security measures that we take to protect your information is absolutely guaranteed to avoid unauthorized access or use of your Non-Personal Information or is impenetrable.
5.Compliance with laws and law enforcement
We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials to enforce and comply with the law. We may therefore disclose Session, Usage Data, Message Data, and any other information about you, if we have a good faith belief that it is reasonably necessary to (1) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, (2) enforce our Terms of Use, including investigation of potential violations thereof, (3) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, or (4) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of ONE App Ltd. , its users or the public as required or permitted by law.
6.Children
’s privacy
ONE App does not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13. If you are under 13, please do not attempt to register or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. By using our Site or Services, you promise that you are at least 13 years old. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received Personal Information from a child under the age of 13, we will delete such information from our records. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at
private.keyboardarts@gmail.com
. In addition, we recommend that minors 13 years of age or older ask their parents for permission before sending any information about themselves to anyone over the Internet.
7.Changes to our privacy policy
This Privacy Policy may change from time to time. If we decide to change this private policy, we will provide you additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as appropriate under the circumstances. Your continued use of the ONE App Services or any ONE App products following the posting of changes will mean you accept those changes.
8.
California Privacy Notice
Last Updated
：
December 27, 2019
Effective: January 1, 2020
This California Privacy Notice ("Notice") is for California residents and supplements our Privacy Policy. It explains how we collect, use, and share your Personal Information and how to exercise your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ("CCPA").
We Don't Sell Your Data
We do not sell your Personal Information, and never will. You share your information as you use and communicate through our Services, and we share your information for business purposes to help us operate, provide, improve, understand, customize, support, and market our Services.
Your rights under the CCPA
For your protection and the protection of all of our users, we may ask you to provide proof of identity before we can answer the following requests.
1. Right to know what personal information we collect. You have the right to request details on the specific personal information we've collected about you. We provide this information in our Privacy Policy, but you can also get this information by contacting us by email in the privacy policy.
2. Right to deletion. You have the right to request the deletion of your data by contacting us by email in the privacy policy.
3. Non-Discrimination. You have the right to be free from any discrimination for exercising your rights to access or delete your Personal Information. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of these rights.
9.Contact us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy using ONE App services, please send a detailed message to:
private.keyboardarts@gmail.com
We will make every effort to resolve your concerns.