Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
SEAPILOT AB Privacy Policy
SEAPILOT AB (SEAPILOT) is dedicated to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains how what type of data we collect and how we use it. It also describes your rights and how you go about exercising your rights.
Which information do we collect?
When you use our services or shop through our website, you can directly or indirectly provide us with information about yourself in a variety of ways, e.g though a purchase on our website, installing our application, becoming a member in our loyalty club, contacting our customer service, registering a devince and thereby provide us with information about yourself.
Information you provide to us:
Contact data
– name, e-mail, cell phone number, invoice and delivery address etc.
Personal information-
Date of birth, national identification number (only for invoicing)
Other
:  Boatname, Call sign, MMSI, type of ship and size
Information we may collect about you- when using our services:
Device information
&
information about how you have used our website/app
– e.g. the IP address, language settings, browser settings, how you reached us and how you use our services
Location information
– e.g. your geographic information to be able to deliver our products and services to you
What will we do with your information?
In conjunction with your purchase of products or services SEAPILOT your personal data can be used and stored to provide, operate and improve our services. We will process personal data for the following purposes and based on the following legal bases.
Based on the EULA and terms and conditions your data will be processed for:
Process and deliver your goods and services and
Provide customer service and information about purchased products and services
Manage warranty-, service requests and complaints
Manage your user account
Through your account provide you with details on your current and historical orders
Provide offers and benefits to account holders
Provide account holders a personalized experience
Marketing of products and services
If you consent, your personal data will be processed for:
Provide safety information about products and services
Newsletters
Through cookies save your browser settings to create a better user experience and provide targeted communication and offers to you
Invite you to participate in customer surveys / business development initiatives
SEAPILOT will be based on ours and our customer’s legitimate interest process your data for:
Manage, develop, improve and test our services and the systems in which they are provided
Manage customer service issues and respond to requests, complaints etc. (provide good service, quality and education)
Share product evaluations of products (provide good service)
In order to host and manage participation in competitions and / or events (provide good service)
To prevent misuse of a service or to prevent and investigate offenses against the company (prevent, investigate and disclose criminal offenses).
SEAPILOT will also process your data in order to comply with applicable laws such as e.g. tax- and accounting laws etc.
Communicate with you
SEAPILOT may also use your data to communicate with you through phone, mailings, and electronic channels.
If you do not wish to receive targeted communication from us, you can unsubscribe directly or contact us on
info@seapilot.com
. We will process your request as soon as possible and strive to have fulfilled your request within 30 days.
Who will we share your information with
In order to provide our services and deliver your goods to you, we may transfer, or share your information with, selected third parties.
Payment and credit companies
– To manage your payments, your data can be shared with financial players. If you choose to use credit services provided by our partners, your personal information will be shared with payment and credit companies. If you apply for a credit our partners may process a credit report on you from a credit reference agency
Authorities
– to fulfill legal requirements or with your approval, your data may be shared with authorities such as Tax Agency, Police or other authorities.
Security
SEAPILOT strive to protect your personal information and maintain appropriate technical and organizational measures to prevent inappropriate or involuntary disclosure, use, access, loss, change, or damage to your personal information.
Only SEAPILOT or our suppliers’ employees who need access to your personal information for a specific purpose will have access to your personal information
What we will not do with your data
We will not sell or lend your personal data to third parties (without your permission).
Where will we store your data
We always strive to process your data within the EU/EEA.  Should data be processed outside the EU/EEA SEAPILOT will take all reasonable legal, technical and organizational measures to ensure that your personal data is treated securely with an adequate level of protection compared to and in line with at least the level of protection offered within the EU/EEA.
How long will we store your data
We will only store your personal information as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes specified in this policy. When we store your data for other purposes e.g. in order to comply with accounting requirements, we store your data only as long as necessary and /or legally required for each purpose. We on a regular basis erase data that is no longer needed.
Your rights
Access
You are entitled to a copy of the data we have stored and verify the information we about you. The copy is free of charge and we strive to provide a response to your request within 30 days.
Right to rectification
You have the right to correct inaccurate or incomplete information about yourself.
Right to erasure (“right to be forgotten”)
If you do not want us to store your data, you are entitled to have your information erased, provided that it is no longer necessary for the purpose it was collected for. We may be under legal obligation to store part of your data, preventing us from deleting parts of your data immediately. If that is the case, we will only store the data that we obligated by law to store. If our processing is based on consent your data will be erased if the consent is revoked.
Right to restriction
You have the right to restrict processing if one of the following applies:
If you contest the accuracy of the personal data
The processing is unlawful
We no longer need the data but you need them to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim
Right to object
You have to right to object to processing if the lawful basis is legitimate interest or public interest.
Right to data portability
You are entitled to receive or transfer personal data to a new controller, if the data is processed automatically and has been provided by yourself and where the lawful basis is consent or the processing is necessary to fulfill a contractual obligation and does not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
Right to revoke consent
At any given time you can revoke potential consents you have given to SEAPILOT.
Automated decsion making including profiling
You have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which may have legal effects or similarly affects you. However, this does not apply:
if it is necessary for entering into or performance of a contract with you,
if permitted by applicable legislation,
or if you have consented to the processing
Contact us
The controller is  SEAPILOT AB which is a Swedish company registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office with organization number 556835-3790 and has its registered office in Danderyd. Should you have any questions regarding how we process your personal data please contact us at
info@seapilot.com
.
Supervisory authority
The Integrity Protection Authority (as of May 25, 2018, before the Data Protection Authority) is the Swedish supervisory authority that oversees data processing and GDPR compliance. If you believe SEAPILOT is in violation of the law you are entitled to lodge a formal complaint to the supervisory authority.
Contact Information:
Phone number: 08-657 6100
E-mail:
datainspektionen@datainspektionen.se
Updates
SEAPILOT reserves the right to change and update in this policy.
Seapilots policy for Facebook and Instagram
ENGLISH:
For us at Seapilot, we are reminded that the tone and dialogue on our Facebook and Instagram page are constructive and friendly and respects our rules:
We will be happy to receive questions and thoughts about our products and services and respond as soon as possible.
Please give us feedback, we appreciate hearing your opinion about our service and our products.
Offensive posts with eg. unpleasant or indecent language or offensive comments will not be tolerated and may be removed.
Please report any comments or comments that may be perceived as offensive
You are responsible for the contents of your posts, photos and information that you publish. If you violate our policies, your posts may be removed and you may be blocked from the page.
Generic selectors
Exact matches only
Exact matches only
Search in title
Search in title
Search in content
Search in content
Search in excerpt
Search in posts
Search in posts
Search in pages
Search in pages
Hidden
Filter by Categories
Scroll up the results
Scroll down the results
Generic selectors
Exact matches only
Exact matches only
Search in title
Search in title
Search in content
Search in content
Search in excerpt
Search in posts
Search in posts
Search in pages
Search in pages
Hidden
Filter by Categories
Scroll up the results
Scroll down the results