Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
License Agreement
Privacy Policy
Updated and Effective as of May 2018.
The purpose of this policy (‘Privacy Policy’) is to inform the End Users (‘You’) how we collect, use, and share information and Personal Data we obtain through Your use of Internet sites and software (‘Services’). Services include Coppertino website, VOX Music Cloud, VOX Music Player, VOX Radio, VOX Premium and any other web-sites or software products that are owned by, operated by, controlled by or affiliated with Coppertino Inc. Coppertino Inc (collectively, ‘We’, ’Us’, ’Our’). This Privacy Policy only covers information collected through our Services or via communication with us, and does not apply to the information collected at any other source.
You agree to this Privacy Policy by using our Services.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
The newGeneral Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is the most significant legislative change in European data protection laws since the EU Data Protection Directive, introduced in 1995. The GDPR seeks to strengthen the security and protection of personal data in the EU and serve as a single piece of legislation for all of the EU. We support the GDPR and will ensure all VOX services comply with its provisions by May 25, 2018. With the regulations coming into force we are committed to being fully GDPR-compliant by 25th May 2018. To accomplish this, we have set up some changes in our products to give customers the power to control their personal information that the Company (Coppertino Inc) stores and handles.
What we do to be GDPR-compliant:
We will actively start collecting consent from our customers from May 25th .
To give our customers the option to withdraw their consent at any given time, an easy process is being placed for our customers to provide consent during sign up, and actively manage their consent settings within the app. We want our customers to have complete control over whether they want to receive any communication from us, and what they want to receive.
A customer can access and delete their personal information by logging into account and going to settings page. A customer may request the information we store by contacting our support.
When a customer closes their account with us: we will clear the customer’s Personally Identifiable Information (PII), and all end-user data from our databases. But please note: (1) there might be some latency in deleting this information from our servers and back-up storage; and (2) we may retain this information if necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, or enforce our agreements. We give users the option to use some of our Services free of charge. These free Services are made possible by the fact that some users upgrade to one of our paid Services. If you register for our free Services, we will, from time to time, send you information about upgrades when permissible. Users who receive these marketing materials can opt out at any time. If you do not want to receive marketing materials from us, simply click the ‘unsubscribe’ link in any email, or update your preferences in theNotifications section of your personal account.
Collection of Personally Identifiable Information
Personally Identifiable Information
- is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context.
While You are visiting our website, creating an account, using our software and services We may collect and use different types of information about You. Such information is used only for fast and efficient rendering of our products and services to our customers. In addition, We may use Your Personally Identifiable Information (such as Your email address) to provide You with important information about the product or service that You are using, including but not limited to critical updates and notifications.
Information we receive or collect from you directly
a) When You purchase an App, create an Account, download software update, or contact us directly You may be required to provide us with some basic Personally Identifiable Information, such as: name, email, address, any other contact details, payment information, and technical information. We may ask You to provide additional Personal Data in course of communicating with us about Your order, supplying feedback and information about Your use of our products.
b) We may also collect information from our web and application servers that create log files automatically as part of their setup and configuration. Information in a log file may include IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, date/time stamps, MAC address, file requested, and other usage information and statistics.
If You access and listen to the Software from a computer, automobile, mobile phone, tablet, or other consumer electronic device, we may collect information about those devices. For example, our servers receive and record information about Your computer and browser, including Your Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, and other software or hardware information.
We use PII only to:
To run VOX account we have to create free VOX account by collecting e-mail from You (our user). As a part of the product experience we will send technical and educational notifications to the e-mail you provided. If you purchase VOX Premium you will receive on boarding email letters and updates aimed to enhance your user experience. Name provided in the registration form will be used to personalize the on boarding emails.
We may collect and use your e-mail address to reply to your customer support requests, to send you product updates, promotions or to communicate with you for other important Coppertino/VOX related information. We may occasionally send you marketing information where we have assessed that it is beneficial to you as a client and in our interests. Where you have consented to us providing you with promotional offers and marketing newsletters, you are free to withdraw this consent at any time. There’s an easy to find Opt-Out button in the emails you may receive from VOX or in your account page.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
Non-personally identifiable information is every kind of information except for personally identifiable information. Under this Privacy Policy non-personally identifiable information includes without limitation cookie IDs, device identifiers, hashed values (such as email addresses and other types of information that are transformed into a sequence of random-looking characters that are no longer recognizable as an email address), and IP addresses.
General Usage Data
General Usage hereby refers to the actions that the End Users perform while using Services and that does not contain any specific information about the music composition.
Copertino inc collects information about the General Usage of the Software by the End Users. Such information is being stored by the Company in aggregated format and does not include any Personally Identifiable Information, or any information that can be used to define the behavior and preferences of the Specific user. The Company will use such information only for purposes of general analysis and improvements of the Services. We will not share such information with any unauthorized third parties.
We may also use General Usage Data to build a better product for You by analyzing the Services usage, improving communications with our customers and enhancing Your listening experience
To the extent that non-personal information is combined with personal information, we treat the combined information as personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
Information we receive or collect from third parties
We may receive or collect information about You from Authorized third parties and may or may not store such information on our servers with other information we may have already received or collected from You.
Authorized Third Party
is an individual or entity that is involved in a transaction or operational activities of Coppertino Inc, and is granted rights to use our data in order to fulfill their services. Authorized third parties include: payment processors, customer support, managing or enhancing customer data, email processors who send out emails on our behalf, Service partners that make features or content available through the Software, Marketing companies and data providers that create professional marketing lists or provide marketing data (e.g. Spotify, SoundCloud , YouTube, Facebook, Google + etc.).
Our Website, online services, software, emails and advertisements may use ‘cookies’ and other ways to track Your usage of our Services (collectively referred as ‘Tracking services’). Tracking services can be provided by Google (Google Analytics, Google Adwords), or Facebook, or any other Authorized third party.
Tracking Services will be used to optimize Your User Experience with our Services, and to show You most relevant advertising messages and other information that may be most interesting for You. We treat information collected by cookies and other technologies as non‑personally identifiable information.
Information collected by Authorized third parties which includes location data, contact details, and other Personally Identifiable Information is subject to Privacy Policy of the respective Authorized third party.
We do not use any tracking cookies and do not share information about individual browsing activities or app behavior with third parties for those Users who use Spotify login.
We do not share personally identifiable information with third parties other than as described in this policy. However, we may share Your information, including personally identifiable information, in order to (i) protect or defend the legal rights or property of Coppertino Inc, or the legal rights of our business partners, employees, agents, and contractors (including enforcement of our agreements); (ii) protect the safety and security of Coppertino Inc users or members of the public including acting in urgent circumstances; (iii) protect against fraud or risk management purposes; or (iv) comply with the law or legal process. Additionally, we may share Your data, including any personally identifiable information, with our successor in interest in the event of a corporate reorganization, merger, or sale of all or substantially all of our assets.
We may share non-personally identifiable information we receive or collect from You with third parties. Such anonymous, non-personally identifiable or aggregated data may include general demographic or location information (derived IP address), information about the computer or device from which You access the Software, general information about the listening behaviour. Additionally, we may de-identify personally identifiable information, such as listening behaviour and share it in a de-identified or aggregated form with third parties, advertisers, and/or business partners in order to analyze the Services usage, improve the Software and Your listener experience, or for other similar purposes. The use and disclosure of de-identified personally identifiable information is not subject to any restrictions under this policy.
Children
Company’s website or services are not directed to children. We may not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age.
If You are under 13 years of age, then please do not use or access our product and services at any time or in any manner. Company reserves the right to delete this information if it learns that Personally Identifiable Information of children under the age of 13 has been collected on the services without parental consent. If You are a parent or guardian and discover that Your child under the age of 13 has obtained an account on our services, then You may contact our Customer Support at
support@coppertino.com
and request to delete that child’s personal information.
Managing Your information
We provide You with the ability to modify Your Registration Data, which You may do so at any time through the Settings section of our Software. We generally respond to email requests within 24 hours of receiving a request, but it may take up to 30 days depending on the volume of requests We receive.
We will retain Your information for as long as Your account is active or as needed to provide You with Our services. We will retain and use Your information as necessary to comply with Our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce Our agreements.
When You create an account, You elect to receive promotional, marketing, or other similar emails tailored to Your interests. You may also follow the unsubscribe instructions contained in the promotional, marketing, or other similar emails You receive.
Deleting Your information
To delete Your VOX Account and all related data You should log in to your account at
my.vox.rocks
, go to Settings - Profile (or use
this link
), press the "Delete my account" button and confirm the action.
E-mail Communication
From time to time, You may receive newsletters and various promotional materials from the Company notifying You about product updates or special offers. If You don’t want to receive such emails from us, You are free to unsubscribe from the mailing list.
NOTE: You can find the information of how it is done at the bottom of the relevant email that You have received.
Upon written request from You as a user, We will remove all Personally-Identifiable information We may have about You, therefore We will not retain any Personally-Identifiable information related to You on any of Our systems. Such action will not allow You to use Our products and services any longer. In case You want Your information to be removed from all systems of Coppertino please send a request with the relevant text to:
support@coppertino.com
Security
We care deeply about the privacy of Our users. Therefore, We implement best practices designed to keep Your information safe and secured, including but not limited to: using only highly protected servers and remote connections between them and a user, ensuring high commitment of our personnel to security of Your Personal Information. Nevertheless despite Our efforts We can not guarantee a 100% secure handling of Your info, as there are certain technical and natural occurrences that are simply beyond Our control. If You have any questions or comments about security of Our products and services, You can contact us at
support@coppertino.com
.
Contact us
If You have any questions or comments regarding the Privacy Policy, or the privacy practices of Coppertino, please contact us at:
support@coppertino.com
. We will do our best to assist You.
VOX uses cookies to personalize your experience on our website. By continuing to use this site, you agree to our cookie policy.
Click here
to learn more.
OK