App Privacy Policy
This following document sets forth the Privacy Policy for the Savage Software Group Pty Ltd (Savage) applications Procreate, Procreate Dreams, and Procreate Pocket (the Applications). For the procreate.com website please refer to the
Website Privacy Policy
.
Procreate and your data
Savage does not collect or share any data when using the Applications.
When using the Applications, this is how your data is stored:
Your artwork, movies, Time-lapse videos, brushes and color palettes are all saved directly into your iPad.
You are not required to login to access your data, artworks, or movies.
The Applications do not connect to any Savage web services at any time.
When using FacePaint, the Application (Procreate for iPad) will request access to your front facing camera using the TrueDepth API. Savage does not collect or store your TrueDepth data at any time.
When using Palette Capture, the Application (Procreate for iPad) will request access your camera. Savage does not collect or store your camera data at any time.
Savage believes strongly in not collecting or sharing your data, period. It belongs to you.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://procreate.com/privacy-policy:
Privacy Policy
This following document sets forth the Privacy Policy for the Savage Software Group Pty Ltd (Savage) website procreate.com (the Site), and associated websites. For Procreate and Procreate Pocket please refer to the
App Privacy Policy
.
Collection and use of your personal information
There are many aspects of the Site and the Applications which can be viewed and used without providing personal information. However, for access to certain Savage customer support features, you are required to submit personally identifiable information so that we can generate, verify and help you recover your unique user name and password. This information may include but is not limited to your full name, date of birth and generalised geographical location.
Savage will not:
use your personal information for advertising purposes, either directly or via a third party; or
share, trade, offer, sell, or otherwise distribute your personal information to any third party except as directly specified in this Privacy Policy.
For each visitor to reach the Site, we also collect the following non-personally identifiable information, including but not limited to browser type, version and language, operating system, pages viewed while browsing the Site, page access times and referring website address. This collected information is used internally solely for the purpose of gauging visitor traffic, trends and delivering personalized content to you while you are at this Site.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change in this way at some time in the future, we will only use for these new purposes data collected from the time of the policy change forward. This document will be updated accordingly, and all data usage will adhere to our updated practices.
Sharing of your personal information
We may occasionally hire other companies to provide services on our behalf, including but not limited to handling customer support enquiries, processing transactions, or customer freight shipping. Those companies will be permitted to obtain only the personal information they need to deliver the service. Savage takes reasonable steps to ensure that these organisations are bound by confidentiality and privacy obligations in relation to the protection of your personal information.
Accessing Your Personal Information
You have a right to access your personal information, subject to exceptions allowed by law. If you would like to do so, please contact us. You may be required to put your request in writing for security reasons. Savage reserves the right to charge a reasonable fee for searching for, and providing access to, your information on a per request basis.
Correcting your personal information
You have a right to seek the correction of inaccurate, out-of-date, incomplete, irrelevant or misleading personal information which we hold about you, subject to exceptions allowed by law. If you would like to do so, please contact us and we will respond within a reasonable period.
Overseas disclosure
In the normal course of events, we would not have cause to disclose your personal information to an overseas recipient. If the situation arises, however, you consent to the disclosure in the full knowledge that the recipient may be located in a jurisdiction which lacks privacy and data protection laws, or which lacks privacy and data protection laws as stringent as Australia’s, and that you may be left without any remedy or recourse in the event your personal information is mishandled in that country. We would nevertheless take reasonable steps to secure a commitment from the overseas recipient to handle your personal information in a manner consistent with the Australian Privacy Principles.
Overseas hosting
Our data may be hosted on an overseas server. This is regarded by the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner as an extended “use” by us of your personal information, not a “disclosure” to a separate overseas recipient. This means that your personal information is in this context regarded as remaining under our effective control, and we remain responsible for ensuring that it is handled in accordance with the Australian Privacy Principles, even though the service provider will also be handling the information in accordance with its own privacy policy.
European residents
In some circumstances, we may be required to comply with foreign privacy laws when handling the personal information of individuals who are located permanently or temporarily overseas. Without limiting the foregoing, we will comply with the requirements of the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) if and to the extent that we are subject to the extra-territorial provisions of that Regulation.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Savage reserves the right to make amendments to this Privacy Policy at any time. If you have objections to the Privacy Policy, you should not access or use the Site or the Applications.