SpyPhone.com Privacy Statement
We only collect personal information from visitors to our Web site when they voluntarily provide it to us by completing our registration form or electing to use one of our services. We may require visitors to provide us with information including, but not limited to, their name, physical address, email address, phone numbers, credit card numbers, username, and password.
To provide you the best products and services, we often team with business partners.When you indicate that you want to receive a product or service, or contact a person or organization, we share the data needed for you to receive what you have indicated.When visitors access our Web site, certain non-personal information may be collected from them including, but not limited to, their browser type (e.g., Netscape or Internet Explorer), operating system (e.g., Android, Windows or Mac), IP address, and the domain name from which they accessed the site (e.g., spyphone.com). In addition, we may collect information about visitors' browsing behavior, such as the date and time they visit the Web site, the areas or pages of our Web site that they visit, the amount of time spent viewing the site, the number of times the visitor returns to the site, and click - stream data. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children or sell any products to children. You have the right to be forgotten at any time as you can delete your data at any time as described below. We may use cookies to collect this information. Information collected through cookies may be combined with visitors' personal information. Visitors are always free to decline cookies. We would also collect any data that the software records in your control panel. Third parties may be placing and reading cookies on your browser or using web beacons to collect information as a result of ad serving on this website. Third party vendors use cookies to serve ads based on users prior visits to this website. Google's use of the Doubleclick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads on this site based on your visits to this and other sites on the internet. You can learn more about opting out of third parties vendors use of cookies for intenet based advertising by visiting aboutads.info.
This site contains links to other websites not operated by Spy Phone Labs LLc. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy policies of those or any other sites. If you have a question about how those websites collect and use the data, you should carefully read those sites privacy policies.You have the ability to manage and disable the use of cookies on your computer using the settings in your browser. You can learn more about how to manage cookies at http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
We do not sell your personal information or data to anyone
Contacts on Phone will be copied off phone on installation of app. A
list of Apps on the phone will be copied off phone on installation of
the app.
GPS Cell Phone Location would be recorded approximately every 10
minutes and the location of the device will be logged using the GPS
coordinates of the smartphone location and we would plot the
coordinates on a map using Google Maps.
All of above data will be recorded and sent to a central server where you can log into your individual control panel at SpyPhone.com using user name and password you provide during installation process when you downloaded and installed phonetracker software on your smartphone. We maintain your personally identifiable information is a reasonably secure manner including storing such information behind firewalls. You can delete any and all of your information at any time by logging into your control panel at SpyPhone.com. In the devices section you have the ability to delete any of your information stored. We delete all of your information on the same day you cancel the service and we will delete all of your information if you have not logged in for 14 days or have not sent any data from your phone for 14 days. You can cancel service at any time. We reserve the right to update this policy and will put revision date in as required.
Last update - August 12, 2022. If you have any questions please feel free to contact us at support@spyphone.com. Our address to be contacted so to reach our Data Protection Officer is: Data Protection Officer - Spy Phone Labs LLC - 680 RT 211 East, Ste 3B #123, Middletown, NY 10941.
  
Spy Phone Labs LLC takes special precautions to protect the privacy of children. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 without the verified consent of a parent or guardian, and the Service is intended for use by children under the age of 13 only with parental involvement and approval.
 
If Spy Phone Labs LLC learns that we have inadvertently collected a child's personal information without parental consent, we will delete that information. If you are a parent or a guardian and you find out that a child under the age of 13 has a registered account with our service without your consent, please notify us immediately at support@spyphone.com so we can remove that child's personal information from our system and terminate any account your child has.
 
We share personal data with third parties that we contract with to provide us service in maaintaing the service. We share your personal information with cloud storage vendors, data analytics vendors and communication providers in additioan to what has been outlined above.
 
Users from the European Union have additional rights:
 
Right to object to processing: Where the processing of your personal data is based on the legitimate interests of Spy Phone Labs lLC, you you can object to further processing. If you object to processing, we will no longer process your personal data unless there is a legitimate grounds for processing, and unless the data in questions is needed to protect our legitimate rights and interests. Spy Phone Labs LLC is the data controller of the personal information we hold about you.
 
You have the right to lodge a complaint with supervisory authority. You have the right to lodge a complaint with a competent data protection supervisory authority, in particular in the EU Member State where you reside, work or where the alleged infringement has taken place.
 
Individuals have the right to data portability, that is to receive from your company/organisation the personal data they provided in a structured machine-readable format, and have it transmitted to another company/organisation. The right may only be exercised where personal data was collected in the context of a contract or on the basis of consent, and such data is processed by automated means.
SpyPhone.com Cookie Notice: We may use cookies to serve advertisements on some pages.
            Visitors are always free to decline cookies. We would also collect any data that the software records in your control panel. Third parties may be placing and reading cookies on your browser or using web beacons to collect information as a result of ad serving on this website. Third party vendors use cookies to serve ads based on users prior visits tothis website. Google's use of advertising cookies enables it and its partners to serve ads on this site based on your visits to this and other sites on the internet. You can get Information on Google Adsense use of cookies and how users may opt out of personalized advertising by visiting https://support.google.com/adsense/answer/7549925?hl=en   There is also more info on opting out of third party cookies at www.aboutads.info
You can learn more about opting out of third parties vendors use of cookies for internet based advertising by visiting aboutads.info. This site contains links to to other websites not operated by Spy Phone Labs LLC. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy policies of those or any other sites. If you have a question about how those websites collect and use the data, you should carefully read those sites privacy policies. You have the ability to manage and disable the use of cookies on your computer using the settings in your browser. You can learn more about how to manage cookies at http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
App is available for free on Google Play & App Store