Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy was created to explain our rules as regards to 
the gathering, use and publication of the information which can be 
disclosed at the usage of applications. Please, get acquainted with the 
Privacy Policy before providing your information on the applications and
 on this website, including the personal data.
1. Your consent
Using
 this website and the applications, you have accepted the regulations of
 this Privacy Policy. Providing the information on this website and in 
the applications, you have agreed with gathering, use and publishing of 
the information in accordance with the Privacy Policy.
2. Age limits
This website and the applications do not have any age limits.
3. Active information gathering
Some
 parts of the applications can require the input of your personal 
information, in order you could perform some activity (for example, to 
write a letter to the apps developers). At every stage of the 
information gathering you will be informed what information is necessary
 and what can be left of your own will.
4. Hidden information gathering
While
 using the applications some information can be collected by hidden 
means (that is without your active representation) with the different 
technologies, for example, IP addresses, identification files, Internet 
tags and navigation data. This information gathering is aimed to improve
 the work of the apps and to update their contents.
5. The use and disclosure of the information
Except
 as expressly provided for herein, the developer of the apps may use any
 information received from visitors for improvement of the applications 
content, their rework with consideration of the users’ preferences, the 
information disclosure to the users (if they requested it), for 
marketing and research purposes, and also for other purposes provided by
 this Privacy Policy. We take necessary steps to prevent the integration
 of the personal information with the information, received in a hidden 
way, except the cases when you agree with such integration. The personal
 information can be disclosed to the third parties located in Russia 
and/or other country, but exclusively:
to
 the contractors who are responsible for business support (performance 
of services, technical support, delivery services and financial 
institutions), agreed with using the information in accordance with this
 Privacy Policy;
for
 answering the requests of the government or judicial authorities in 
accordance with the legislation. Besides, we can use any information 
received through this website, which is not considered as personal one.
6. Security
We
 take reasonable steps to secure your personal data at its transmission 
and to secure this information against loss, abuse, illegal assess, 
disclosure, elimination or change.
7. Links to other Internet websites
This
 website and the applications may contain links and footnotes to other 
websites. Please, remember that we do not have an opportunity to control
 other websites and that this Privacy Policy does not cover them. We 
recommend to get acquainted with the Privacy Policy on each website you 
visit.
8. Contact us
If you have any questions, comments or 
fears regarding our Privacy Policy or information on this website or the
 application, please contact us at:
allyteamdev@gmail.com
Политика
 конфиденциальности разработана для разъяснения наших правил в отношении
 сбора, использования и обнародования информации, которую Вы можете 
сообщить при использовании приложений. Пожалуйста, ознакомьтесь с 
Политикой конфиденциальности перед тем как предоставлять в приложениях 
информацию о себе, в том числе персональные данные.
1. Ваше согласие
Используя
 приложения Вы принимаете положения данной Политики конфиденциальности. 
Предоставляя информацию в приложениях, Вы соглашаетесь на сбор, 
использование и обнародование информации в соответствии с Политикой 
конфиденциальности.
2. Возрастные ограничения
Эти приложения не имеют ограничений по возрасту использования.
3. Активный сбор информации
Некоторые
 разделы приложений могут потребовать от Вас ввода личной информации, 
чтобы Вы могли осуществить некоторую активность (например, написать 
письмо разработчикам приложений). На каждом этапе сбора информации Вам 
сообщат, какая информация необходима, а какая может быть оставлена по 
Вашему собственному желанию.
4. Скрытый сбор информации
При
 использовании приложений некоторая информация может собираться скрытым 
способом (то есть без активного предоставления Вами) с помощью различных
 технологий и средств, например, IP-адреса, идентификационных файлов, 
Интернет-тэгов и навигационных данных. Сбор данной информации имеет цель
 оптимизировать работу приложений и совершенствовать их содержание.
5. Использование и разглашение информации
За
 исключением особо оговоренных случаев, разработчик приложений может 
использовать любую полученную от посетителей информацию для 
усовершенствования содержания приложений, их доработки с учетом 
предпочтений пользователей, сообщения пользователям информации (если они
 ее запрашивали), для маркетинговых или исследовательских целей, а также
 для других целей, предусмотренных настоящей Политикой 
конфиденциальности. Мы предпринимаем необходимые меры для предупреждения
 объединения личной информации с информацией, полученной скрытым 
способом, за исключением случаев, когда Вы даете со
гласие
 на такое объединение. Личные данные могут быть также переданы третьим 
лицам, расположенным в России и/или другой стране, но только:
подрядчикам,
 которые отвечают за поддержание бизнеса (выполнение услуг, техническая 
поддержка, услуги доставки и финансовые учреждения), давшим согласие на 
пользование информацией в соответствии с данной Политикой 
конфиденциальности;
для ответа на запросы государственных органов или судебных органов в соответствии с законодательством
Кроме того, мы можем использовать любую информа
цию, полученную через данное приложение и не относящуюся к личной.
6. Безопасность
Мы
 предпринимаем необходимые шаги для защиты Вашей личной информации при 
ее передаче и для защиты этой информации от потери, злоупотребления, не 
уполномоченного доступа, разглашения, уничтожения или изменения.
7. Ссылки на другие Интернет-сайты
Данные
 приложения могут содержать ссылки или сноски на другие Интернет-сайты. 
Пожалуйста, помните, что мы не имеем возможности контролировать другие 
сайты, и что данная Политика конфиденциальности на них не 
распространяется. Мы рекомендуем знакомиться с Политикой 
конфиденциальности на каждом Интернет-сайте, который Вы посещаете.
8. Связь с нами
Если
 у Вас появились какие-либо вопросы, комментарии или опасения 
относительно нашей Политики конфиденциальности или обращения с 
информацией на данном сайте и в приложениях, пожалуйста, свяжись с 
нами:
allyteamdev
@
gmail
.
com
Главная страница
Подписаться на:
Сообщения (Atom)
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyse traffic. Your IP address and user agent are shared with Google, together with performance and security metrics, to ensure quality of service, generate usage statistics and to detect and address abuse.
Learn more
Got it