. Manage subscriptions .
Users can manage subscriptions from within the App Store's settings :
https://apple.co/2Th4vqI
.
. Privacy policy .
This
privacy policy governs your use of the software application and
website «Metro
» (“Service”)
for computers and any mobile devices that was created by
AR Code Pte. Ltd. company
. The
Service is a metro maps app.
Automatically
Collected Information: What
information does the Service obtain and how is it used?
The Service may collect certain information automatically,
including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use,
your mobile devices unique device id, the ip address of your mobile
device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet
browsers you use, and information about the way you use the Service.
Does
the Application collect precise real time location information of the
device?
If
you allow it this Service will collect precise information about the
location of your mobile device.
Do
third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the
Service ?
Yes.
We will share your information with third parties only in the ways
that are described in this privacy statement.
We
may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
as
	required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal
	process;
when
	we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our
	rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate
	fraud, or respond to a government request;
with
	our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have
	an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and
	have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy
	statement.
if
AR Code Pte. Ltd.
is
	involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion
	of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent
	notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of this
	information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this
	information.
to
	advertisers and third party advertising networks and analytics
	companies as described in the section below
Automatic
Data Collection and Advertising
We
may work with analytics companies to help us understand how the
Service is being used, such as the frequency and duration of usage.
We work with advertisers and third party advertising networks, who
need to know how you interact with advertising provided in the
Service which helps us keep the cost of the Service
low
.
Advertisers and advertising networks use some of the information
collected by the Service, including, but not limited to, the
unique identification id of your mobile device and your mobile
telephone number. To protect the anonymity of this information,
we use an encryption technology to help ensure that these third
parties can’t identify you personally. These third parties may also
obtain anonymous information about other applications you’ve
downloaded to your mobile device, the mobile websites you visit, your
non-precise location information (e.g., your zip code), and other
non- precise location information in order to help analyze and serve
anonymous targeted advertising on the Service and elsewhere. We
may also share encrypted versions of information you have provided in
order to enable our partners to append other available information
about you for analysis or advertising related use.
If
you’d like to opt-out from third party use of this type of
information to help serve targeted advertising, please visit the
section entitled “Opt-out” below.
What
are my opt-out rights?
There
are multiple opt-out options for users of this Service:
Opt-out
of all information collection by uninstalling the Service:
You
can stop all collection of information by the Service easily by
uninstalling the Service. You may use the standard uninstall
processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via
the mobile application marketplace or network. You can also request
to opt-out via email, at contact@ar-code.co
.
Opt-out
from the use of information to serve targeted advertising by
advertisers and/or third party network advertisers:
you
may at any time opt-out from further allowing us to have access to
your location data in your mobile device parameters.
Data
Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
We
will retain User Provided data for as long as you use the Service and
for a reasonable time thereafter. We will retain Automatically
Collected information for up to
24
months
and
thereafter may store it in aggregate. If you’d like us to delete
User Provided Data that you have provided via the Service, please
contact us at contact@ar-code.co
and
we will respond in a reasonable time. Please note that some or all of
the User Provided Data may be required in order for the Service to
function properly.
Children
We
do not use the Service to knowingly solicit data from or market to
children under the age of 18. If a parent or guardian becomes aware
that his or her child has provided us with information without their
consent, he or she should contact us at contact@ar-code.co
.
We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable
time.
Security
We
are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your
information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural
safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For
example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees
and contractors who need to know that information in order to
operate, develop or improve our Service. Please be aware that,
although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we
process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential
security breaches.
Changes
This
Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We
will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the
new Privacy
Policy https://ar-code.co/apps/Metro/privacy.html .
You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any
changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes. .
Your
Consent
By
using the Service, you are consenting to our processing of your
information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by
us. "Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/hand held
device or using or touching information in any way, including, but
not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and
disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in
Singapore
.
If you reside outside
Singapore
your
information will be transferred, processed and stored there under
Singapore
privacy
standards.
rgpd
Your
individual rights
Under
the gdpr your rights are as follows. You can read more about
your
rights in details here
;
the
	right to be informed;
the
	right of access;
the
	right to rectification;
the
	right to erasure;
the
	right to restrict processing;
the
	right to data portability;
the
	right to object; and
the
	right not to be subject to automated decision-making including
	profiling.
We
handle subject access requests in accordance with the gdpr.
Internet
cookies
We
use cookies on this service to provide you with a better user
experience. We do this by placing a small text file on your device /
computer hard drive to track how you use the
Service
,
to record or log whether you have seen particular messages that we
display, to keep you logged into the
Service
where applicable, to display relevant adverts or content, referred
you to a third party
Service
.
Some
cookies are required to enjoy and use the full functionality of this
Service
.
We
use a cookie control system which allows you to accept the use of
cookies, and control which cookies are saved to your device /
computer. Some cookies will be saved for specific time periods, where
others may last indefinitely. Your web browser should provide you
with the controls to manage and delete cookies from your device,
please see your web browser options.
Data
security and protection
We
ensure the security of any personal information we hold by using
secure data storage technologies and precise procedures in how we
store, access and manage that information. Our methods meet the gdpr
compliance requirement.
Fair
& Transparent Privacy Explained
We
have provided some further explanations about user privacy and the
way we use this
Service
to help promote
a transparent and honest user privacy methodology.
Sponsored
links, affiliate tracking & commissions
Our
service may contain adverts, sponsored and affiliate links on some
pages. These are typically served through our advertising partners;
Google Adsense, eBay Partner Network, Amazon Affiliates, or are self
served through our own means. We only use trusted advertising
partners who each have high standards of user privacy and security.
However we do not control the actual adverts seen / displayed by our
advertising partners. Our ad partners may collect data and use
cookies for ad personalisation and measurement. Where ad preferences
are requested as 'non-personalised' cookies may still be used for
frequency capping, aggregated ad reporting and to combat fraud and
abuse.
Clicking
on any adverts, sponsored or affiliate links may track your actions
by using a cookie saved to your device. Your actions are usually
recorded as a referral from our
Service
by this cookie. In most cases we earn a very small commission from
the advertiser or advertising partner, at no cost to you, whether you
make a purchase on their
Service
or not.
We
use advertising partners in these ways to help generate an income
from the
Service
, which allows us to
continue our work and provide you with the best overall experience
and valued information.
If
you have any concerns about this we suggest you do not click on any
adverts, sponsored or affiliate links found throughout the
Service
.
Contact
us
If
you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Service, or
have questions about our practices, please contact us via email
at contact@ar-code.co
.