PRIVACY POLICY
Last Updated: June 02,
2020
Please read this Privacy
Notice and Policy (“Policy”) carefully. It applies to all
information DGN Games LLC and its affiliated entities (collectively “
Company
”,
“
we
”, or “
us
”) collect from you through
our web sites and game applications (collectively “
Services
”).
Company is a developer and distributor of digital games via applications
available on the Facebook platform, and via the app stores of Google, Apple,
and Amazon.
This Policy describes:
•
the information we collect, how we collect it, and
why;
•
how we use and share that information;
•
how you can access and update that information;
•
the choices you can make about how we collect, use,
and share your information; and
•
how we protect information.
If you have any questions
or complaints about this Policy or Company’s use or processing of your
Personal information, you can contact us as follows:
Company’s
European Union (EU) Privacy Representative:
https://www.verasafe.com/privacyservices/contact-article-27-representative/
Alternatively,
VeraSafe can be contacted:
In
the Czech Republic:
Matthew
Joseph Zahradníčkova
1220/20A
Prague 15000
Czech
Republic
In
the Republic of Ireland:
VeraSafe
Ireland Ltd.
Unit
3D North Point House
North
Point Business Park
New
Mallow Road
Cork
T23AT2P Ireland
Phone:
+1-617-398-7067
Company’s
Non-EU Privacy Representative:
GDPR@dgngames.com
DGN
Games LLC
P.O.
Box 92166
Austin,
TX, 78709-2166
If you are located in
the EU, you have the right to file a complaint against Us through
VeraSafe’s
Privacy Dispute
Resolution Program:
https://www.verasafe.com/privacy-services/dispute-resolution/submit-dispute/
If you do not want us
to collect, use, or share your information in the ways described in this
Policy, you should not access or use the Services. By accessing or using the
Services, you expressly acknowledge and agree to the terms of this Policy, and
agree to the processing of your Personal Information as specified herein.
By using the Services, you
acknowledge that we will use your information in the United States, and any
other country where we operate. Please be aware that the privacy laws and
standards in certain countries, including the rights of authorities to access
your personal information, may differ from those that apply in the country in
which you reside. We will transfer personal information only to these countries
to which we are permitted by law to transfer personal information, and we will
take steps to ensure that your personal information continues to enjoy
appropriate protections. Please read on to learn more about how we protect
personal information, including when we transfer personal information outside
of the EU.
1. What is Personal
Information?
“Personal
Information” means information that specifically identifies an individual
such as a name, address, telephone number, mobile number, or e-mail address, or
information about an individual that could be directly linked to such
identifying information such as device IP address and geo-location information
(“Device Information”). Personal Information does not include
“Usage Information” (meaning anonymous site usage information such
as visit statistics, page views, device type, etc.), unless such information is
connected to your Personal Information.
Under the EU’s
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), to the extent applicable, personal
data is defined as: “any information relating to an identified or
identifiable natural person ('data subject'); an identifiable natural person is
one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference
to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an
online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical,
physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that
natural person.”
2. Information Collected
on Our Services
Information You Provide To
Us
.
You may choose to provide
Personal Information through the Services. The Company may collect Personal
Information when you request information from us, contact us, or submit
comments. If you do not want your Personal Information collected in this
manner, please do not submit it.
You may also elect to participate in
certain activities on our Services that let you publicly communicate or share
information such as player profiles, message boards, chat or messaging
features, or gifting/invitation-sending features. If you participate in these
activities, we may collect any or all of the information you submit, even if
submitted through a player-to-player messaging system.
We will also collect your
Personal Information when you access the Services through a social networking
site, such as Facebook, or through Facebook Connect functionality, including
any or all of the following information: your name; your profile picture; your
social network ID number; your friends’ public profile data on the social
networking site; your email address; your location; your gender; your birthday
or age; and any other information that the social networking site chooses to
share with us. If you access the public areas of the Services through a social
networking site or application, we may post your profile information and
picture as allowed by the social networking site.
Information Collected by
Automated Means
.
Whenever you use the
Services, the Company, as well as any third-party advertisers and/or service
providers, may automatically collect Usage Information and Device Information.
The technologies used on the Services to collect Usage Information and Device
Information may include, without limitation, web beacons and cookies. Web
beacons (also known as Internet tags, pixel tags, tracking beacons and clear
GIFs) are clear/transparent graphic images placed on a web page or email which
gather Usage Information and Device Information. Cookies are data files placed
on a device when it is used to visit the Services. If you would prefer not to
accept cookies, most browsers will allow you to: (i) change your browser
settings to notify you when you receive a cookie, which lets you choose whether
or not to accept it; (ii) to disable existing cookies; or (iii) to set your
browser to automatically reject any cookies. However, please be aware that if
you disable or reject cookies, some features on our Services may not work
properly because we may not be able to recognize you, and offers we provide may
not be as relevant to you.
We use tracking
technologies to recognize your logged-in state on Services, to understand what
Service features visitors are interested in, to make the Services function for
you, and to help
your browsing experience and use of the Services feel more
customized. More generally, we use tracking technologies for the following.
Security and
Authentication (Strictly Necessary)
Some cookie and similar technology
functions are necessary and vital to ensuring that the Services work properly
for visitors, such as maintaining the security, safety, and integrity of the
Services, authentication and logging into Services (including remembering
permissions and consents you have granted), and ensuring the ability to
securely complete transactions.
Account and User
Preferences
Some technologies are
used to remember your account and preferences over time, such as remembering
your account or keeping yourself logged in when returning to the Services, and
maintaining your choices with respect to Service features, and customizing
content based on how you use the Services.
Social Networks
Some technologies help you to
interact with social networks you are signed into while using the Services,
such as sharing content with the social network, logging in with the social
network, and other features you employ with the social network, or that are
allowed in the social network’s privacy policy. These may be set and
controlled by the social networks, and your preferences with those social
networks.
Performance and Analytics
Some technologies help
provide performance data on how the Services are functioning in order to
improve the Services, including, for example, data on site and app
functionality and speed to help us optimize the Services, and detect and gather
reports on bugs to help make the Services work better.
The Services also employ
Google Analytics to help us understand how the Services are used by visitors.
For some of the advertising features listed below, like retargeting, data from
Google Analytics may be combined with our first-party data and third-party
cookies (like Google’s advertising cookies). To see how to opt-out of
Google Analytics Advertising Features, see the Opt-Out section of this policy.
Marketing Services
We partner with
third-party service providers that may use various tracking technologies to
permit us and them to learn about what ads you see and click when you visit the
Services, or to show you ads on and off Services. These may include things such
as:
Frequency capping, which limits the number of times a
user’s browser or mobile device displays the same ad;
Attribution tracking,
which estimates what advertising or marketing source brought someone to the
Services, or determines what marketing source led to actions like a visit or a
purchase;
Remarketing, which shows
relevant ads to an audience based on prior browsing patterns on Services;
Audience targeting, which
refers to targeting advertisements to a large audience based on the
audience’s known or inferred demographics; and
Cross-device recognition,
which recognizes actions across multiple devices or browsers.
Some third-party service providers
may provide information like demographics, cross-device information, or interest
categories from a combination of sources that, while not identifying you
personally, permit us to provide you with more relevant and useful advertising.
In some cases, this information may have non-marketing performance analytics
uses as well.
These technologies allow
a partner to recognize your computer or mobile device each time you visit the
Services based on data like a cookie, your IP address, or device ID, but do not
allow access to other personal information from us. However, these technologies
may allow us or a third party to recognize you, either from a single device or
across devices, over time. These third parties are required to follow
applicable laws, self-regulatory programs, and our data protection rules where
applicable. However, we do not have control over these third parties, who each
have their own privacy policies and privacy practices.
Information We Receive
from Third Parties
.
We also may supplement
and combine the information we collect about you through the Services with other
information we receive from third parties in order to enhance our ability to
serve you, to tailor our content to you, and to market products and services to
you. In those cases, we will apply this Policy to any Personal Information
received, unless we have disclosed otherwise.
3. How We Use Information
When you
access or use the Services, we collect, use, share, and otherwise process your
Personal Information as described in this Policy. We will use Personal
Information and other information we collect through the Services:
•
to provide the services and information you request;
•
to process your transactions through the Services;
•
to contact you about your use of the Services;
•
to respond to your emails, questions,
comments, and complaints, and to otherwise provide customer service;
•
to personalize and improve the
Services, and to deliver advertisements, content, or features that match our
users’ interests;
•
to monitor and analyze Usage Information
and otherwise measure the effectiveness of the Services;
•
to send you confirmations, updates,
security alerts, and support and administrative messages, to detect and prevent
fraud, and to otherwise facilitate your use of, and our administration and
operation of, the Services; and
•
to notify you about important changes to our Services.
We rely on a number of
legal bases to use your information in these ways. These legal bases include
where:
•
necessary to perform the contractual obligations in
our Terms of Service;
•
necessary in order to provide the Services to you;
•
you have consented to the processing, which you can
revoke at any time;
•
necessary to comply with a legal
obligation, a court order, or to exercise or defend legal claims;
•
necessary for the purposes of our or
a third party’s legitimate interests, such as those of other visitors or
our vendors;
•
you have made the information public;
•
necessary in the public interest; and
•
necessary to protect your vital interests, or those of
others.
4.
What Personal Information do we
share with third parties?
We will not share the Personal
Information we collect from you through the Services with third parties, except
as described in this Policy or in the Services. We may share non-Personal
Information, such as Usage Information, with third parties. We may share your
information with third parties in the following circumstances:
Third
Parties Providing Services on Our Behalf
.
We may share your
Personal Information with third parties that perform services on our behalf (or
on behalf of our partners), such as companies that host or operate our
Services; provide
customer service; manage payments; and provide marketing
services to us. Such third parties are obligated to maintain the
confidentiality of your Personal Information, and only use it to provide
services on our behalf as directed by us.
Your Agreement to Have
Your Personal Information Shared
.
While on our Services,
you may have the opportunity to opt-in to receive information and/or marketing
offers from someone else or to otherwise consent to the sharing of your
information with a third party. If you agree to have your Personal Information
shared in this way, your Personal Information may be disclosed to the third
party and the Personal Information you disclose will be subject to the privacy
policy and business practices of that third party.
Business Transfers
.
We may also share your
Personal Information with our subsidiaries and affiliated entities, and such
entities may use your information in accordance with this Policy. As we
continue to develop our business, we may sell or purchase assets. If another
entity acquires us or all or a portion of our assets, Personal Information and
any other information that we have collected through the Services may be
disclosed to such entity as part of the due diligence process, and will be
transferred to such entity as one of the transferred assets. Also, if any
bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us, all such
information may be considered an asset of ours, and as such, may be sold or
transferred to third parties. In the event of such a transfer, the acquiring
entity will remain obligated to treat your Personal Information in accordance
with this Privacy Policy.
Legal Disclosure
.
We may transfer and
disclose information, including your Personal Information, to third parties to
comply with any legal obligation; at the request of governmental authorities
conducting an investigation or otherwise requiring disclosure (including
without limitation to meet law enforcement requirements and for the purposes of
national security); to verify or enforce our Terms of Service; or to otherwise
protect the rights, property, safety, or security of us, the public and/or
other users of our Services.
5. How Long We Keep Your
Information
The amount of time we
will retain your Personal Information depends on why we collected it and how we
use it. We will never retain your Personal Information for longer than we are
allowed under applicable law, and otherwise, will not generally retain your Personal
Information for longer than is necessary to accomplish our business purposes
and protect our legal rights.
6. Your Rights as Data
Subject; Your Access and Choices
At any
point while we are in possession of or processing your Personal Information, you,
the data subject, have the following rights:
•
Right of access – you have the
right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you.
•
Right of rectification – you
have a right to correct data that we hold about you that is inaccurate or
incomplete.
•
Right to be forgotten – in
certain circumstances you can ask for the data we hold about you to be erased
from our records.
•
Right to restriction of processing
– where certain conditions apply to have a right to restrict the
processing.
•
Right of portability – you have
the right to have the data we hold about you transferred to another
organization.
•
Right to object – you have the
right to object to certain types of processing such as direct marketing.
•
Right to object to automated
processing, including profiling – you also have the right to be subject
to the legal effects of automated processing or profiling.
•
Right to judicial review: in the
event that we refuse any of your above-specified requests, we will provide you
with a reason as to why. You have the right to complain as outlined in this
Policy.
All of the above requests
will be forwarded on should there be a third party involved in the processing
of your Personal Information.
Accessing, Updating, and
Transferring Your Information
.
If you want to review,
change, or transfer the information we maintain about you or have
additional questions, e-mail us at
support@oldvegasslots.com
.
We will respond to your request within ten (10) days. Depending on the nature
and scope of your request, we may require that you confirm your identity by
providing two of the following documents: birth certificate, passport, driving
license, or utility bill showing name and address.
To manage the information
we receive about you from a social networking site, like Facebook, where you
access or use our Services, you will need to follow the instructions at that
site for updating your information and changing your privacy settings. The
privacy management tools for applications on Facebook can be found
here
.
Stopping Use of Your
Information
.
If you no longer want us to make
active use of your information, you may send an e-mail to
support@oldvegasslots.com
requestin deletion of your
information. We will respond to your
request within ten (10) days. Please note that certain
records (for example those relating to customer service matters) will be
maintained for legal and accounting purposes. Please also note that we may not
be able delete all content you have posted through the Services (for
example, in public forums), and we may not be able to delete all
residual copies of information in our backup systems.
Opt-Outs
.
You may opt out of receiving
marketing communications from us by sending us an e-mail at
support@oldvegasslots.com
,
or by following the unsubscribe instructions in the
communication
that
you receive. Your opt-out request will be processed within ten (10) days of the
date we receive it. Note that if you opt-out of marketing communications, we
may still e-mail or communicate with you if we need to provide you with
information about the Services, your transactions with the Services, or for any
other legitimate non-marketing purposes.
Most internet browsers allow you to
disable or delete cookies and reject placement of new cookies. Please be aware
that certain portions of the Services may not work properly for you, or provide
personalized or customized content, if you take these steps.
You may opt out of Flash
Cookie placement at
http://helpx.adobe.com/flashplayer/kb/disablethird-party-local-hared.html
.
You can opt out of some
third-party advertising programs that use your information. To do so, please
visit the NAI Opt-Out Page:
http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
.
I
n order to opt-out of sharing
your geolocation and other data with us from your mobile device, you can visit
the “settings” page of your mobile device and review the
information sharing permissions of each application or “app.”
We adhere to
the Digital Advertising Alliance Self-Regulatory Principles for Online
Behavioral Advertising (also referred to as “interest-based
advertising”) and respects the DAA’s consumer choice tool for you
to opt out of interest-based advertising at
https://optout.aboutads.info
.
If you do not wish to
have your information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based
advertisements, you may decline to receive interest based ads through
TrustE/TrustArc’s
preferences manager
(or if you are located in the EU
click
here
).
Please note this does not stop you
from being served advertisements. You will continue to receive generic
advertisements.
For Google Analytics Advertising
Features, you can
opt-out
through
Google Ads Settings
,
Ad Settings for mobile apps, or any
other available means (for example, the NAI's consumer optout listed above).
Google also provides a Google Analytics
opt-out plug-in
for the web.
When you
install our apps on your mobile device you may receive push notifications from
us, which are messages an app sends you on your mobile device even when the app
is not active.
You can turn off push
notifications by visiting your mobile device’s “settings”
page.
When you have opted-in to receiving SMS messages (i.e.
text messages) from us as provided in our
Terms of Service
, you can opt
out of receiving the SMS messages by texting back STOP to the number we send
the text from for that particular SMS message program. When we receive an
opt-out message from you for SMS messages, we may send a message confirming our
receipt of your opt-out.
If you access Services
through our mobile applications, you may also control interest-based
advertising on an iOS or Android device by selecting the “Limit Ad
Tracking” option in the privacy section of the Settings App on iOS or via
advertising preferences on Android-based devices (usually in the Google
Settings app). This will not prevent you from seeing advertisements, but will limit
the use of device advertising identifiers to personalize ads based on your
interests.
7. Your California Privacy
Rights
If you are a California resident and
you decide that you do not want us to share your Personal Information with
third parties for their marketing purposes, please send an e-mail to
support@oldvegasslots.com
.
In this e-mail, state that
you would like the Company not to share
your Personal Information with third parties for their marketing
purposes. Your opt-out request will be processed within thirty (30) days of the
date of which we receive it.
Some web browsers incorporate a
"Do Not Track" feature that signals to web sites that you visit that
you do not want to have your online activity tracked. Please note that Company
does not interpret or respond to "Do Not Track" signals.
8. Links to Other Sites
The
Services may provide links to other web sites that we do not own or operate. We
do not control, recommend, or endorse, and are not responsible for, these
websites or their content, products, services, or privacy practices.
9. How We Protect Personal
Information
We maintain certain administrative
and technical safeguards to help protect against loss, or unauthorized access
to or disclosure, of your Personal Information. However, no electronic data
transmission or storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. We
cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us,
and your use of the Services is at your own risk.
10. International
Operations; Transfers of Information Outside of EU
The Services are operated
in the United States and other countries outside of the EU. Please be aware
that information we collect will be transferred to and processed in the United
State and other countries outside of the EU. By using the Services, providing
us with any information, or
opting in to this Policy by
means of any mechanism we provide, you consent to the collection, processing,
maintenance, and transfer of such information in and to the United States and
other territories in which the privacy laws may not be equivalent to those in
the country where you reside and/or are a citizen.
We store information about players
and visitors to our Services on servers located in the United States and other
countries outside of the EU. Personal Information collected within the EU may
be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside of the EU. The data we
hold may also be processed by employees operating outside of the EU who work
for us or one of our affiliated entities or vendors. This staff may be engaged
in, among other things, (i) the processing of transactions and your payment
details and (ii) the provision of support services. When we transfer your
personal information internationally we will take reasonable steps to ensure
that your personal information is treated securely, lawfully and in the manner
we describe here. Please note that laws vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction,
and so the privacy laws applicable to the places where your information is
transferred to or stored, used or processed in, may be different from the
privacy laws applicable to the place where you are resident.
To the extent that we are
deemed to transfer Personal Information outside of the EU, we rely separately,
alternatively, and independently on the following legal bases to transfer your
information:
Model Clauses
The European Commission has adopted
standard contractual clauses (also known as Model Clauses), which provide safeguards
for personal information that is transferred outside of Europe. We often use
these Model Clauses when transferring personal information outside of Europe.
Necessary for the
performance of the contract between You and Us
We provide voluntary Services;
you can choose whether or not you want to use the Services. However, if you
want to use the Services, you need to agree to our Terms of Service, which set
out the contract between us and our Service users. As we operate in countries
worldwide (including in the US) and use technical infrastructure in the US to
deliver the Services to you, in accordance with the contract between us, we
need to transfer your personal information to the US and to other jurisdictions
as necessary to provide the Services.
Privacy Shield
DGN complies with the
EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of
Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information
transferred from the European Union to the United States. DGN has certified to
the Department
of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles.
If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy {olicy and the
Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn
more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please
visit
https://www.privacyshield.gov/
In compliance with the Privacy Shield
Principles, DGN commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of
your Personal Information. EU individuals with inquiries or complaints
regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact DGN at:
GDPR@dgngames.com
DGN
Games LLC
P.O.
Box 92166
Austin,
TX, 78709-2166
DGN has further committed to refer
unresolved Privacy Shield complaints to VeraSafe, an alternative dispute
resolution provider located in the EU. If you do not receive timely
acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your
complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://www.verasafe.com/privacy-services/contactarticle27representative
for more information or to file a complaint. The
services of VeraSafe are
provided at no cost to you. Please note that if your complaint is not resolved
through these channels, under limited circumstances, a binding arbitration
option may be available before a Privacy Shield Panel.
DGN is subject to the investigatory
and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.
11.
DGN
Liability
1.
In cases of onward
transfer to third parties of Personal Data received pursuant to the EU-U.S. Privacy
Shield and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield, DGN games is potentially liable.
2.
DGN Games shall remain liable under
the Principles if its agent processes such personal information in a manner
inconsistent with the Principles, unless DGN Games proves that it is not
responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
3.
In the context of an onward transfer DGN Games has
responsibility for the processing of personal information it receives under the
Privacy Shield and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent
on its behalf. DGN Games shall remain liable under the Principles if its agent
processes such personal information in a manner inconsistent with the
Principles, unless the organization proves that it is not responsible for the
event giving rise to the damage.
12. Children
The
Services are not directed to children under 18. We do not knowingly collect
information from anyone under 18 years of age. If we determine upon collection
that a user is under this age, we will not use or maintain his/her Personal
Information.
13. Updates to Our Privacy
Policy
This Policy may be
updated periodically and without prior notice to you, and any changes will be
effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Policy through the
Services. However, we will use your Personal Information in a manner consistent
with the Policy in effect at the time the information was collected, unless you
consent to its use in accordance with a new or different version of the Policy.
We will always indicate at the top of this Policy when it was most recently
updated.
14. How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments
about this Policy, please contact us at
support@oldvegasslots.com
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.verasafe.com/privacy-services/contact-article-27-representative/:
Home
Public Resources
Contact an Organization Participating in the Data Protection Representative Program
This page is available in multiple languages
English
Čeština
Deutsch
Español
Français
Nederlands
Polski
Your Inquiry
* Indicates required field
Name of the VeraSafe Client Your Inquiry Is Directed To
*
HTML
Note: We can only handle inquiries related to foreign organizations that have actually appointed VeraSafe to act as their Data Protection Representative. We have no way to prevent an organization from falsely claiming that VeraSafe is their Data Protection Representative.
Provide a Detailed Description of Your Inquiry
*
Your First Name
*
Your Last Name
*
Your Email Address
*
Any Other Contact Information You Wish to Share
We will process your personal data as described in our
Privacy Policy
Submit
If you are a human seeing this field, please leave it empty.
A quick summary of how your inquiry will be handled:
As you’re likely aware, the purpose of this form is to help make it easier for you to get in touch with non-EU and/or non-UK organizations that process your personal data. Given that, any data you submit on this form will be transferred to the foreign organization that you identify in the “Name of the organization that your inquiry relates to” field, above, with the aim of helping resolve your concern. Note that you likely won’t hear any response to your inquiry from VeraSafe directly. Unless the foreign organization specifically authorizes us to respond to you directly, the foreign organization will be fully responsible for handling your inquiry on their own, without any involvement from VeraSafe. In our role as a representative working on behalf of foreign organizations, we can facilitate communication between you and the foreign organization but we don’t have any way to resolve your inquiry ourselves. We want to help you, but we have no power to force any foreign organization to respond to your inquiry, even if we (you and us) both think they should.
Since VeraSafe has a legal obligation to relay your inquiry to the foreign organization you identify above, your rights to request that we not use your data for this purpose are quite limited. Likewise, please be aware that we have a legal obligation to document how we handle your inquiries, which may prevent us from erasing your personal data upon your request. If you do not want VeraSafe to process your personal data, you must not submit such personal data to us in any way. You can always direct your concern to the foreign organization directly (instead of VeraSafe), and you have no obligation to send your inquiry to VeraSafe.
Examples of inquiries that are not likely to be accepted using this form:
Customer service issues
Inquiries that don’t provide enough information or context
Complaints that involve any threats, abusive language, or delivering legal notices
Requests for legal advice
Issues un-related to data protection
Inquiries directed to organizations that have not appointed any VeraSafe entity or affiliate as their Data Protection Representative
Examples of inquiries that are likely to be accepted using this form:
Substantive privacy concerns
Inquiries from regulatory agencies
Requests to exercise privacy rights
Sub-policy 1
https://www.verasafe.com/privacy-services/dispute-resolution/submit-dispute/:
Home
Public Resources
Submit a dispute
Welcome to the VeraSafe dispute resolution system for all VeraSafe self-regulatory programs, as well as disputes under the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF), the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework, Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework, U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework, and U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework. If you have a complaint or dispute concerning a participant of our program(s), you can submit the form below. This service is provided at no cost to the general public. VeraSafe will review your complaint and will try to facilitate a resolution. We can only accept complaints that meet our basic eligibility requirements.
When you submit a complaint, you will receive an automatic reply indicating that VeraSafe has received your complaint. We may need to contact you to gather additional information about your complaint. Our investigation typically starts within two business days of receiving your submission.
Additional resources:
VeraSafe Privacy Program Certification Criteria
Terms of the VeraSafe Data Privacy Framework Dispute Resolution Procedure
Notice: JavaScript is required for this content.
Email
info@verasafe.com
Phone
1-617-398-7067
Sub-policy 2
https://www.privacyshield.gov/:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;
Sub-policy 3
https://www.verasafe.com/privacy-services/contactarticle27representative:
Home
404
404
Page not found
We couldn’t find the page you were looking for. This is either because:
There is an error in the URL entered into your web browser.
The page you are looking for has been moved or deleted.
You can return to our homepage by
clicking here
, use the navigation at the top of the page or try one of these links:
EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Certification
Privacy Shield Dispute Resolution
GDPR Compliance
GDPR for Clinical Trials in the EU
Data Protection Officer Service
GDPR Article 27 Representative Service
Data Breach Response
CCPA Compliance
Web Application Pen Testing
Email
info@verasafe.com
Phone
1-617-398-7067