PRIVACY POLICY
REV. Date: October 18, 2024
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which PDF Technologies, Inc. collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the
https://www.pdfreaderpro.com/
website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by PDF Technologies, Inc.
USER DATA PROCESSING
Personal identification information
Where you have the right to data portability under Article 20 of the EU and UK GDPR, you may request that we send the information you have provided to us in a format that can be read by a computer, to another organization designated by you.
If you request PDF Technologies, Inc. to stop, or restrict, collecting, processing, using your Personal Data, or to delete your Personal Data, we may be unable to continue to provide the Services, or unable to provide a complete experience of the Services, pursuant to your request.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about users when you visit our website, install or use our products or services. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information. Also the product information of non-personal identification information may be included, such as the product name, licensing type, version (with PDF Converter or not), language, and any changes to the license status.
Data we process only if you submit it to us
Data we collect if you submit to us through the data collection form in the purchase process or other processes:
1. Account Data: In our website, you can register for an account with your e-mail address and a password you create. If you register on our website successfully, you will automatically create an account you can use to manage your licensed product. Usually, you need to provide your Name, Gender, Age, Image, Email address, Address, Country, Postal code, Phone number, Company name and industry you work for to create your account;
2. Transaction Data: Billing information, such as your name, email address, billing address, your business affiliation (company or organization name). Type of Product you purchase, Amount you pay in your currency, Subscription ID, Subscription-related URLs (such as purchase confirmation page URL, subscription cancelation URL, invoice PDF URL);
3. Comment Data;
4. Content of customer support communications;
5. Other Data you voluntarily provide to us.
Data we process if you use our Products
Data we collect if you use our Products:
We have different kinds of products and different products may collect different data. Generally, the data we collect are limited to:
1. your product license code;
2. Product Usage Data. We collect information about the products you use and how you use them, including but not limited to Launch data, Feature usage, Page clicks, Sign-in information;
3. Product Installation Data. Your local device information, including but not limited to your device information, device hardware, operating system, other software on your system, Username, your Account ID, location, IP address, operating log information, the size and format of the files you are working with;
4. Crash data and the information of the files you are working with. If the User meets with a crash problem, we will enquire if the User agrees to send the original document to PDF Technologies, Inc. Only if the User agrees to send PDF Technologies, Inc. the original document, PDF Technologies, Inc. can have access to the original document;
WEB BROWSER COOKIES
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
More information can be found in our
Cookie Policy
.
HOW WE USE COLLECTED INFORMATION
PDF Technologies, Inc. collects and uses Users personal information for the following purposes:
To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To send periodic emails
If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Our Site is in compliance with PCI vulnerability standards in order to create as secure of an environment as possible for Users.
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above. We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
GDPR
PDF Technologies, Inc fully understands our obligations concerning your personal data under the EU and UK GDPR.
THIRD PARTY SERVICES
Some of our products may use the Third-Party services. When Third-Party Services are enabled by a Customer or an Authorized User, PDF Technologies, Inc. may share Information with Third-Party Services. Third-Party Services are not owned or controlled by PDF Technologies, Inc. and third parties that have been granted access to Information may have their own policies and practices for its collection, use, and sharing. Please check the permissions, privacy settings, and notices for these Third-Party Services or contact the provider for any questions.
ADVERTISING
Ads appearing on our site may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non personal identification information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
PDF Technologies, Inc. has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
CONTACTING US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
PDF Technologies, Inc.
https://www.pdfreaderpro.com/contact
PDF Technologies, Inc. fully understands our obligations concerning your personal data under the EU and UK GDPR.
This document was last updated on October 18, 2024