About
Contact
Legal
Legal Information
PRIVACY POLICY
Connect Works Inc. (“Company”) knows that you care about how your personal information is used and shared, and we take your privacy 
			seriously.  Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy.  By using the Company services and/or visiting 
			the www.GetStarsApp.com website and domain name (the “Website”), and any other linked pages, features, content, or other application 
			services offered from time to time by Company in connection therewith (collectively, the "Service"), you acknowledge that you 
			accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy.
WHAT DOES THIS PRIVACY POLICY COVER?
This Privacy Policy covers Company’s treatment of information ("Personal Information") that 
			accumulates when you use the Service and when you access the Website.  This policy does not apply to the practices of companies 
			that Company does not own or control, or to individuals that Company does not employ or manage.
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DOES COMPANY COLLECT?
The information we gather from customers enables us to personalize and improve the Service. We collect the following types
		 of information from our customers:
Personal Information You Provide to Us:
We receive and store any information you enter when using our app.  All the personal information collected by the system is used only to personalize your service and are NOT shared with any 3rd party in any circumstance. These are the Personal Information collected: your name, email address(optional) and your display photo. Further more, no users are searchable on Stars and your information is shared with only the people you connect with on Stars. It is fully private and secured.
Non-Personal Information Collected Automatically:
Communication Content. One of the primary reasons people use Stars is to communicate with others. Voice, text and pictures that you create to communicate with your contacts and colleagues will be stored on your device and on our servers for a period of time. The content is stored on the server for displaying the message history and to make messages available across different clients that users may use. This information is shared only with the your contacts with whom the messages and media were exchanged. These are not used for any other purposes.
Location information. We do NOT automatically collect your location information.
We receive and store certain types of non-personal information whenever you interact with our Website or use the Service.  For example, Company automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, browser, device and OS information, cookie data (if applicable), and the page you requested.
Generally, our service automatically collects usage information, such as the numbers and frequency of messages sent and received via the Service and visitors to our Website, similar to TV ratings that indicate how many people watched a particular show.  Company only uses this data in aggregate form, that is, as a statistical measure, and not in a manner that would identify you personally.  This type of aggregate data enables us to figure out how often customers use parts of the Service or Website so that we can make them appealing to as many customers as possible, and improve them as necessary.  As part of this use of information, we may provide aggregate information to our partners about how our customers, collectively, use our Service or Website.  We share this type of statistical data so that our partners also understand how often people use the Service or Website, so that they, too, may provide you with an optimal level of service and online experience. Again, Company never discloses aggregate information to a partner in a manner that would identify you personally.
Inviting contacts:
When you invite your contacts to Stars using SMS or eMail, the SMS or email is sent via using your SMS or Email applications or optionally can be sent via our service on your behalf if you do not have the ability to send SMS or email by your self.
E-mail Communications:
We often receive a confirmation when you open an email from Company if your computer supports this type of program. Company uses this confirmation to help us make emails more interesting and helpful.  We also compare our customer list to lists received from other companies, in an effort to avoid sending unnecessary messages to our customers.  When you receive e-mail from Company, you can opt out of receiving further e-mails by following the included instructions to unsubscribe.
Ads appearing through the Service or on the Website may be delivered to users by our advertising partners, who may use cookies or other targeting mechanisms. These mechanisms allow the ad server to recognize your device  or computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your device or computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of targeting mechanisms by Company and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Deleting your account
To delete your account from Stars, please send us an email at help@GetStarsApp.com
WILL COMPANY SHARE ANY OF THE PERSONAL INFORMATION IT RECEIVES?
Personal Information about our customers is an integral part of our business.  We neither rent nor sell your Personal Information to anyone.  We share your Personal Information only as described below.
Ad Networks:
We do not have any advertisements on Stars. We do not share or sell information to any ad networks.
Agents:
We employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and need to share your information with them to provide products or services to you.    Unless we tell you differently, Company’s agents do not have any right to use Personal Information we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us. You hereby consent to our sharing of Personal Information for the above purposes.
Promotional Offers:
In the future, We may send offers to you on behalf of other businesses.  However, when we do so, we do not give the other business your name and address.  If you do not wish to receive these offers, please send an email with your request to help@GetStarsApp.com.
Business Transfers:
In some cases, we may choose to buy or sell assets.  In these types of transactions, customer information is typically one of the business assets that are transferred.  Moreover, if Company, or substantially all of its assets were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Company goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, customer information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Company may continue to use your Personal Information as set forth in this policy.
Protection of Company and Others:
We may release Personal Information when we believe in good faith that release is necessary to comply with the law; enforce or apply our conditions of use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Company, our employees, our users, or others.  This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
IS PERSONAL INFORMATION ABOUT ME SECURE?
Company endeavors to protect user information and to ensure that user account information is kept private; however, Company cannot guarantee the security of user account information.  Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors, may compromise the security of user information. 
		The Service and the Website contain links to other sites. Company is not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices on other sites. When linking to another site you should read the privacy policy stated on that site.  This Privacy Policy only governs information collected through the Service or on the Website.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Company may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time.  Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used.  If we make changes in the way we use Personal Information, we will notify you by posting an announcement on our Website or sending you an email.  Users are bound by any changes to the Privacy Policy when he or she uses the Service or the Website after such changes have been first posted.
Questions or Concerns
If you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy in our Service, please send us a detailed message at help@GetStarsApp.com.  We will make every effort to resolve your concerns.
Last updated:July 28 2021
Copyright © 2021 Connect Works, Inc. All rights reserved.
TERMS OF USE
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE (“AGREEMENT” OR “TERMS OF USE”) CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE SERVICES OFFERED BY CONNECT STAR WORKS, INC. (“COMPANY”).  THIS AGREEMENT SETS FORTH THE LEGALLY BINDING TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR YOUR USE OF THE VARIOUS WEBSITES OWNED AND OPERATED BY COMPANY , INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE WWW.GETSTARSAPP.COM WEBSITE AND DOMAIN NAME (“SITES”), AND ANY OTHER FEATURES, CONTENT, OR APPLICATIONS OFFERED FROM TIME TO TIME BY THE COMPANY IN CONNECTION THEREWITH (COLLECTIVELY “SERVICE”).  BY USING THE SITES OR SERVICE IN ANY MANNER, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO VISITING OR BROWSING THE SITES, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT.  THIS AGREEMENT APPLIES TO ALL USERS OF THE SITES OR SERVICE, INCLUDING USERS WHO ARE ALSO CONTRIBUTORS OF CONTENT, INFORMATION, AND OTHER MATERIALS OR SERVICES ON THE SITES.
Acceptance of Terms.
The Service is offered subject to acceptance without modification of all of the terms and conditions contained herein (the “Terms of Use”) and all other operating rules, policies and procedures that may be published from time to time on the Sites by Company.  In addition, some services offered through the Service may be subject to additional terms and conditions promulgated by Company from time to time; your use of such services is subject to those additional terms and conditions, which are incorporated into these Terms of Use by this reference.  
		The service is available for individuals aged under and over 13 years of age. If you are under 13 years of age, you should review these terms with your parent or guardian to make sure that you and your parent or guardian understand these terms. You should get thier permission before using this app. 
		Company may, in its sole discretion, refuse to offer the Service to any person or entity and change its eligibility criteria at any time.  This provision is void where prohibited by law and the right to access the Service is revoked in such jurisdictions.
Modification of Terms of Use.
Company reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace any of the Terms of Use, or change, suspend, or discontinue the Service (including without limitation, the availability of any feature, database, or content) at any time by posting a notice on the Sites or by sending you an email.  Company may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict your access to parts or all of the Service without notice or liability.  It is your responsibility to check the Terms of Use periodically for changes.  Your continued use of the Service following the posting of any changes to the Terms of Use constitutes acceptance of those changes.
Rules of Conduct.
As a condition of use, you promise not to use the Service for any purpose that is prohibited by the Terms of Use.  The Service (including, without limitation, any Content, or User Submissions as defined below) is provided only for your own personal, non-commercial use.  You are responsible for all of your activity in connection with the Service.  For purposes of the Terms of Use, the term “Content” includes, without limitation, any advertisements, advice, suggestions, videos, audio clips, written forum comments, information, data, text, photographs, software, scripts, graphics, and interactive features generated, provided, or otherwise made accessible by Company or its partners on or through the Service.
By way of example, and not as a limitation, you shall not (and shall not permit any third party to) either (a) take any action or (b) upload, download, post, submit or otherwise distribute or facilitate distribution of any content on or through the Service, that:
infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, right of publicity or other right of any other person or entity;
is unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, deceptive, fraudulent, invasive of another's privacy, tortious, obscene, offensive, or profane;
constitutes unauthorized or unsolicited advertising, junk or bulk e-mail ("spamming");
involves commercial activities and/or sales without Company’s prior written consent such as contests, sweepstakes, barter, advertising, or pyramid schemes;
contains software viruses or any other computer codes, files, or programs that are designed or intended to disrupt, damage, limit or interfere with the proper function of any software, hardware, or telecommunications equipment or to damage or obtain unauthorized access to any system, data, password or other information of Company or any third party; or
impersonates any person or entity, including any employee or representative of Company.
Additionally, you shall not: (i) take any action that imposes or may impose (as determined by Company in its sole discretion) an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on Company’s (or its third party providers’) infrastructure; (ii) interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Service or any activities conducted on the Service; (iii) bypass any measures Company may use to prevent or restrict access to the Service (or other accounts, computer systems or networks connected to the Service); (iv) run Maillist, Listserv, any form of auto-responder or “spam” on the Service; or (v) use manual or automated software, devices, or other processes to “crawl” or “spider” any page of the Sites.  

		You shall not (directly or indirectly): (i) decipher, decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer or otherwise attempt to derive any source code or underlying ideas or algorithms of any part of the Service, except to the limited extent applicable laws specifically prohibit such restriction, (ii) modify, translate, or otherwise create derivative works of any part of the Service, or (iii) copy, rent, lease, distribute, or otherwise transfer any or all of the rights that you receive hereunder. You shall abide by all applicable local, state, national and international laws and regulations.
		Company reserves the right to remove any Content from the Sites or Service at any time, for any reason (including, but not limited to, upon receipt of claims or allegations from third parties or authorities relating to such Content or if Company is concerned that you may have violated the Terms of Use), or for no reason at all.
Registration.
As a condition to using certain aspects of the Service, you will be required to register with Company and select a password and screen name (“Company User ID”). You shall provide Company with accurate, complete, and updated registration information.  Failure to do so shall constitute a breach of the Terms of Use, which may result in immediate termination of your Company account.  You shall not (i) select or use as a Company User ID a name of another person with the intent to impersonate that person; (ii) use as a Company User ID a name subject to any rights of a person other than you without appropriate authorization; or (iii) use as a Company User ID a name that is otherwise offensive, vulgar or obscene. Company reserves the right to refuse registration of, or cancel a Company User ID in its sole discretion.  You are solely responsible for activity that occurs on your account and shall be responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Company password.  You shall never use another user’s account without such other user’s express permission.  You will immediately notify Company in writing of any unauthorized use of your account, or other account related security breach of which you are aware.
Fees and Payment.
Company reserves the right to require payment of fees for certain features of the Service. Should you elect to subscribe to such features, you shall pay all applicable fees, as described on the Sites in connection with such features. Company reserves the right to change its price list and to institute new charges at any time, upon ten (10) days prior notice to you, which may be sent by email or posted on the Sites. Use of the Service by you following such notification constitutes your acceptance of any new or increased charges.
Third Party Sites.
The Service may permit you to link to other websites or resources on the Internet, and other websites or resources may contain links to the Sites.  When you access third party websites, you do so at your own risk.  These other websites are not under Company's control, and you acknowledge that Company is not responsible or liable for the content, functions, accuracy, legality, appropriateness or any other aspect of such websites or resources.  The inclusion of any such link does not imply endorsement by Company or any association with its operators.  You further acknowledge and agree that Company shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on any such Content, goods or services available on or through any such website or resource.
No Emergency Services.
You expressly agree and understand that the Service is not intended to support or carry emergency or time-critical calls or communications to any type of hospital, law enforcement agency, medical care unit or any other kind of emergency or time-critical service (“Emergency Services”).  Company, its affiliates or staff are in no way liable for such emergency calls or communications.  By agreeing to these Terms of Use you understand that additional arrangements must be made to access Emergency Services.  To access Emergency Services, you acknowledge and accept your responsibility to purchase, separately from the Service, traditional wireless or wireline telephone service and other means of communication intended for access to Emergency Services.  You recognize and agree that Company is not required to offer Emergency Services or access thereto pursuant to any applicable local and or national rules, regulation or law.  You further acknowledge that Company is not a replacement for your primary telephone service or any other means of communication.
Company and Site Content.
You agree that the Service contains Content specifically provided by Company or its partners and that such Content is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents, trade secrets or other proprietary rights and laws.  You shall abide by all copyright notices, information, and restrictions contained in any Content accessed through the Service.  You shall not sell, license, rent, modify, distribute, copy, reproduce, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, publish, adapt, edit, create derivative works from, or otherwise exploit any Content or third party submissions or other proprietary rights not owned by you, (i) without the consent of the respective owners or other valid right, and (ii) in any way that violates any third party right.
You may, to the extent the Sites expressly authorize you to do so, download or copy the Content, and other items displayed on the Sites for download, for personal use only, provided that you maintain all copyright and other notices contained in such Content.  You shall not store any significant portion of any Content in any form.  Copying or storing of any Content for other than personal, noncommercial use is expressly prohibited without prior written permission from Company, or from the copyright holder identified in such Content's copyright notice.
User Submissions.
The Service may provide you with the ability to upload, submit, disclose, distribute or otherwise post (hereafter, “posting”) content, videos, audio clips, written forum comments, data, text, photographs, software, scripts, graphics, works of authorship or other information to the Services (“User Submissions”).  By posting User Submissions on or at any of the Sites or otherwise through the Service, you:
By submitting the User Submissions to Company, or displaying, publishing, or otherwise posting any content on or through the Sites or the Service, you hereby do and shall grant Company a worldwide, non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, fully paid, sublicensable and transferable license to use, modify, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, perform, and otherwise fully exploit the User Submissions in connection with the Sites, the Service and Company’s (and its successors and assigns) business, including without limitation for promoting and redistributing part or all of the Sites (and derivative works thereof) or the Service in any media formats and through any media channels (including, without limitation, third party websites). You also hereby do and shall grant each user of the Sites and/or the Service a non-exclusive license to access your User Submissions through the Sites and the Service, and to use, modify, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display and perform such User Submissions as permitted through the functionality of the Sites and the Service and under these Terms of Use. For clarity, the foregoing license grant to Company does not affect your other ownership or license rights in your User Submission(s), including the right to grant additional licenses to the material in your User Submission(s), unless otherwise agreed in writing;
represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all rights to such User Submissions and that disclosure and use of such User Submissions by Company (including without limitation, publishing content on or at the Sites) will not infringe or violate the rights of any third party; and
understand that Company shall have the right to reformat, excerpt, or translate any materials, content or information submitted by you; and that all information publicly posted or privately transmitted through the Sites is the sole responsibility of the person from which such content originated and that Company will not be liable for any errors or omissions in any content; and that Company cannot guarantee the identity of any other users with whom you may interact in the course of using the Service.
Company does not endorse and has no control over any User Submission.  Company cannot guarantee the authenticity of any data which users may provide about themselves.  You acknowledge that all Content accessed by you using the Service is at your own risk and you will be solely responsible for any damage or loss to any party resulting therefrom.
Company has no obligation to monitor the Site, Service, Content, or User Submissions.  Company may remove any User Submission at any time for any reason (including, but not limited to, upon receipt of claims or allegations from third parties or authorities relating to such User Submission), or for no reason at all.
Under no circumstances will Company be liable in any way for any Content, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any Content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred in connection with use of or exposure to any Content posted, emailed, accessed, transmitted or otherwise made available via the Service.
Termination.
Company may terminate your access to all or any part of the Service at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately, which may result in the forfeiture and destruction of all information associated with your membership.  If you wish to terminate your account, you may do so by following the instructions on the Sites.  Any fees paid hereunder are non-refundable.  All provisions of the Terms of Use which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Warranty Disclaimer.
Company has no special relationship with or fiduciary duty to you. You acknowledge that Company has no control over, and no duty to take any action regarding: which users gains access to the Website; what Content you access via the Website; what effects the Content may have on you; how you may interpret or use the Content; or what actions you may take as a result of having been exposed to the Content. You release Company from all liability for you having acquired or not acquired Content through the Sites. The Sites may contain, or direct you to websites containing, information that some people may find offensive or inappropriate. Company makes no representations concerning any content contained in or accessed through the Sites, and Company will not be responsible or liable for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality or decency of material contained in or accessed through the Sites.
THE SERVICE (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY CONTENT) IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE” AND IS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND ANY WARRANTIES IMPLIED BY ANY COURSE OF PERFORMANCE OR USAGE OF TRADE, ALL OF WHICH ARE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED.  COMPANY, AND ITS DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS, PARTNERS AND CONTENT PROVIDERS DO NOT WARRANT THAT: (A) THE SERVICE WILL BE SECURE OR AVAILABLE AT ANY PARTICULAR TIME OR LOCATION; (B) ANY DEFECTS OR ERRORS WILL BE CORRECTED; (C) ANY CONTENT OR SOFTWARE AVAILABLE AT OR THROUGH THE SERVICE IS FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS; OR (D) THE RESULTS OF USING THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS.  YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE IS SOLELY AT YOUR OWN RISK.
SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY LASTS, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Electronic Communications Privacy Act Notice (18USC 2701-2711): COMPANY MAKES NO GUARANTY OF CONFIDENTIALITY OR PRIVACY OF ANY COMMUNICATION OR INFORMATION TRANSMITTED ON THE SITES OR ANY WEBSITE LINKED TO THE SITES. Company will not be liable for the privacy of email addresses, registration and identification information, disk space, communications, confidential or trade-secret information, or any other Content stored on Company’s equipment, transmitted over networks accessed by the Sites, or otherwise connected with your use of the Service.
Indemnification.
You shall  defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Company, its affiliates and each of its, and its affiliates  employees, contractors, directors, suppliers and representatives from all liabilities, claims, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, that arise from or relate to (i) your use or misuse of, or access to, the Sites, Service, Content or otherwise from your User Submissions (ii) your violation of the Terms of Use, or (iii) infringement by you, or any third party using the your account, of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity.  Company reserves the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will assist and cooperate with Company in asserting any available defenses.
General Content Disclaimer.
The Content provided by or through the Service is for entertainment purposes only, and should not be relied upon.  
			Company makes no representations or warranties concerning the appropriateness, accuracy, reliability, usefulness, completeness,
			 or timeliness of such Content.  No Content is intended to substitute for personal advice from a qualified professional.  
			 When applicable, always seek the advice of a qualified professional, and never disregard professional advice or delay in 
			 seeking it because of any Content.
By using the Service, you agree that Company shall not be responsible for (1) any Content, (2) any person’s reliance on any 
			such Content, whether or not correct, current and complete, or (3) the consequences of any action that you or any other person 
			takes or fails to take based on any Content or otherwise as a result of your use of the Service.
Limitation of Liability.
IN NO EVENT SHALL COMPANY, NOR ITS DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, PARTNERS, SUPPLIERS OR CONTENT PROVIDERS, BE LIABLE UNDER 
			CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, NEGLIGENCE OR ANY OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICE (INCLUDING, 
			WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY CONTENT) (I) FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, DATA LOSS, COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, OR 
			SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER, SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES 
			(HOWEVER ARISING), (II) FOR ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE (REGARDLESS OF THE SOURCE OF ORIGINATION), (III) 
			FOR YOUR RELIANCE ON THE SERVICE OR (IV) FOR ANY DIRECT DAMAGES IN EXCESS OF (IN THE AGGREGATE) ONE-HUNDRED U.S. DOLLARS 
			($100.00).  SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE 
			LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
International/Non-California Use.
Company makes no representation that the Content is appropriate or available for use in locations outside of California, 
			and accessing the Service is prohibited from territories where such Content is illegal.  If you access the Service from other
			 locations, you do so at your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws.
Dispute Resolution.
A printed version of the Terms of Use and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or
		 administrative proceedings based upon or relating to the Terms of Use to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as
		  other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.  You and Company agree that any cause 
		  of action arising out of or related to the Service must commence within one (1) year after the cause of action arose; otherwise, 
		  such cause of action is permanently barred.
The Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, excluding its 
			conflicts of law rules, and the United States of America.  Any dispute arising from or relating to the subject matter of this 
			Agreement shall be finally settled by arbitration in San Francisco County, California, using the English language in accordance 
			with the Arbitration Rules and Procedures of Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services, Inc. ("JAMS") then in effect, by one 
			commercial arbitrator with substantial experience in resolving intellectual property and commercial contract disputes, who shall 
			be selected from the appropriate list of JAMS arbitrators in accordance with the Arbitration Rules and Procedures of JAMS. The 
			prevailing party in the arbitration shall be entitled to receive reimbursement of its reasonable expenses (including reasonable 
			attorneys' fees, expert witness fees and all other expenses) incurred in connection therewith.  Judgment upon the award so 
			rendered may be entered in a court having jurisdiction or application may be made to such court for judicial acceptance of any
			 award and an order of enforcement, as the case may be.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, each party shall have the right to 
			 institute an action in a court of proper jurisdiction for injunctive or other equitable relief pending a final decision by 
			 the arbitrator.  For all purposes of this Agreement, the parties consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the United 
			 States Federal Courts located in the Northern District of California. Use of the Service is not authorized in any jurisdiction 
			 that does not give effect to all provisions of the Terms of Use, including without limitation, this section.
Integration and Severability.
The Terms of Use are the entire agreement between you and Company with respect to the Service and use of the Sites, and 
			supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals (whether oral, written or electronic) between you and 
			Company with respect to the Sites.  If any provision of the Terms of Use is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision 
			will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that the Terms of Use will otherwise remain in full force and 
			effect and enforceable.  The failure of either party to exercise in any respect any right provided for herein shall not be
			 deemed a waiver of any further rights hereunder.
Miscellaneous.
Company shall not be liable for any failure to perform its obligations hereunder where such failure results from any cause 
			beyond Company’s reasonable control, including, without limitation, mechanical, electronic or communications failure or 
			degradation (including "line-noise" interference).  The Terms of Use are personal to you, and are not assignable, transferable
			or sublicensable by you except with Company's prior written consent.  Company may assign, transfer or delegate any of its 
			rights and obligations hereunder without consent.  No agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment relationship is 
			created as a result of the Terms of Use and neither party has any authority of any kind to bind the other in any respect.
			In any action or proceeding to enforce rights under the Terms of Use, the prevailing party will be entitled to recover
			costs and attorneys' fees.  All notices under the Terms of Use will be in writing and will be deemed to have been duly 
			given when received, if personally delivered or sent by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested; when 
			receipt is electronically confirmed, if transmitted by facsimile or e-mail; or the day after it is sent, if sent for next
			day delivery by recognized overnight delivery service.
Digital Millennium Copyright Act Notice.
Stars uses the following general policy toward copyright infringement in accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright 
			Act or DMCA:
Stars respects the intellectual property of others, and we ask our users to do the same. Stars will attempt to remove or 
			disable access to material hosted by Stars that Stars believes in good faith to be copyrighted, unlawful, offensive, 
			threatening, obscene, or objectionable material. At Stars's sole discretion, Stars may limit access, suspend, disable 
			and/or terminate the accounts of users who are considered copyright and intellectual property infringers or any person which 
			it identifies as a repeat infringer. Stars may, in appropriate circumstances and at its discretion, disable and/or terminate 
			the accounts of users who may be repeat infringers. Please understand that it is our policy to respond to clear notices of 
			alleged copyright infringement. Please email us at help@GetStarsApp.com to send us any notice regarding infringment.
The form of notice specified is consistent with the form suggested by the United States Digital Millennium Copyright Act 
		(the text of which can be found at the U.S. Copyright Office Web Site, http://www.copyright.gov) but we will respond to notices 
		of this form from other jurisdictions as well.
Regardless of whether we may be liable for such infringement under local country law or United States law, our response may 
			include removing or disabling access to material claimed to be the subject of infringing activity and/or terminating 
			subscribers. If we remove or disable access in response to such a notice, we may notify the owner or administrator of the 
			affected site or content so that he or she can make a counter notification
IMPORTANT: Misrepresentations made in your notice regarding whether material or activity is infringing may expose you to liability
		 for damages (including costs and attorneys' fees). You must consider copyright defenses, limitations or exceptions before sending a 
		 notice. If you are not sure whether material available online infringes your copyright, we suggest that you first contact an attorney.
		(iv) License to User Content posted to Stars Site. By providing or using your User Content on the Stars Site, you automatically grant,
		 and you represent and warrant that you have the right to grant, to Stars an irrevocable, nonexclusive, royalty-free and fully paid, 
		 worldwide license to reproduce, distribute, publicly display and perform, prepare derivative works of, incorporate into other works, 
		 and otherwise use your User Content, and to grant sublicenses of the foregoing. You agree to irrevocably waive (and cause to be 
		 waived) any claims and assertions of moral rights or attribution with respect to your User Content.
Contact.
You may contact Company at the following address: help@GetStarsApp.com
Effective date: July 28 2021
Last updated: July 28 2021
Copyright © 2021 Connect Works, Inc. All rights reserved.