(‘SayIt’) Say It: English Pronunciation Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions
Background
Phona Ltd (a UK registered company, number 08913278) designed and built the Say It: English Pronunciation (‘SayIt’) apps as Freemium apps. They are provided by Phona for English language learners and educators to download at no cost and are intended for use by consumers, as free apps with accessible in-app purchase subscription options.
SayIt offers a 1-month, 3-month or 12-month subscription for access to premium content and features; we are constantly considering improvements and periodically add more content and new features. You can cancel your subscription any time through your App Store or Google Play account. Customers who purchased SayIt version 2 before 2021 will have a period of free access to the premium content on updating to version 3 (subscription) for 12 months. Please contact us at info@phona.co.uk if you need support with this.
Subscriptions
The SayIt app offers a number of different subscription options, on an auto-renewing basis. When you subscribe for the first time, we may offer a free 7-day trial for you to explore all the features of the app and the full 70,000-word dictionary of recordings/words (British and American English accents). After 7 days, if you choose to continue to use the full version of SayIt, your subscription charges will begin.
You can check your renewal date in the Premium tab of the app, and cancel your subscription at any time through your App Store or Google Play account.
In Google Play, we offer an Introductory Price of up to -50% on the first month of a 1-month subscription. Please be aware that after the first month, the cost will revert to the full monthly subscription price.
For more information about managing or cancelling your subscription, see guidelines on the
App Store
or
Google Play
. Alternatively, contact us for support.
If you choose to use SayIt, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy, and to our Terms and Conditions below.
Privacy Policy
Information Collection and Use
The Personal Information that we collect is used to improve the app. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions.
For a better experience while using our apps, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this Privacy Policy.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you and provide a better experience.
Google Play Services
Firebase Analytics
App Store Connect
Log Data
Whenever you use SayIt, we may collect log data and information (through third party products). These data may include information such as your device's IP address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when using it, the time and date of your use of the app, and other statistics. These data helps us improve the app functions.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
SayIt does not use cookies directly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that in turn use cookies to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this service.
Subscriptions
The SayIt app offers a number of different subscription options, on an auto-renewing basis. You can check your renewal date at any time in the app, and cancel at any time through your app store.
For more information about managing or cancelling your subscription, see guidelines on the
App Store
or
Google Play
.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals for to the following reasons:
To facilitate our apps;
To provide the apps on our behalf;
To perform app-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our app is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Information in order to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, and we always strive to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. However, no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage can be 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
Our apps may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our apps are not primarily aimed at anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we can take the necessary actions.
Terms and Conditions of use
By downloading or using the app, these terms will automatically apply to you – you should make sure therefore that you read them carefully before using the app.
You are not allowed to copy, or modify the app, any part of the app, or our trademarks in any way.
You may not resell or rent out the app to third parties in any way or by any means.
You are not allowed to attempt to extract the source code of the app, and you may not translate the app into other languages, nor make derivative versions.
The app itself, and all the trademarks, copyright, database rights and other intellectual property rights related to it belong to Phona Ltd and its parent company, ProSpeech Technologies Ltd.
Phona is committed to ensuring that the app is as useful and efficient as possible. For that reason, we reserve the right to make changes to the app or to charge for its services, at any time and for any reason. We will never charge you for the app or its services without making it very clear to you exactly what you’re paying for.
The SayIt app stores and processes personal data that you have provided to us, in order to provide our Service. It is your responsibility to keep your phone and access to the app secure.
We strongly recommend that you do not "jailbreak" or "root" your phone: these are the iOs and Android terms for removing software restrictions and limitations imposed by the official operating system of your device. Doing either could make your phone vulnerable to malware or viruses, compromise your phone’s security features and prevent the SayIt app from working properly or at all. Obviously we will bear no responsibility for any losses you incur in these circumstances, and in using the SayIt app you agree to this.
Use of third-party service providers
The app uses third party services that declare their own Terms and Conditions:
Google Play Services
App Store Connect
Google Analytics for Firebase
Although we endeavour to ensure the app is updated and correct at all times, we rely on third parties to provide information to us that we make available to you. Phona accepts no liability for any loss, direct or indirect, you experience as a result of relying wholly on this functionality of the app.
App Updates
We will, from time to time, update the SayIt app, in order to improve its functionality or make it available for new versions of Android or iOS as these are released.
Whilst we try to ensure these updates retain functionality on older devices, we recognise that there are circumstances beyond our control, such as changes to the Android and iOS operating systems, to which the SayIt app must conform.
We cannot guarantee that future updates of the SayIt app will continue to function on older devices, especially those running obsolete versions of the Android or iOS operating systems, or which have been "rooted" or "jailbroken" so as to alter their security model from that provided by the manufacturer.
In purchasing and using the app you accept that this is an acceptable risk and that we will not refund your purchase price should the app cease to function because of circumstances outside our control, explicitly because of Android or iOS updates.
Changes to This Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions
We may update our Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions from time to time. As such, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions on this page. These Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions statements are effective as of 30-January-24 and will be reviewed regularly.
Legal Jurisdiction
In the event of a dispute arising between you and Phona Limited, its affiliates or its agents, you agree to be bound by the law of England and Wales, and the jurisdiction of its courts. Nothing in this document is intended to remove any statutory rights you may have under English Law.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about our apps, Privacy Policy or Terms and Conditions, do not hesitate to contact us at info@phona.co.uk stating your contact information and where possible, screenshots of your experience.
If you are enjoying your experience and how useful SayIt app is to your learning journey, why not let the team know by rating us on the app store? We regularly integrate new user feature requests and ideas into our development roadmap!