Our Privacy Policy
We respect your family's privacy
At OkiPlay, we're committed to protecting you and your family's privacy. We comply with COPPA (The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act). This Privacy Policy was updated on 20th August 2020.
OkiPlay Apps are COPPA compliant
There are no 3rd party ads in OkiPlay Apps
There is no social media integration in OkiPlay Apps
All OkiPlay Apps have parental gates in front of external links
OkiPlay does not collect location data
OkiPlay does not collect kids personal information.
Please be aware that when you download and use our apps, or use our website, you are accepting the terms of this Privacy Policy.
We hope what's below covers everything, but if you have any questions at all, do please drop us a line at hello@okiplay.com. It's likely that we'll need to update this Privacy Policy every now and again to make sure it's accurate. We'll let you know of any major changes, but the most up-to-date version will always be here for you to check.
How we collect your personal data
We do not knowingly collect any personal data from children under the age of 13. If you believe we may have mistakenly collected such information, please contact us so we can resolve the issue. The only personal data that OkiPlay collects is from parents and that takes place when: (1) You sign up to receive our marketing emails by filling in your details on our website, or in our apps (2) You email OkiPlay with a request for help with an app, or with a comment or question (3) You fill in and send the Contact Us form on the OkiPlay website.
The type of personal data we collect
The personal data we may collect includes your name and email address, and emails you send to us.
How and why we use your personal data
Collecting your data allows us to give you a high level of customer service and the best possible experience of OkiPlay. We need your contact information to be able to respond to your requests for support, your queries and comments. We use your personal data only to directly reply to the specific query or comment and for no other purpose.
When you sign up to receive OkiPlay marketing emails, we will use your personal data to email you about OkiPlay's new apps and special offers. You can always opt out of receiving our emails at any time. Signing up to receive our marketing emails via our apps is strictly for parents and is only accessible through the parents section, which is behind a parental gate.
How long will we assume your consent for marketing emails?
After your initial consent to sign up to our marketing emails, we assume you still want to hear from us if you're opening our emails. If you haven't done this for a period of three years, we'll get in touch to reconfirm that you still want to hear from us. If we can't make contact with you, we will unsubscribe you from our list.
Who we need to share your personal data with and why
At times we need to share your personal data with trusted third parties we have chosen to work with. We have selected Mailchimp as our email marketing system (also know as a marketing automation platform). We only provide what they need to carry out the services we request, and they cannot use your data for anything other than the purposes that they have your data for. Your data is deleted or rendered anonymous if we stop working with them. MailChimp is based in the US and participates in, and has certified its compliance with, the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. Click here to view the
Mailchimp Privacy Policy
and their
Terms
.
We will never sell or trade your contact details with any third parties.
Your rights over your personal data
You have a choice as to whether or not you receive marketing emails from us and you can withdraw your consent at any time. You can do this by: (1) Clicking the 'unsubscribe' link in any email communication that we send you, we will then stop any further emails (2) Contact us at hello@okiplay.com and request that your name and email address be removed from our list.
Contacting the Regulator
If you are at all unhappy about the handling of your data, you can send a complaint to the Information Commissioner's Office by calling 0303 123 1113 or go online to
www.ico.org.uk/make-a-complaint
. If you are based outside the UK, you have the right to lodge your complaint with the relevant data protection regulator in your country of residence.
Collection and Use of Non-Personal Information
We collect non-personal information via this website through Google Analytics. This data is in a form that does not permit direct association with any specific individual. All such information is collected via Google Analytics online service and we use it to analyse how visitors use our website so that we can improve it. We do not share non-personal information with third-party companies or individuals.
Parental Gate and External Links
Our apps do not display third-party advertising. Our apps only contain the following external links, and they are all behind a parental gate: to the App Store for other OkiPlay apps, to the OkiPlay website, and to our Help email address.
Push notifications and Location Data
Our apps do not use push notifications or collect location data.
Questions?
We hope this Privacy Policy has been helpful in setting out the way we handle your personal data and your rights to control it.
                            If you have any questions that haven't been covered, please do email us at hello(at)okiplay(dot)com
We respect your family's privacy