ByPost Terms and Conditions
Terms of use, service and platform
ByPost Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions of Use of Mobile App and Website including
www.bypost.com
Version: 15 August 2023
If something comes up, just email us at
support@bypost.com
and we’ll happily explain it.
1 INTRODUCTION
1.1 These terms and conditions (as varied from time to time) (the “Terms”) govern your access to and use of
www.bypost.com
and the ByPost mobile app (together the “Platform”) and any products and services of whatever nature (whether existing now or in the future) available through the Platform (the “Services”).
1.2 Please read these Terms carefully before using the Platform. If you do not agree with the Terms, you must not use the Platform. By accessing the Platform, you agree to comply with and to be bound by the Terms, including the Privacy Policy which sets out how we will use personal information you provide to us. If there is any conflict between the Privacy Policy and these Terms then the Terms will prevail.
1.3 The Services, and the Platform, are operated by Cards Online Limited trading as ByPost. Our registered address is 12 North Bar, Banbury, Oxfordshire OX16 0TB (“ByPost”, "Cards Online Limited", “we” or “us”). We are a limited liability company incorporated in England and Wales under company number 10702642.
1.4 Only persons aged 18 years or over may access the Platform and use the Services and all users of the Services warrant that they are 18 years of age or over.
1.5 From time to time we will amend these Terms. These terms were most recently updated on 15 August 2023. On each occasion you intend to access the Platform, please check latest Terms. By accessing the Platform, you will be deemed to confirm that you agree to comply with and to be bound by the then current Terms. Please make a durable copy of these Terms by printing and/or saving a downloaded copy on your own computer.
1.6 The original English version of this Agreement may have been translated into other languages. The translated version of this Agreement is provided as a courtesy only. In the event of a dispute about the contents or interpretation of these terms and conditions of this Agreement or in the event of a conflict, ambiguity, inconsistency or discrepancy between the English version and any other language version of this Agreement, the English language version shall apply and prevail and be conclusive and binding. The English version shall be used in legal proceedings.
1.7 The Services are designed for your convenience. If you have any comments, problems or questions regarding any part of the Services and/or products and services featured in the Services, please send an email to
support@bypost.com
. If you have experienced technical problems while using the Platform, please also contact us.
2 LICENSE TO USE THE SERVICES
2.1 Subject to your compliance with the Terms, and subject to paragraph 5 of these Terms, we hereby grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, non-assignable, immediately (and without notice) revocable licence to download, install and use the Services on the device on which you install or use the Services for the sole purpose of your personal use of the Services from that device.
2.2 You agree not to copy, loan, sell, resell, assign, rent, lease, publish, redistribute, license, sublicense or otherwise transfer the Services. You further agree not to undertake cause, permit, or authorise the modification, creation of derivative works, translation, reverse-engineering, reverse-compiling, decompiling or disassembling of the Services (or any part of it or its underlying software) or make any attempt to access the source code of the Services (or any part of it or its underlying software).
3 ACCESS TO THE PLATFORM
3.1 We do not guarantee that our Platform, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted. We reserve the right at our sole discretion to withdraw or vary the Platform and the Services and/or to suspend or terminate your access to the Platform and the Services at any time without notice and we shall not be liable to you if the Platform or the Services are unavailable, either in whole or part, at any time for any reason whatsoever.
3.2 Information on the Platform may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. We attempt to make its descriptions as accurate as possible, but we do not warrant that the content on the Platform is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. Under no circumstances will we be liable in any way for any content, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of, access to, or denial of access to any content on the Platform.
3.3 You may access any part of the Platform provided that it is not password protected. Access to some parts of the Platform is only available if you have a valid password. You may not access these areas without a valid password.
4 YOUR ACCOUNT
4.1 Subject to these Terms you may open an account with us by completing the registration form. Once your registration has been accepted (and until your account is terminated for any reason) you will be able to upload images to the Platform, access parts of your account using the Services and (subject to agreeing any additional terms which are applicable) request services to be supplied by us (such as the printing of uploaded images). You agree to:
4.1.1 provide true, accurate, current, and complete information about yourself (the “Registration Data”) whenever prompted by the relevant registration form; and
4.1.2 maintain and promptly update the Registration Data through your account to keep it true, accurate, current, and complete at all times.
4.2 During the registration process you will be asked to provide your email address. This will help us to verify your identity and help you to access your account on future visits. Should you register using an invalid email address or an email address that belongs to someone else, we may terminate your account at any time without notice.
4.3 Subject to your preferences and our Privacy Policy, you will receive confirmation emails, updates and marketing emails after you create a ByPost account, at the email address with which your account is registered for time to time. You can opt out of updates and marketing emails at any time.
4.4 You will also need to provide a password in order to access your account, which you must keep secure at all times. Note that we are entitled to treat anything done through your account as having been done by you; it is up to you to maintain the security of your account and you will be responsible for any damage or losses caused by unauthorised access resulting from your failure to keep your password secure. We strongly recommend that you choose a unique password, and we accept no liability whatsoever where a third party accesses your account using your password. You agree to:
4.4.1 immediately notify us if you become aware of any unauthorised use of your password or account or any other breach of security by contacting us at
support@bypost.com
; and
4.4.2 ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session.
4.5 You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our Platform through your internet, or mobile connection are aware of these Terms and other applicable Terms, and that they comply with them.
4.6 You are advised to keep backups of all material provided to us. In particular, it is up to you to keep backup copies of images uploaded by you or emailed to us. We will not be responsible for keeping backups or for the loss of, deletion or corruption of any images or any other material used in connection with the Services.
4.7 We have the right to disable your password at any time if in our opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these Terms.
4.8 There is no charge for opening a ByPost account although you may wish to subscribe to certain services of our Platform which are only available for a fee (see below). When you place an order for Services, you will be notified of the applicable charges, and you will need to supply us with your credit card or debit card and/or other personal details so that we may process the order for you. Any charges for the Services requested will be billed to your payment method once the order has been accepted by us.
5 UPLOADED CONTENT AND IMAGES
5.1 You may upload or use digital images when using the Platform or connection with the Platform and the Services which must be in JPEG format. For further guidance and information on images and uploading please write to the support team at
support@bypost.com
.
5.2 Although we prohibit the uploading of certain types of images to the Platform, we cannot control what users may upload. It is possible that images or other material may appear on the Platform or in connection with the Services which are unlawful or offensive and contravene our restrictions on content. We are not responsible for such images or material but if you become aware of any such images or material please contact us without delay at:
support@bypost.com
5.3 We may at our discretion contact law enforcement authorities in any jurisdiction if we are made aware that anything unlawful is occurring or has occurred in relation to the use of the Platform or the Services including the uploading or emailing of any images in breach of our restrictions on content. We may provide copies of any relevant images or material to law enforcement authorities and, subject to applicable data protection legislation, may also give them access to any personal data that is held by us.
5.4 We may without notice and at our sole discretion delete or remove any image that a user has uploaded, emailed or submitted for printing if in our opinion the user is in breach of any of these Terms including (without limitation) a breach of clause 5.6 below.
5.5 You represent that you have the full legal right to upload any content or material and that by uploading, posting, contributing or including any content or material in a personalised Service, you grant us a non-exclusive, royalty-free, irrevocable licence (including the right to grant sub-licences through multiple tiers) to use, reproduce, adapt, distribute and communicate to the public that content or material solely for the purpose of performing obligations and exercising rights under these Terms. Note that we may modify content or material in order to conform it to the Platform and the requirements of the Service you have ordered (such as by cropping images).
5.6 You are not allowed to upload or order printed items which contain or use any images or other material including text based annotations and comments, which contain any of the following:
5.6.1 material which is defamatory of any person;
5.6.2 material which is pornographic, obscene, indecent or offensive;
5.6.3 material which promotes discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age;
5.6.4 material that is likely to incite hatred or violence against any person or group;
5.6.5 material that is likely to deceive any person;
5.6.6 material which concerns or relates to any criminal act;
5.6.7 material the use or inclusion of which infringes any copyright, trademark, database or other intellectual property right of any third party;
5.6.8 material made in breach of any legal duty owed to a third party, such as a contractual duty or a duty of confidence; material which promotes any illegal activity;
5.6.9 material which is threatening, abusive or invades another’s privacy, causes annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety;
5.6.10 material which is likely to harass, upset, embarrass, alarm or annoy any other person;
5.6.11 material used to impersonate any person, or to misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person;
5.6.12 material which gives the impression that it emanates from us, if this is not the case;
5.6.13 material that advocates, promotes or assists any unlawful act such as (by way of example only) copyright infringement or computer misuse;
5.6.14 material that breaches any applicable laws or legislation.
5.7 You are not allowed to:
5.7.1 create a database (electronic or otherwise) that includes material downloaded or otherwise obtained from the Platform except where expressly permitted in connection with the Services;
5.7.2 interfere with or disrupt the Platform, the Services or the servers or networks connected to the Platform or Services;
5.7.3 disseminate unsolicited advertisements or for any other commercial purposes (which would include using the Services to promote or encourage the sale of your goods/services);
5.7.4 transmit or re-circulate any material obtained from the Services to any third party except where expressly permitted;
5.7.5 disseminate any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising, promotional materials, “junk mail,” “spam,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes,” or any other form of solicitation;
5.7.6 disseminate any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, damage, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment;
5.7.7 use the Platform or the Services in any way that might infringe third party privacy or other rights, is unlawful or that might bring us into disrepute;
5.7.8 post link(s) that take users to material that contravenes any of the above restrictions; or
5.7.9 send (at our sole discretion) excessive numbers of cards to yourself or to other people as part of any promotion, including, but not limited to, sending more than 10 postcards or greeting cards to the same address.
6 TERMINATION
6.1 Where we terminate your access to the Platform or the Services for any reason: (a) all licences and rights to use the Services shall immediately terminate; (b) you must immediately cease all use of the Services and (c) you must destroy and/or delete all copies of the Services in your possession or within your control.
7 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
7.1 All materials on the Platform and the functionality and operation of the Platform itself are protected by our intellectual property rights. These materials and the rights in these materials are owned by us, or used with permission of their owners. Such materials include, but are not limited to, the photographs, images, illustrations, text, video clips, audio clips, designs, logos, trademarks, trade dress and other materials contained in this Platform, the software used in the design and development of this Platform and the functionality and operation of the Platform itself. All rights are reserved, worldwide. We are the owner (or the licensee) of all intellectual property rights in the Services.
7.2 Subject to 5.5 above, you retain all intellectual property rights, including copyright, in those images that you have uploaded to the Platform, whilst using the Services, to the extent that  you already own such rights.
7.3 We may display, modify, print, transmit or distribute any of the images that you upload or email to us, in order to provide any of the Services offered by us through the Platform.
7.4 You warrant that you have the right to copy, upload or otherwise deal with those images in relation to the Services and to allow us to process and otherwise deal with those images.
7.5 You may not upload, request us to print, or otherwise deal with, in relation to the Services any images or other material where you do not have the right to do so or allow us to use such images or other material if such use would infringe any existing third party intellectual property or contractual rights.
7.6 You are not allowed to remove any copyright, trademark or other intellectual property notices contained on the Platform or in the Services or from any copies or printed items taken of material from the Services.
7.7 Subject to applicable data protection legislation, we have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who claims that any content posted or uploaded by you to our Platform constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their right to privacy.
8 ORDER AND DELIVERY
8.1 An order for any Service (including any order for printing services) will not be treated as having been accepted until you receive confirmation from us that this is the case.
8.2 The decision as to whether to accept any order from you is at our sole discretion. If the order is rejected, we will contact you to confirm this and arrange for reimbursement of your payment. If the Services are produced and prior to dispatch it is discovered that you and/or the order is, in our opinion, in breach of these Terms, we will not dispatch the Services. We may, at our sole discretion, refund all or a proportion of the payment made in respect of the order concerned but reserve the right to charge in full as if the Services had been dispatched.
8.3 We have a policy of continuous product development and reserve the right to amend the specifications of any of the Services without prior notice where such change(s) will not result in material changes to your contractual relationship with us.
8.4 We will use our reasonable endeavours to accurately display and describe the printed colours of the Services but we do not give any assurance that the colours of the Services supplied will match those displayed on your monitor, mobile phone, or any other electronic device through which you are accessing the Platform.
8.5 We will generally notify you of the dispatch dates available and the expected timeframe for delivery of your ordered Services during the order process; however, we do not guarantee delivery dates or times. We will make you aware of any delivery charges before you place your order. The expected delivery times and charges may differ depending on the Service you order.
8.6 Neither we, nor any delivery service that we use, shall be liable for any failure to perform our Services where such failure or delay results from any circumstances outside our reasonable control; these circumstances include but are not limited to adverse weather conditions (such as snow, flood and extreme winds), fire, explosion, accident, traffic congestion, pandemic, obstruction of any private or public highway, riot, terrorism, act of God, or industrial dispute or strike.
8.7 Please be aware that if your order consists of or includes a postcard, the postcard will be delivered without any packaging or envelope so the contents of the postcard will be visible to those handling it.
8.8 From time to time we may make products available for purchase that contain alcohol. You must be over 18 to purchase or consume any product that contains alcohol. For orders containing such products, our nominated carrier may require valid proof of age (e.g. driver’s licence/passport) from the recipient of the product before completing delivery. In the event no valid proof of age is provided, the gift will not be delivered, and no refund will be provided.
8.9 Delivery time for all products are 5-10 days from the product has been purchased and transaction processed to delivery.
9 PRICE AND PAYMENT
9.1 Any price stated (if at all) on the Platform for Services will include Sales Tax/VAT at the then applicable rate, if appropriate. You shall be responsible for any other taxes applicable in the territory to which the Services are sent. International Transactions fees may be payable by you to your card issuer, and we shall have no liability for these.
9.2 Payment must be made by credit card, debit card or PayPal at the time of placing an order which is accepted by us. Payment in full will be taken at this time and a contract in relation to the purchase of that Service will be in force.
9.3 You warrant that all details provided to us for the purpose of your order and its delivery will be correct and that the chosen method of payment is your property and that sufficient funds or credit facilities are available to cover the full cost of the Services ordered. We reserve the right to obtain validation of your credit card, debit card or PayPal details before accepting your order.
9.4 We do not collect, store, or process any payment card details. We currently use a third-party payment provider called Braintree whose terms you must review and agree to prior to using its service. Save where we have acted negligently, we cannot be held liable and disclaim all liability arising for any loss you may suffer if a third-party gains access to any data you provide when accessing or making a payment through the Platform.
9.5 In the event that you supply invalid credit or debit card details or details of a credit or debit card that belongs to someone else, we reserve the right to terminate your account at any time without notice and, subject to applicable data protection legislation, provide your details to the relevant authorities.
10 PAYMENTS ON ACCOUNT (“CREDIT”)
10.1 We may from time to time offer a scheme whereby customers may make a payment on account as advance payment for Services in return for additional bonus credit which may be used to pay for applicable Services.
10.2 The system of payment on account and bonus credit may be referred to as “Credits” for promotional purposes. We may change this name from time to time, but these Terms shall apply to any scheme involving advance payment for applicable Services.
10.3 Credits that have been purchased and bonus credit amounts awarded are separately recorded and the total balance of credit is shown in your account under “Credit”. The use of the term “Credit” relates only to prepayment of Services and does not relate to consumer credit activities.
10.4 Applicable Services means any service provided, as defined by us from time to time. At the point of checkout, our system will check your available balance. Any applicable Services will be paid for by drawing down the Paid and Bonus Balances automatically and pro rata.
10.5 Any payment made on account shall be deemed as a payment for Services to be ordered from us. After the initial refund period described below our liability to you in respect of that payment on account will be to provide Services to the value of the account balance.
10.6 Credits will automatically expire 364 days from the date of. We accept no liability for expired Credits.
10.7 If you change your mind after making a payment on account, you may request a refund by contacting customer services within 14 days of the transaction. In such cases the amount refunded will be the sum of the original payment less the value of any Services, charged at the standard rate, bought on account. Refunds can only be made to the credit card, debit card or PayPal account used to make the original purchase.
11 PROMOTIONAL CODES
11.1 We occasionally offer discretionary promotion codes ("Promo Codes"). Promo Codes can be used only once. Each Promo Code is subject to its own terms and conditions and so please ensure that you have regard to the terms and conditions application to the relevant Promo Code. Please note that Promo Codes should be added BEFORE placing the order. We cannot apply a Promo Code retrospectively after an order has been placed if you forgot to use it or cannot apply it and we cannot refund a promo code outside its validity period. Please contact
support@bypost.com
by email if you are having problems applying a promo code and we will check its validity for you.
11.2. You agree that Promo Codes must be used for the intended audience and purpose, and in a lawful manner may not be duplicated, sold or transferred in any manner, or made available to the general public (whether posted to a public forum or otherwise), unless expressly permitted by us; may be disabled or withdrawn by us at any time for any reason without liability ; may only be used pursuant to the specific terms that we establish for such Promo Code; are not exchangeable for cash; and may expire prior to your use.
11.3 No responsibility is accepted for referrals that are lost, corrupted, or delayed or as a result of any network, computer hardware or software failure of any kind. Proof of sending will not be accepted as proof of receipt. Any attempt to manipulate the system and use of credits by use of (but not limited to) bulk entry via third parties or syndicates, macros, ‘script’, ‘brute force’, masking identity by manipulating IP addresses, using identities other than their own or any other automated means (including systems which can be programmed to enter), will render the credits invalid and may potentially lead to your account being closed down. Our judgment in this matter shall be deemed final.
11.4 We retain the right to investigate the participation in and use of Promo Codes and Referral Bonuses for any fraudulent activities and take any measures to end them. These measures may include but are not limited to, cancelling an Eligible Product Order and/or a Promo Code.
12 RETURNS
12.1 The majority of our items are personalised Services for which there is no right to cancel the contract and return the Service (including physical products), however, you may reject a Service which is faulty or substantially not as described (subject to 8.4). Where this is the case, we will ask you to return the Service to us within 3 business days of receipt. If you are eligible for a refund, we will make the refund to the credit card, debit card or PayPal account from which the original purchase price was paid. Alternatively, we may offer to reprint (if applicable) and resend the item. Please note that we do not offer both a refund and a resend. We will not provide a refund if the fault is a result of your own actions such as Service misuse or if personalisation is misspelt or if you have uploaded an image of a low resolution or size.
12.2 For non-personalised and non-membership Services, you have the right to cancel your contract within 14 days of the day after the day the Service is delivered to you. You must then return the unused non-personalised Service to us within 14 days of notifying us of your cancellation and pay the cost of returning the Service. We will refund the purchase price paid for the Service and its standard delivery charges (but not any additional delivery charges e.g., for expedited delivery, you may have chosen to pay) within 14 days of its return. However, if the value of the Service has been reduced by handling it beyond that which is necessary to check whether the Service is as expected, we may deduct an amount to reflect that reduction in value from the sum we refund to you. Note that the value of a Service may be reduced to nothing if its seal (or similar) is broken.
13 CANCELLATION
13.1 We may cancel your account without notice at our sole discretion.
13.2 Once your account is cancelled, any images that you have uploaded will be removed from the Platform and your password will no longer enable access to the password protected areas of the Platform.
14 INDEMNIFICATION
14.1 If a claim is brought against us as a result of an action or inaction by you (including a breach of these Terms) we have the right, at our discretion, to request that you indemnify us (i.e. cover all our costs including legal fees) and hold us harmless from any legal claim or demand for expenses or costs that arises as a result. Where we decide to conduct the defence of such a claim, you agree to assist us as reasonably requested.
14.2 In the event that you dispute a payment made by you through your bank or other payment card issuer (“chargeback”) and we become liable to pay, if the chargeback is withdrawn or successfully challenged, a non-refundable administration fee we reserve the right to collect this fee in full from you and to suspend access to your account until any such fee [such fee] is paid. Before disputing any charge with your financial institution, you should contact us on
support@bypost.com
15 LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY
15.1 You alone determine whether or not to proceed with a Service. We use reasonable care and skill to provide the Platform and the Services in accordance with our specifications but:
15.1.1 the Platform and the Services are provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis; and
15.1.2 we cannot and do not make any warranties, claims or representations with respect to the Services including, without limitation, quality, performance, non-infringement, merchantability, or fitness for use for a particular purpose. We do not represent or warrant that availability or use of the Services will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, error-free, or virus-free. We cannot accept responsibility or liability for a failure of your mobile network, or internet provider, or any losses or damage suffered as a result, as this is outside our control.
15.2 We will use reasonable endeavours to ensure that the Platform and the Services do not contain or promulgate any viruses or other malicious code. However, it is recommended that you should virus check all materials used in connection with the Platform and the Services and regularly check for the presence of viruses and other malicious code. We exclude to the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws all liability in connection with any damage or loss caused by computer viruses or other malicious code originating or contracted from the Platform or the Services.
15.3 You should note that the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we take appropriate technical and organisational measures to guard against unauthorised or unlawful processing of your personal data and against loss or destruction of, or damage to, your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal data. Any transmission of personal data is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on our Platform and we exclude to the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws all liability in connection with the circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on our Platform.
15.4 The Platform may include links to other websites in the Services, but we are not responsible for the content of any external website, the content of any advertiser’s website or the conduct of any business or individual advertising in the Services or related to any Equivalent Service.
15.5 We will not be liable for faulty Service unless a claim is notified to us in writing (including the order confirmation number and details of the claim) within 28 days of receipt of the Service, or in the case of non-delivery, within a reasonable time after the Service was expected to arrive. In the case of a valid claim, we may choose to replace the Service (or the part in question) or refund to you the price paid for the Service (or an appropriate proportion of the price). We will have no further liability to you in respect of the matters referred to in this clause.
15.6 We, our agents, directors, officers, shareholders, employees, and subcontractors will not be liable to you or anyone else, whether in contract, tort (including negligence, breach of statutory duty or another tort) or otherwise:
15.6.1 for any loss of revenue, data, sales or business, agreements or contracts, anticipated savings, profits, opportunity, goodwill or reputation, or for any business interruption.
15.6.2 for any loss or corruption of data; or
15.6.3 for any indirect, special, or consequential loss, damage, costs or other claims, however caused or arising, including where arising directly or indirectly from any failure or delay in performing any obligation under these Terms caused by matters beyond our reasonable control. Except as expressly stated elsewhere in these Terms, all representations, warranties, conditions, and other terms, whether express or implied (by common law, statute, collateral or otherwise) are hereby excluded, except in the case of fraud, or where such exclusion is not permitted by law.
15.7 Our total liability shall not exceed the aggregate net purchase price (excluding taxes and freight) for the relevant Services.
15.8 Nothing in these Terms shall restrict or exclude any liability that we have to any party which cannot be excluded by law and our liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence shall not be limited or excluded in any way.
16 GENERAL
16.1 If any provision of these terms is or becomes invalid, unenforceable, or non-binding, you shall remain bound by all other provisions hereof. In such an event, such invalid provision shall nonetheless be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and each participant will at least agree to accept a similar effect as the invalid, unenforceable or non-binding provision, given the contents and purpose of these terms and conditions.
16.2 No person who is not a party to these Terms shall have any right to enforce any term under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. Nothing in these Terms is intended nor shall affect any of your statutory rights that may not be legally excluded.
16.3 We may assign or transfer any of our rights or subcontract any of our obligations under these Terms to any third party. You may not assign or transfer any of your rights or subcontract any of your obligations under these Terms except with our specific permission in writing.
16.4 To the extent permitted by law, these Terms shall be exclusively governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales. Any disputes arising out or in connection with these terms shall exclusively be submitted to and dealt with by the competent court in England and Wales although we retain the right to bring proceedings against you for breach of these conditions in your country of residence or other relevant country.
By using this website you agree to our Cookie Policy.
Settings
Reject All
Accept All
Cookie Settings
We use cookies to improve user experience. Choose what cookie categories you allow us to use. You can read more
about our Cookie Policy by clicking on Cookie Policy below.
Essential (required)
These cookies enable strictly necessary cookies for security, language support and verification of identity.
These cookies can’t be disabled.
Functionality
These cookies collect data to remember choices users make to improve and give a better
user experience. Disabling can cause some parts of the site to not work properly.
Performance & Analytics
These cookies help us to understand how visitors interact with our website, help us measure and analyze traffic to improve our service.
Targeting & Advertising
These cookies help us to better deliver marketing content and customized ads.
View Cookie Policy
Save