sRide PRIVACY POLICY FOR INDIA
Your privacy is important to sRide Tech Pvt. Limited (sometimes referred to as the “sRide”, “we”, “our”, or “us”) and the personal information that you provide to us, and that we otherwise gather about you, is vital to us because it allows us to provide you with our sRide Services (defined below) and make your experience as safe and enjoyable as we can achieve. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, share and protect the information that we have about you. It also describes how you can access and update the personal information you provide to us, and make certain choices about how your information may be used.
This Privacy Policy applies to any way you may access and/or contact sRide, including web and mobile access, regardless of your method of accessing sRide. The activities and services offered by sRide are collectively referred to as the “Services.”
BY USING sRIDE’s SERVICES OR BY OTHERWISE GIVING US YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION, YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND TO BE BOUND BY ITS PROVISIONS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF, AND TO BE BOUND BY, THIS PRIVACY POLICY, THE TERMS OF USE (WHICH INCORPORATE THIS PRIVACY POLICY) OR ANY OTHER PROVISION SET FORTH ON OR IN THE sRIDE WEB SITE OR APPLICATIONS, AS THEY MAY BE AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME, THEN YOU ARE NOT AUTHORIZED TO USE THE SERVICES IN ANY WAY.
Please review this Privacy Policy carefully so that you understand sRide’s privacy practices. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, do not use any of our Services or give us any of your personal information. In addition, please review sRide’s Terms of Use, which may apply to your use of our Services. This Privacy Policy is incorporated by reference into sRide’s Terms of Use and will be applicable to users using both sRide website(www.sride.co) and sRide Carpool Mobile App (all OS versions).
Information Gathered by sRide:
sRide gathers a wide array of information from those who use its Services for the purpose of providing those Services to its users (both passengers and Car Owners, together referred to as “Users”) as well as to continue to improve sRide’s Services.
The information we gather from our Users, whether via mobile devices or website (details on user’s information captured by both website and mobile app are mentioned in section below) , such as online registration, GPS tracking, or otherwise, helps us maintain safety protocols and personalize our Users’ experience, while continually allowing us to improve the sRide experience. Some, but not all, of the types of information we gather from Users may include sensitive personal information about you, including your full name, a current photograph, as well as information identifying the device you use to access the Services, its IP address, your physical geographic location, and other information that sRide deems necessary or desirable to provide, enhance, and improve the Services and to maintain your account with sRide accurately. Without much of that information, sRide would not be able to provide the Services to you and sRide does, and will, take reasonable steps to ensure that this information remains secure and confidential as to third parties. By using the Services, you represent and warrant that you are aware of this Privacy Policy, that you have the authority to provide us with any and all of the information that we may request from you, and that the information that you provide is materially accurate, to the best of your knowledge.
sRide website may also use various technologies to gather information about your mobile phone model, brand, OS and software also may be automatically collected by sRide. This information can include, but is not necessarily limited to: your IP address, the browser you are using to access sRide.co, etc. This information may be used by sRide for the operation of the Services, to maintain and improve the quality of the Services, and to provide general statistics to sRide regarding your, and other Users’, use of sRide’s Services.
You are also free to use any social media aspect of sRide, whether maintained as part of the sRide platform or via third parties (e.g., Facebook, Twitter, Google+, etc.). However, be advised that, by doing so, any personal information that you disclose, including your name, photo, details about your use of sRide’s Services, etc., may be viewed and/or used by other users and as such is beyond sRide’s control.
sRide may also collect information about you from third party sources such as google maps, playstore etc that helps sRide to better attribute the data collected and present a more accurate matching for the carpooling users. These sources include, but are not necessarily limited to, mediaSource, location and other Users who use sRide’s Services. We may also use the information that you provide to us about sRide Car Owners and passengers for internal purposes, to improve sRide’s Services, to promote sRide, to advise other Users, and to enhance safety and efficiency for our Users.
We collect different information from passengers and Car Owners, and all Car Owners must agree to add car details along with car registration details prior to being accepted as a designated sRide Car Owner. This information in its sole discretion, deems prudent to collect to enhance the sRide Services and the safety and overall experience of those who use sRide.
Information captured by sRide website
sRide captures the following information from the users though the website usage to ensure a quality service of the sRide carpool solution. The data points mentioned here are an indication of the type of data captured and are not limited to the ones mentioned here.
Registration details – Only to contact the user based on his approval to be contacted such as Name, phone number, email etc
Information captured by sRide Mobile app
sRide captures the following information from the users though the Mobile app usage to ensure a quality service of the sRide carpool solution. The data points mentioned here are an indication of the type of data captured and are not limited to the ones mentioned here.
Mandatory:
Name / Gender / Email / Phone number/ user type / car details / OS details ad version
Optional:
Work email / user’s picture / emergency contact / GPS location
sRide’s Use of the Information It Receives From and About Its Users:
Information we gather about you is an important part of our business, and we need to collect this information to be able to provide the Services to you as safely, efficiently, and effectively as possible. However, we are not in the business of selling your information to others.
We use your personal information, including your email address and/or mobile telephone number, to contact you in connection with your use of sRide’s Services. We may share this information with other sRide users as necessary to arrange for you to use the Services, and also for promotional services relating to sRide.
For example, when you, as a passenger, use the sRide mobile application to request a ride beginning and ending at particular locations, we will obviously need to share information about your current location and your desired destination with a Car Owner who is using the sRide Services. By using sRide in this manner you are consenting to our use of this personal information about you. Similarly, if you are a Car Owner using sRide’s Services, we may share your current location with a passenger using sRide’s Services who is looking for a ride to alert that passenger of your current location and/or estimated time of arrival at the pickup location. If a passenger and Car Owner are simply using sRide’s Services to arrange a meeting time and location, we may provide personally identifying information from one to the other, including a photograph, vehicle information and other data that sRide deems prudent to enhance the sRide experience.
With regard to the financial information that you provide to sRide, we will use that primarily to maintain your account with sRide and to process financial transactions with applicable financial institutions. We will not share your personal financial information with other Users of sRide’s Services, but as stated above, other Users may receive personal information about you including your name, geographic location, type of vehicle you are driving, photo, license plate number, etc. By using sRide’s Services you consent to our sharing this information with other Users.
We may also share your comments, whether as a passenger or a Car Owner, about others who use the sRide Services, whether Car Owners or passengers, to improve their and your experience with sRide.
You will have the option to assist us in limiting the number of non-ride communications you receive from us and we will do our best to honor your instructions to the extent we can do that and still provide you with the Services as sRide sees fit. We will also use the personal information you provide to us, via any platform, to forward trip information to you from other Users, and to contact users to suggest potential matches. We may share your personal information with third party service providers so they can provide sRide with support services such as e-mail origination, insurance coverage, and payment processing services. Unless you authorize us to do otherwise, we will endeavor to ensure that these third party entities will not use your personal information for any purpose that is not related to sRide’s Services. Except as otherwise set forth herein and in the Terms of Use, we will endeavor to provide you with adequate notice when information about you might go to third parties, and you will have an opportunity to instruct sRide about the use of that information, which we will endeavor to follow unless otherwise required (such as a subpoena or other order from a court of competent jurisdiction).
In addition to the information that we collect about you, you agree to receive information that we may send to you with respect to the Services, including, but not limited to, the names, telephone numbers, photos and other identifying information about other users of the Services with whom you may be sharing a ride.
Information Collected from Users Who Are Car Owners:
If you wish to qualify as a Car Owner, you must consent to sRide to collect Personal Information from you in addition to the information that we collect from all Users of sRide’s Services. Therefore, in addition to your name, email address, physical address, telephone number and other identifying information as set forth in the mobile and web site application forms, we may collect information including your Car Owner’s license details, information about your vehicle , your automobile insurance coverage.
We use this information to determine that your vehicle is safe, you are a safe Car Owner, you are insured as a Car Owner, and that you are otherwise qualified to accept passengers as a Car Owner with sRide. Whether or not you qualify as a Car Owner with sRide is solely and exclusively within sRide’s discretion and, while sRide does not discriminate based on race, gender, ethnic background and sexual orientation, you may be deemed qualified or unqualified for any appropriate reason including the comments that other users of sRide’s Services leave about you.
Security of your Information:
sRide makes a reasonable and sensible effort to ensure that your information is secure on its system. For exampled, sRide works to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information in transit. sRide has staff dedicated to maintaining the privacy of information that its Users provide. However, sRide is not liable for an unauthorized breach of sRide’s security and protection protocols (i.e., if sRide’s electronic files are “hacked”), and you agree that you will not seek damages from sRide, and that sRide shall not be liable for any damages incurred by you, in the event your personal information is stolen or otherwise secured from sRide’s database of users, unless sRide is grossly negligent in maintaining the security of its database and other personal information
Your sRide profile is password-protected so that only you and authorized sRide employees and agents have access to your personal account information. If you have registered for sRide using Facebook, then your login and password shall be the same as your Facebook login and password.
Disclosure of User’s Information
Your personal information may be passed on to a third party in the event of a transfer of ownership of sRide’s assets, or a bankruptcy, or by other operation of law. sRide may also disclose personal information when, as described herein, we determine that such disclosure is necessary to comply with applicable law, to cooperate with law enforcement, or to protect the interests or safety of sRide itself, and its Users.
Finally, you should know that sRide is required to cooperate with appropriate government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with applicable laws and court orders. As a result, sRide may access, use, preserve, transfer and disclose your information (including Personal Information), including disclosing this information to third parties such as government or law enforcement officials or private parties as sRide, in its sole discretion, reasonably determines is necessary and appropriate: (i) to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, subpoenas, governmental requests or legal process; (ii) to protect and/or defend sRide’s Terms of Use regarding the Services, including investigation of potential violations of the Terms of Use; (iii) to protect the safety, rights, property or security of sRide and the passengers and Car Owners who use the Services, or any third party that uses or provides services to sRide; (iv) to protect the safety of the public for any reason; (v) to detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; and/or (vi) to prevent or stop activity we may consider to be, or believe poses a risk of being, an illegal, unethical, or legally actionable activity. Further, sRide may use your IP address, GPS provided location, or other information that identifies you and/or your mobile device, and may do so in cooperation with third parties such as copyright owners, internet service providers, wireless service providers and/or law enforcement agencies, including disclosing such information to third parties, all in our discretion. Such disclosures may occur without notice to you.
Creating an Account and Using sRide:
You must be over the age of eighteen years to create an account with sRide and directly use its Services, although sRide account holders may use the Services while accompanying passengers under the age of 18. sRide does not permit anyone under the age of eighteen to create an sRide account and sRide does not knowingly and directly provide to anyone under the age of 18, or permit anyone under the age of 18 to use, its Services, unless those persons are accompanied by an adult (18 years or older) who has his or her own sRide account and, by using the Services, agrees to be responsible for the conduct of any other passengers using the Services, including those under the age of 18 years. By creating an account with sRide and using its Services, you represent and warrant that you are at least 18 years old, and you agree to abide by the Terms of Use as described elsewhere on the sRide web site and referenced in its mobile applications.
Editing and Updating Your Information:
sRide provides all Users with the ability to access and edit their respective personal information. To update personal info, navigate to your account in the sRide mobile application or online, and enter your login and password. Once logged in, you may view, update and change your personal and account information.
However, be advised that, in order for sRide to maintain the integrity of the information that it must collect regarding its Users and to take reasonable steps to enhance security and the Users’ experience with sRide, there are certain data, including your driving license record that sRide collects, that you cannot alter yourself.
sRide’s databases automatically update any personal information you provide to sRide. Any information that you provide to sRide by any means (mobile, internet, e- mail, etc.) or that sRide obtains from internal or third party sources about its Users, including you, is and shall remain, the property of sRide.
Retention of Information:
To preserve the integrity of the information that sRide receives from, and maintains regarding, its Users, including you, and to comply with applicable statutes and regulations, sRide maintains its databases and the personal information that you and all Users provide for an indefinite length of time. By creating an account with sRide and/or using sRide’s Services, you consent to sRide’s use of your personal information and acknowledge that sRide may maintain your information in one place for this indefinite length of time. sRide will keep the user’s information for a minimum of 10 years and may archive it based on sRide’s discretion.
sRide may also archive Users’ accounts, including yours, and the information that sRide maintains regarding those accounts, upon your written request.
By using the Services, you represent and warrant that you understand and agree that all information submitted by you to sRide shall become and remain the property of sRide and may be used in sRide’s sole discretion in accordance with this Privacy Policy and its Terms of Use.
Theft of Mobile Phone or other media devices Owned by User:
In case the user looses or reports a theft of the media device, mobile phone or any other form of device used to access sRide profile with a request to hold, archive , block or delete sRide profile, the user is required to submit a proper copy of official police report (FIR) reporting the loss of mobile phone or device. sRide will only be able to take any action on blocking or barring the profile based on verification of the police report. Any loss of data or misuse of information from sRide profile before the account is blocked or archived is not sRide’s responsibility.
Native Ads Policy for sRide Google Ads and InMobi Ads:
At sRide, we utilize native advertising through Google Ads and InMobi Ads to enhance user experience while maintaining transparency and trust. These ads seamlessly blend with our platform’s content, ensuring relevance and value for our users. Our commitment to privacy and data protection extends to these advertising practices. We do not share personally identifiable information with Google Ads or InMobi Ads. However, these platforms may collect non-personal information, such as device type, location, and browsing behavior, to serve relevant ads. Users may encounter these native ads while using the sRide platform, and while we strive to ensure the quality and appropriateness of the ads, their content is controlled by Google Ads and InMobi Ads. Please be aware that clicking on these ads may direct you to external websites not governed by our privacy policy. We encourage users to review the privacy policies of these third-party platforms to understand their data collection practices. Your privacy and trust are of utmost importance to us, and we continuously work to provide a secure and engaging experience on sRide.
Data Security Standards:
The information captured by sRide is stored on servers on the cloud.
Grievances
If You have any concern, question, grievance or complaints in relation to the Site or its content, or this Privacy Policy, You can contact to the Grievance Officer – Mr Amit A through the “Support” email – support@sride.co
Governing Law and Dispute Resolution
This Privacy Policy shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of India. All disputes in relation to these Terms will be adjudicated exclusively before a competent court in India only.
Changes to our Privacy Policy:
If at any point we decide to use particular personally identifiable information in a manner materially different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify you by way of an email or by providing 20 days notice on the sRide Mobile Platform. We also encourage you to review this privacy policy periodically.
Contacting sRide:
If you have any questions about this privacy statement contact us at support@sride.co.
Amendments and Updates:
This Privacy Policy may be updated, amended, and revised from time to time and all users of sRide’s services will have an opportunity to review any updated, amended, and/or revised Privacy Policy and whether or not you have reviewed any updated, amended, and/or revised Privacy Policy, by continuing to maintain an account with sRide you consent to the terms and provisions contained in any Privacy Policy utilized by sRide.
Privacy Settings
We use cookies to enhance your experience while using our website. If you are using our Services via a browser you can restrict, block or remove cookies through your web browser settings. We also use content and scripts from third parties that may use tracking technologies. You can selectively provide your consent below to allow such third party embeds. For complete information about the cookies we use, data we collect and how we process them, please check our
Privacy Policy
Youtube
Consent to display content from Youtube
Vimeo
Consent to display content from Vimeo
Google Maps
Consent to display content from Google
Spotify
Consent to display content from Spotify
Sound Cloud
Consent to display content from Sound