Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes our policies on the collection, use, and disclosure of information about you in connection with your use of our websites, emails, and mobile applications ("Site"). The terms "we", "us", and "Chicmi" refer to Chicmi, a London-based company headquartered at The Retreat, 406 Roding Lane South, Woodford Green, IG8 8EY, UK. When you use the Site, you consent to our collection, use, and disclosure of information about you as described in this Privacy Policy.
1. Information We Collect and How We Use It
We may store the information you submit to or through the Site, as well as information we collect in connection with your use of the Site.
We use the information to fulfill your requests, provide the Site’s functionality, improve the Site’s quality, personalize your experience, track usage of the Site, provide feedback to businesses that are listed on the Site, display relevant advertising, provide customer support, message you, back up our systems and allow for disaster recovery, enhance the security of the Site, and comply with legal obligations.
Among the information we collect, please note:
Account Information: If you create an account on Chicmi, we may store and use your full name, email address, zip code and other information you may provide with your account, such as your gender and birth date. Your first name and last initial, as well as any photo you submit through the registration process, will be publicly displayed as part of your account profile. If you feel that an unauthorized account has been created depicting you or your likeness, you can request its removal
here
.
Public Content: The information that you post to the Site is intended for public consumption, including your reviews, and account profile. We may display this information on the Site, share it with businesses, and further distribute it to a wider audience through third party sites and services.
Communications: When you sign up for an account, you are opting in to receive emails from other Chicmi users, businesses, and Chicmi itself. Note that you cannot opt out of receiving certain administrative or legal notices from Chicmi. If you exchange messages with others through the Site, we may store them in order to process and deliver them, allow you to manage them, and investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Site.
Site Activity: We may store information about your use of the Site, such as your search activity, the pages you view, the date and time of your visit, and the businesses you call using our mobile applications. We also may store information that your computer or mobile device provides to us in connection with your use of the Site, such as your browser type, type of computer or mobile device, browser language, IP address, mobile carrier, unique device identifier, location, and requested and referring URLs.
2. Cookies
We may use cookies, web beacons, local shared objects (sometimes called "flash cookies"), and similar technology in connection with your use of the Site and third party websites ("Cookies"). Cookies are small data files that may have unique identifiers, and reside, among other places, on your computer or mobile device, in emails we send to you, and on our web pages. Cookies may transmit information about you and your use of the Site, such as your browser type, search preferences, data relating to advertisements that have been displayed to you or that you have clicked on, and the date and time of your use. Cookies may be persistent or stored only during an individual session.
It may be possible to disable some (but not all) Cookies through your device or browser settings, but doing so may affect your ability to use the Site. The method for disabling cookies may vary by device and browser, but can usually be found in preferences or security settings.
3. Optional Cookies
We also work with some partners to enhance your advertising experience on this site and on other sites using optional third party cookies. You can opt in or opt out from these cookies at any time.
When you use our website, we share information that we may collect from you, such as your email (in hashed, de-identified form), IP address or information about your browser or operating system, with our partner, LiveRamp Inc and its group companies (‘LiveRamp’). LiveRamp may drop a cookie on your browser and match your shared information to their on- and offline marketing databases and those of its advertising partners to create a link between your browser and information in those other databases. This link may be shared by our partners globally for the purpose of enabling interest-based content or advertising throughout your online experience (e.g. cross device, web, email and in app etc.) by third parties unaffiliated with our website. These third parties may in turn link further demographic or interest-based information to your browser.
You have the right to opt-out of LiveRamp’s Cookies and can easily do so by clicking on this link:
https://liveramp.uk/opt_out/
You are currently not opted in to optional cookies.
Opt in now
.
4. Third Parties
We may share information about you with third parties as follows:
Aggregate Information: We may share user information in the aggregate with third parties, such as advertisers, businesses and content distributors. For example, we may disclose the number of users that have been exposed to, or clicked on, business listings.
Business Transfers: We may share information from or about you with subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control, in which case we will require them to honor this Privacy Policy. If another company acquires Chicmi or all or substantially all of our assets, that company will possess the same information, and will assume the rights and obligations with respect to that information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Businesses on Chicmi: We may share information from or about you (such as your age and gender) and your use of the Site (such as which businesses you bookmark or call) with businesses on Chicmi.
Investigations: We may investigate and disclose information from or about you if we have a good faith belief that such investigation or disclosure is (a) reasonably necessary to comply with legal process and law enforcement instructions and orders, such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, judicial proceeding, or other legal process served on us; (b) helpful to prevent, investigate, or identify possible wrongdoing in connection with the Site; or (c) protect our rights, reputation, property, or that of our users, affiliates, or the public.
Links: The Site may contain links to unaffiliated third party websites. Except as set forth herein, we do not share your personal information with them, and are not responsible for their privacy practices. We suggest you read the privacy policies on all such third party websites.
5. Controlling Your Personal Data
Other users may be able to identify you, or associate you with your account if you include personal information in the content you post publicly. You can reduce the risk of being personally identified by using the Site pseudonymously, though doing so could detract from the credibility of your contributions to the Site.
6. Data Retention and Account Termination
You can close your account by contacting the Chicmi team. We will remove your public posts from view and/or dissociate them from your account profile, but we may retain information about you for the purposes authorized under this Privacy Policy unless prohibited by law. For example, we may retain information to prevent, investigate, or identify possible wrongdoing in connection with the Site or to comply with legal obligations. Please note that businesses cannot remove their business listings, ratings or reviews by closing their accounts.
Should you wish to request deletion of your personal data, you can do so by emailing us at
privacy@chicmi.com
.
7. Children
The Site is intended for general audiences and is not directed to children under 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you become aware that a child has provided us with personal information without parental consent, please contact us. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information without parental consent, we take steps to remove such information and terminate the child's account.
8. Security
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. However, no method of transmission over the Internet or via mobile device, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
9. Dispute Resolution
If you believe that Chicmi has not adhered to this Privacy Policy you may contact us online by
clicking here
.
10. Jurisdiction
The information we obtain from or about you may be processed and stored in the United States and United Kingdom, either of which may provide for different data protection rules than the country in which you reside.
11. Modifications to This Privacy Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most current version of the Privacy Policy will govern our use of information about you and will be located
here
. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by email or by posting a notice on the Site prior to the effective date of the changes. By continuing to access or use the Site after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.
Close
Posting...
Sorry - that didn't work
Write your reply.
Post Now
Photo & Video
WhatsApp
Email
Calendar
Get Link
https://www.chicmi.com/privacy/
Copy link
Get link
You'll earn cash if people you share with sign up to CHICMI!
Read more
Who Liked This Post?
0
Likes
Loading Likes
Could not load likes. Please try later.
No-one has liked this post yet.
When they do, they'll appear here.
Loading media...
Please wait...
Chicmi is Manchester's sample sale community. Sign up, and know about every sale!
Sign Up
or
Log In
Chicmi is Manchester's sample sale community. Sign up, and know about every sale!
Sign Up
or
Log In
Join the Chicmi Pro family
Join Pro! Help us build a fair, vibrant, sustainable fashion community in your city!
Get early access to Chicmi online sales! Exclusive discounts and offers! Past event photos and more!
Instant activation, just £5.99 per month.
Join Pro Now
Maybe Later
❤️ Pro Only
To keep our passionate community safe and spam free, we currently only allow Pro users or users with over 200 stars to share public posts.
You can upgrade to Pro now, or gain stars by contributing helpful comments to the community on sales and events.
Upgrade
Read More
❤️ Pro Only
To keep our passionate community safe and spam free, we currently only allow Pro users or users with over 200 stars to start new chats.
You can upgrade to Pro now, or gain stars by contributing helpful comments to the community.
Upgrade Now
Read More
Loading chats...
Let's talk! When you chat with users they'll appear here. Start chats by clicking the "Chat" button on any user's profile page 😍❤️
Oh no! We couldn't load your chats this time. Please try later.
Loading chat...
Oh no! We could not load this chat - please try later!
Oh no! Something went wrong while updating this sale! Please try later.
Close
Sign up now and never miss a sale!