home
Unscramble Privacy Policy
* Unscramble.com will never SELL OR TRADE your contact information to anyone.
* Unscramble.com will only GIVE AWAY your contact information in cases where you have requested to receive more information from one of the site sponsors.
* Unscramble.com will only contact you directly if one of the following occurs:
o You’ve asked to be placed on my newsletter mailing list
o You’ve contacted me directly and asked for a response
o You’ve made a comment that attacks the site or the author
o You have subscribed to the site and an announcement about the site is made.
* If you want to stop receiving information from our sponsors, you will need to contact them directly.
* If you have additional questions about
Unscramble
, you
can email
us
for more information.
Privacy Policy for Unscramble.com
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at support@Unscramble.com
At www.Unscramble.com, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by www.Unscramble.com and how it is used.
Log Files
Like many other Web sites, www.Unscramble.com makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web Beacons
www.Unscramble.com does use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.
DoubleClick DART Cookie
.:: Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on www.Unscramble.com.
.:: Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to www.Unscramble.com and other sites on the Internet.
.:: Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL - http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include ....
Google Adsense
Commission Junction
Adbrite
Clickbank
Chitika
Amazon
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on www.Unscramble.com send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
www.Unscramble.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. www.Unscramble.com's privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers' respective websites.
copyright:
Unscramble.com
, 2008, all rights reserved.
✕
Privacy & Transparency
unscramble.com and our partners ask for your consent to use your personal data, and to store and/or access information on your device. This includes using your personal data for personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development. An example of data being processed may be a unique identifier stored in a cookie. Your personal data may be stored by, accessed by, and shared with 954 partners, or used specifically by this site. You can change your settings or withdraw consent at any time, the link to do so is in our privacy policy at the bottom of this page. Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your settings below.
Manage Settings
Reject All
Continue with Recommended Cookies
Vendor List
|
Privacy Policy