This Privacy Policy is a translation of the original Política de Privacidad in Spanish. In case of discrepancy the Spanish version will prevail.
This Privacy Policy describes how and when Genomapp (“we”, “our”, “us”) collects, uses and shares your information when you use our services. When using any of our services you consent the use of your information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Privacy by Design
Genomapp protects your privacy. When using Genomapp you will need a file with your DNA raw data. Genomapp processes this file in your own personal device and in no manner uploads or stores a copy of that file in our servers.
Children
You must be 18 years of age or older to subscribe to our services. In certain jurisdictions, the age of majority may be older than 18, in which case, you must satisfy that age in order to become a user.
Collection of information
We collect information you provide when you sign up for a Genomapp account, including:
Registration information. When you register you provide personal information such as username and email address.
Profile. Basic information you may include in your profile: location, gender, date of birth, short bio.
We collect information about you when you use our services, including:
Use Information. How you use our services, including your access time and error logs.
Transaction Information. When you purchase our products we collect information about when the transaction occurs and the name of the purchased product.
Device Information. We collect information about your device when you access our services that includes your operating system and version.
Location Information. Through our app, we collect information about the location of your device (Country or time zone).
Cookies and log data. We use cookies and similar technologies to collect usage data.
Use of information
We collect information to provide, analyze and improve our services.
We store data until it is no longer necessary to provide our services, or until your account is deleted. We retain limited registration information related to your order history as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services, as well as for accounting, audit and compliance purposes.
If you email us, we will keep the content of your message, your email address, and your contact information to respond to your request.
You may opt out of receiving promotional messages from Genomapp by following the instructions in those messages or by changing your notification settings by logging into your Genomapp account. If you decide to opt out, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as technical support or administrative messages.
Sharing of information
Protecting your personal information is important to us and we neither rent nor sell your personal information to anyone. However, we provide information to service providers who support our business, such as by providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our products are used, providing customer service, facilitating payments or conducting surveys. The servers of such services might be hosted in the United States of America, in that case the information related to the user profile (never the one related to the user genetic data) is hosted in that country.
Amendment
We will update this Privacy Policy from time to time in response to changing legal, regulatory or operational requirements. We will provide notice of any such changes in accordance with law. Your continued use of the Genomapp service after any such updates take effect will constitute acceptance of those changes. If you do not accept any updates to this Privacy Policy, you may cancel your use of the Genomapp service.
Contact
You can contact us with any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy. Genomapp’s business address is Fuencarral, 156, 2I, 28010, Madrid, Spain. You can also exercise your rights by sending an email to
info@genomapp.com
.
Date of Last Revision: May 10th 2018