Onshape Privacy Policy
Privacy Center
Here at
Onshape
, a business unit of PTC Inc., (“Onshape,” “we,” or “our”), we consider the protection of your information to be a paramount responsibility that guides our day-to-day behaviors. In our Privacy Policy, we want to transparently convey to you our responsibilities vis-a-vis the information you generate when you use the Onshape service (the “Service”) and your rights regarding that information.
We will take reasonable steps to protect your privacy consistent with the guidelines set forth in this policy and with applicable U.S., European Union and other international data privacy laws. To be clear about the terminology we are using, when we say “personal information” in this Privacy Policy, we mean information that allows someone to identify or contact you, including, for example, your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, username and IP address as well as any information that can be reasonably linked to you or relates to you. BY ACCESSING OR USING ONSHAPE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND OUR TERMS OF USE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE POLICY AND TERMS OF USE, DO NOT USE THE SERVICE.
More information about how PTC Inc. and its Affiliates process personal information can be found at
https://www.ptc.com/en/documents/policies/privacy
.
For schools and educational use, please see the Onshape Education Plan Privacy Notice
Information We Collect and Receive
When you access and use Onshape’s service, we collect and receive the following kinds of personal information:
Account and profile information: When you create your Onshape account, you are required to give us certain information (e.g., your email address and a password). We may ask for additional information from time to time in order to create a more robust user profile. This additional information is optional.
Billing information: If you purchase a paid subscription to Onshape or an application in our app store for which we perform billing, we collect payment-related information. This information is securely passed to our payment processing partners, and is not stored at Onshape. Credit card details are collected and processed by our payment processing partners, and their privacy policy will apply to their collection and processing of personal information as well.
Communications: When you communicate with us by sending us an email, applying for a job, contributing to Onshape’s Community Forum, or participating in blog post discussion threads, we will collect and store any information that is contained in your communications with us or that you share. Please see the section “Job Applicants” at
https://www.ptc.com/en/documents/policies/privacy
.
We collect the following types of personal information which does not relate to a directly identifiable individual when you use the Service:
Log data: When you use Onshape, our system automatically records information including information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website or your mobile app sends when you are using it. This log data may include your Internet Protocol (IP) address, the address of the web page you visited before arriving at Onshape, your browser type and settings, the date and time of your request, information about your browser configuration and plug-ins, language preferences, and cookie data.
Device information: In addition to log data, we may also collect information about the device on which you are accessing Onshape, including what type of device it is, what operating system you are using, device settings, unique device identifiers, and crash data. Whether we collect some or all of this information often depends on what type of device you are using, and its settings.
Geo-location information: Internet Protocol (IP) addresses received from your browser or device may be used to determine approximate location and improve the service we provide to you.
Usage data: This is information about how you use the various capabilities and features of the Onshape service. We use this information to better understand opportunities to improve the quality of the service we provide to you and to anticipate and troubleshoot potential issues with the Service.
Information from partners or other third parties: Onshape may receive information from partners or others to improve your experience. For example, Onshape’s Learning Center will provide us your course completion results so we can offer you more advanced training.
Legal Basis for Processing Your Information
We rely on the following legal grounds to process your personal information:
Performance of a contract – When you sign-up for an Onshape Service, we need to collect and use your personal information to perform our agreement with you to deliver the Service as described in this Privacy Policy.
Consent – We may use or disclose some of your personal information such as precise location information or collect cookies as described in this Privacy Policy subject to your consent.
Legitimate interests – We may use your personal information for our legitimate interests to improve our products and services and the content on our Services. Consistent with our legitimate interests and any choices that we offer or consents that may be required under applicable laws, we may use technical information as described in this Privacy Policy and use personal information for our marketing purposes.
Cookie Policy
Onshape uses cookies or similar technologies to record log data and otherwise to make your interactions with the Onshape service easy and optimally effective. We use both session-based and persistent cookies.
Cookies are small text files sent by us to your computer or other device and from your computer or other device to us, each time you visit our website. They are unique to your Onshape account or your browser or app. Session-based cookies last only while your browser or app is open and disappear from your device when you close your browser software or app or turn off your device. Persistent cookies remain on your device after you close your browser or app or turn off your device -- and last until you or your browser delete them or until they expire.
Some cookies are associated with your Onshape account and personal information in order to remember that you are logged in. Other cookies are not tied to your Onshape account but are unique and allow us to do site analytics and customization, among other things. If you access Onshape through a browser, you can manage your cookie settings there, but if you disable cookies you may not be able to use Onshape effectively, or at all.
Onshape sets and accesses our own cookies on the Service. In addition, we use third party vendors who set and access their own cookies to assist us with various activities (e.g., we use Google Analytics to help us monitor our website traffic). The use of these cookies by third parties is not covered by our Privacy Policy; the information generated by the cookies about your use of the Service (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by the third parties. We do not combine the information generated through the use of third party providers with your personal information. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however, please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of the Service.
How We Use Your Information
We use your information for the following:
Providing the Onshape service: We use information you provide to authenticate you, and enable you to use our cloud-based CAD, collaboration, storage and other services.
Compliance and investigations: We reserve the right to use data in connection with suspected inappropriate use, fraud, violations of Onshape’s Terms of Use, or any other activity that threatens to impede Onshape’s and/or its users’ ability to use the Onshape service efficiently and effectively.
Communicating with you: We will occasionally send you communications based on information you include in your profile, or your use of the Onshape service. You can manage the frequency and/or opt out of receiving these communications by changing your settings on the Service and/or clicking the “Unsubscribe” link at the bottom of each email. We also may send you service-related and administrative emails, for which you may not opt out.
We may also use your personal information to create anonymous information records by excluding information that makes the information personally identifiable to you.
Generally, we use anonymous information in statistical analysis to help us analyze patterns in the use of our Service. We may, through our use of cookies, keep you logged into our website, collect your click-stream data, tailor web content to you and personalize your experience on the website. We may also use your anonymous information to improve our internal operations, and notify visitors of updates to our Service.
Your Choices
You have the ability to make your documents public or private in Onshape; and you have the ability to share public or private documents with other users.
By authoring a Public Document in Onshape, you agree to its accessibility by others. Any document you make public is neither private nor confidential and you should not have any expectation of privacy with respect to it.
Onshape will NEVER make your private content public. Reclassifying your Private Document as public will always require your affirmative action.
You also can reclassify any document you create from public to private at any time -- but Onshape cannot guarantee the confidentiality of any document that you had made public at any time in the past.
When you share a document in Onshape, anybody with whom you have shared the document may be able to use, reproduce, manipulate, distribute, display, transmit and communicate the contents of that document. If you do not want others to have those rights, do not share your documents in Onshape, or set your permissions accordingly. You are responsible for permitting access to documents which you are able to share.
You have the ability to comment on various aspects of Onshape’s service by contributing posts to Onshape’s Community Forum, participating in blog post discussion threads, etc. Any such commentary is neither private nor confidential and you should not have any expectation of privacy with respect to it.
If you terminate your subscription but do not delete your public and shared documents, we reserve the right but not the obligation to maintain the availability of those documents for all Onshape users (in the case of Public Documents) or users with whom any Private Document has been shared, together with information identifying you as the author of such documents. If you delete your documents before your subscription is terminated, your public and private shared documents will no longer be viewable by others.
The browser you use to access Onshape may provide you with the ability to control cookies or other types of local data storage.
Your mobile device may provide you with choices around whether and how location or other data is shared with us.
Security
Security procedures are in place to protect the confidentiality of your data.
Sharing and Disclosure
As noted previously, Onshape’s culture emphasizes respect for your privacy. Consistent with that cultural value, we do not sell or rent your personal information to any third party. We limit our sharing of the information we collect and receive from you to the following circumstances:
Account Support: To provide you with customer support, our staff may need to share among themselves information you previously have provided to us.
Legal Compliance and Public Protection: We will share your information when we believe disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation, legal request, or lawful request of a public authority; or to protect the safety, rights and/or property of the public or any person.
Integrity of Onshape’s Service: We will share your information as appropriate to detect, prevent, and/or address fraud, security or technical issues, or otherwise to protect Onshape and its user community.
Shared documents: If you are shared into a document that another Onshape user has made public, certain items of your personally identifiable information will be visible to any other user who views that document.
Third Parties and Agents: We may employ third party companies or individuals to help us provide the Service or meet internal business operations needs, and they may process personal information on our behalf. For example, we may share data with a security consultant to help us get better at preventing unauthorized access or with an email vendor to send messages on our behalf. We also may share data with hosting providers, payment processors, marketing vendors, and other vendors and consultants who work on our behalf and under contractual promises of confidentiality. We maintain contracts with these providers restricting their access, use and disclosure of personal information in compliance with our obligations under this Policy.
App Store: When you purchase an application through our App Store, the developer of the application may seek your approval to access personal information covered by this Policy – and we will disclose such personal information to the developer only where you have provided such approval, and only where the developer has given us contractual assurances that they will provide at least the same level of privacy protection that is required by this Privacy Policy and that they will process personal information for limited and specific purposes consistent with the scope of approval you have provided. If we have knowledge that an application developer to which we have disclosed personal information covered by this Policy is processing such personal information in a way that is contrary to this Policy, we will take reasonable steps to prevent or stop such processing. In such case, the developer is liable for damages unless it is proven that we are responsible for the event giving rise to the violation.
Affiliates: Onshape may share your personal information with PTC Inc.’s Affiliates, where it is necessary to support the provision of the Services or it is necessary for the Affiliates to process the personal information to support their legitimate business interests. All of PTC Inc.’s Affiliates are required to honor this Privacy Policy.
Authorized Resellers and Partners: We may also share your personal information with our authorized resellers and partners for the purpose of further supporting your use of Onshape, and for co-marketing activities. All such authorized resellers and partners are required by Onshape to provide you with a means of opting out of some or all of their communications with you.
Aggregated and Non-Identifiable: Onshape may share aggregated or deidentified personal information with our partners or others in our sole discretion, including for business or research purposes.
Communicating With You: We will occasionally send you tailored communications based on information you include in your profile, or your use of the Onshape service, or where you have shown a clear interest in our Services. We also will send you service and administrative emails. You have an ability to opt out of certain of these communications as described above.
With respect to the proprietary design data and other materials you generate when you use the Onshape service, we use such information within Onshape (1) as part of providing, maintaining, securing or modifying Onshape’s service regarding such data, (2) via automated tools intended to address or prevent a service, support or technical issue, (3) at your request or with your consent given to Onshape’s technical support team and/or other personnel as part of addressing or preventing a service, support or technical issue, or (4) in connection with legal obligations or proceedings and other activities described in further detail in Onshape’s Terms of Use. We also may share such information as set forth above.
Service Visitors from Outside the United States: Onshape and its servers are located in the United States (among other geographies) and are subject to the applicable state and federal laws of the United States. If you choose to access or use the Service, you consent to the use and disclosure of information in accordance with this privacy policy and subject to such laws.
Geographic Location
For users within the United States, we process data in data centers located in the United States. We have adopted reasonable physical, technical, and organizational safeguards against accidental, unauthorized, or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, disclosure, access, use, or processing of user data in our possession. We comply with state and federal laws governing the protection of personal information.
For users outside of the United States: Your personal information may be processed outside your jurisdiction, and in countries that are not subject to an adequacy decision by the European Commission or your local legislature and/or regulator, and that may not provide for the same level of data protection as your jurisdiction, such as the EEA. We ensure that Onshape offers an adequate level of protection, for instance by entering into the appropriate back-to-back agreements and, if required, standard contractual clauses for the transfer of data as approved by the European Commission. Should you require Onshape to sign standard contractual clauses as “data importer”, please email
privacy@onshape.com
.
Your Rights
You have certain rights relating to your personal information, subject to local data protection laws. Depending on the applicable laws and, in particular, if you are located in the EEA or a resident of California, these rights may include:
To access your personal data held by us (right to access);
To rectify inaccurate personal data and, taking into account the purpose of processing the personal data, ensure it is complete (right to rectification);
To erase/delete your personal data, to the extent permitted by applicable data protection laws (right to erasure; right to be forgotten);
To restrict our processing of your personal data, to the extent permitted by law (right to restriction of processing);
To transfer your personal data to another controller, to the extent possible (right to data portability);
To object to any processing of your personal data carried out on the basis of our legitimate interests (right to object). Where we process your personal data for direct marketing purposes or share it with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes, you can exercise your right to object at any time to such processing without having to provide any specific reason for such objection;
Not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects ("Automated Decision-Making"). Automated Decision-Making currently does not take place on our websites or in our services; and
To the extent we base the collection, processing and sharing of your personal data on your consent, to withdraw your consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of the processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
We will respond to your request consistent with applicable law. To protect your privacy and security, we may require you to verify your identity.
To request an accounting of your personal information, a change to your personal information, deletion of your personal information, or to withdraw your consent to the collection, processing, and/or transfer of your personal information, contact
privacy@onshape.com
via email or
www.ptc.com/opendoor
where toll-free numbers are also available.
Once we have received notification that you withdraw your consent, we will no longer process your information for the purpose(s) to which you originally consented unless there are compelling legitimate grounds for further processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
Changes to Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will prominently post any changes we deem to be material, and/or otherwise ensure that you are aware of them. If you continue to use Onshape after any changes are in effect, you will be deemed to agree to the revised policy.
Third Party Websites
This Privacy Policy addresses only our use and disclosure of information we collect from and/or about you on the Service. If you disclose information to others, or authorize us to do the same under this Privacy Policy, the use and disclosure restrictions contained in this Privacy Policy will not apply to any third party except as otherwise described above. We do not control the privacy policies of third parties, and you are subject to the privacy policies of those third parties where applicable. The Service may contain content or links to other websites that are not owned or controlled by us. We have no control over, do not review and are not responsible for the privacy policies of or content displayed on such other websites. When you click on such a link, you will leave our Website and go to another site. During this process, another entity may collect personal information or anonymous information from you. The Service may also contain links to other websites controlled by us but which operates under different privacy policies. Please review the privacy policy of any new site you visit.
Dispute Resolution
We will fully investigate and attempt to resolve any complaint or dispute regarding the use and disclosure of personal information in violation of this Privacy Policy.
Any questions or concerns regarding the use or disclosure of personal information should be directed to us at the address given below.
We will respond to any inquiries or complaints as required by applicable data protection law.
Residents of the EU also have a right to lodge a complaint with a Data Protection Authority (“DPA”). Each European Union member nation has established its own DPA; you can find out about the DPA in your country here:
https://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm
.
Retention and Deletion
We will only retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected and processed, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, accounting or reporting requirements.
In some circumstances, we may anonymize your personal information so that it can no longer be associated with you, in which case it is no longer personal information.
It is our policy to retain personal information for 60 months once such personal information is no longer necessary to deliver the Service and to delete such personal information thereafter. This means that, if you close your account with us, we will delete personal information associated with your account after 60 months. Regarding other types of information we collect as described in this policy (Cookies, Log Files, Geo-Location Information, Device Identifiers), it is our policy to retain such personal information for 60 months and to delete such personal information thereafter.
Questions or Concerns
Any questions or concerns regarding the use or disclosure of your information, or any other matter related to this Policy, should be directed to
The Global Data Privacy Officer
PTC Inc.
121 Seaport Blvd
Boston, Massachusetts 02210
Attn: Compliance Department – Privacy
or by sending an email to
privacy@onshape.com
. Alternatively, you may use
www.ptc.com/opendoor
Version date: May 1, 2024
Added “Security” section 5. Re-numbered following sections.
Updated URL at the end of the “Dispute Resolution” section.
Version date: June 1, 2020
Updated to with link to Onshape Education Plan Privacy Notice.
Prior version: August 7, 2018
Updated to reflect Onshape merging with PTC Inc.
Replace reference to Privacy Shield with details of standard contractual clauses. (PTC Inc. isn’t Privacy Shield certified, however provides appropriate protection for transfers of personal data from the EEA under standard contractual clauses.
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Accept All Cookies
Reject All
Cookies Settings
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.onshape.com/en/privacy-center/:
Onshape Privacy Policy
Our privacy policy has moved. Please view the up to date documentation at
ptc.com/en/documents/policies/privacy
.
Visit the Email Preference Center ->
Visit the Legal Center ->
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Accept All Cookies
Reject All
Cookies Settings
Sub-policy 1
https://www.ptc.com/en/documents/policies/privacy:
PTC Header
Selected Language Unavailable
This experience is not available in the language you selected.
Proceed
Privacy Policy
Policy Overview
Job Applicants
SaaS and Mobile App
Children and Education
Scope & Introduction
Thanks for entrusting PTC Inc. and its
Affiliates
(“PTC”, “we”, "us" or "our") with your Personal information. This Privacy Statement explains our practices regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal information, including any Personal information we collect and process in connection any applications, software, products, including Creo, Windchill, Vuforia and our cloud and SaaS services including Onshape, Arena Solutions, ServiceMax and Codebeamer business units, professional services and training courses (collectively, the “Service(s)”) and conducting our business. This Privacy Statement also explains the collection and use of Personal information relating to visitors to our websites including ptc.com, servicemax.com, arenasolutions.com and other sites that are linked to this Privacy Statement (“websites”).
We have additional Privacy Statements concerning the collection and processing Personal Information concerning:
Job Applicants
SaaS Users and Mobile Apps
Children’s Data including Onshape Education Plans
which supplement the terms of this PTC – Privacy Statement.
We use your Personal information as this Privacy Statement describes. No matter where you are, where you live, or what your citizenship is, you have the same high standard of privacy protection when using PTC's products and Services, visiting our websites, regardless of your country of origin or location.
Summary
This PTC Privacy Statement aims to explain what Personal Information is processed by PTC, who uses your Personal Information, for what purpose, for how long, and explains what rights you have in this context.
Who collects and processes your Personal Information?
PTC does, in the form of the respective legal entity, being either PTC Inc. of Boston Massachusetts or any another entity of the global group of PTC companies. The PTC Privacy Statement describes in detail which processing activities of which PTC group entity apply.
What Personal Information do we collect?
PTC may collect various types of Personal Information about you when conducting its business, including:
personal contact information,
Personal Information related to your or your employer’s business relationship with PTC,
Personal Information PTC must collect due to legal- and compliance-related purposes,
personal usage, registration, and participation information which PTC may generate through your use of its products and Services,
special categories of Personal Information,
application-related Personal Information,
Personal Information which PTC may receive from third parties,
Personal Information PTC requires to ensure your or your employer’s satisfaction with our current and future Services, products and offerings.
Personal Information we may collect when you visit our facilities or attend events, either online or in person.
How we use your Personal Information?
PTC uses your Personal Information to:
pursue its business relationships with you, your employer, or your employer’s customers, including ensuring your satisfaction with and keeping you up to date on
    the latest news about our products and services,
develop and offer you, or your employer, its software products, cloud, SaaS and other Services,
protect the quality and safety of its premises, facilities, products or Services infrastructure and data,
secure and, if necessary, defend its protected assets against unlawful attacks, assert its rights or defend PTC against legal claims,
ensure compliance with statutory laws and regulations,
operate its websites, web offerings, or other online events including analyzing the behavior of the users on those websites, enabling you to create a user profile, benefit from an identity service such as single-sign-on and to promote and continuously improve the user experience,
search you as a potential talent for PTC,
transfer it to recipients like other PTC Affiliates, third-party service providers, PTC partners and others.
If you want to learn more about each of these purposes for which PTC may collect, transfer, and use your Personal Information, including for how long your Personal Information is being retained and, specific to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the legal ground on which PTC is pursuing them and, specific to the California Consumer Privacy Act, the categories of Personal Information processed, please refer to the full PTC Privacy Statement below.
Privacy Policy
Effective: January 2025
1. What Personal Information do we collect?
We may collect and process the following Personal Information about you:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our internal or external sites, including our websites, and information you provide on independent partner sites that is transferred to us. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our Services, information that you share in webforms and chatbots on our websites, signing up for and accessing trial versions of our Services or downloading free and trial versions of our products and Services, posting material or requesting further services. We may also ask you for Personal Information when you report a problem with our websites, our products and Services or reporting suspected piracy or unlawful use of our Services.
We collect the names or contact information of individuals (such as email address, phone number, title,) authorized to access account and billing information (including billing address) that is associated with its account. Such Personal Information also includes any data PTC may need to collect for the purpose of managing its relationship with the Organization, identity verification, or as otherwise required by applicable laws and regulations.
If you use our products or if access to our Services is created by or at the request of an organization (our Customer which may include your school or college, or Partner all of which are an “Organization”) of which you are an employee, contractor, member, agent, student or other participant (each such user referred to as an “Organization User”) your Organization may provide us with certain Personal Information, such as your name, role, email address, and telephone number and organization name, and certain technical information.
If you contact us, on your own behalf or on behalf of an Organization, we will keep a record of that correspondence. We may also collect and retain audio and video recordings of meetings that you attend with PTC.
We may also invite you to complete surveys, and participate in interviews that we use for research purposes.
Details of transactions you carry out and of the fulfilment of your orders, including the downloading and licensing of software, and the accessing of our Services.
Details of your visits to our websites including, but not limited to, traffic data, data regarding the site pages you visit, weblogs, and other communication data, whether this is required for our own billing purposes or otherwise, and the resources that you access. Please see our
Cookies Settings
for more information.
Information that you supply to us in the course of general marketing and other business activities.
Information that you supply to us when you visit our facilities or while attending an event (either in person or online) at which PTC is a host, a participant or which is sponsored (in whole or in part) by PTC such as Liveworx or CXO Summits. We may also make video and/or audio recordings and take photographs at live events.
Information that you provide or disclose on notice boards, newsgroups, community feedback sites, email systems, forum facilities, chat rooms, or similar features that we may establish on our sites.
Information that is provided to PTC by third parties such as our business partners, marketing partners and your co-workers, in the course of PTC promoting, providing and supporting PTC’s products and Services. PTC may also acquire Personal information from third party sources that have the legal right to share your Personal information with PTC for the purpose of marketing our products and services, or where that information has been made publicly available. We may combine this information with Personal Information provided by you.
Information that you supply to us or that we obtain/create in the course of your application for employment or engagement (for example, salary, performance
    evaluations, benefits data, background checks). See our
Job Applicant Privacy Statement
.
Through the use of our product telemetry, (such as our Performance Advisor functionality) aggregated and de-identified information on system use and performance and use metrics, for example information relating to the types and features of Services and products being used, the configuration of computers used to access the Services or on which our products are used, performance metrics related to the use of the Services and products, data identifying the source and destination of a communication and activity logs. (See Data Collection at
Legal Policies, Agreements and Disclaimers | PTC
)
2. How we use your Personal Information
In general, we will only process Personal Information where the processing is in our legitimate interests or required to perform a contract with you or an Organization. We use Personal Information in the following ways:
To ensure that content from our sites is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
To provide you with information, products or Services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you.
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, or our obligations to the Organization that had granted you access to our Services.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service, when you choose to do so.
In order to better serve you with respect to PTC products and Services that are available from time to time.
To notify you with important information about our Service, updates to our sites, new PTC product offerings or special events hosted or sponsored by PTC or its business partners.
In order to enforce or apply our terms of use of any one of our websites, our software licenses, hosted services, SaaS, and other agreements.
To protect the rights, property, or safety of PTC, our customers, and others.
To provide you with updates on any events you are registered to attend or may be interested in.
If you attend or speak at any of our events or events that we attend as a sponsor, we may make recordings of such events for use in promotional and educational material.
If you visit our offices or sites, we maintain CCTV footage for the safety and protection of PTC and PTC’s premises.
For Organizational Users to provide products and services on behalf of the Organization in accordance with terms of the agreement between PTC and the Organization.
Aggregated and de-identified information may be used to optimize and maintain performance of the Services, and to investigate and prevent system abuse to monitor,
    investigate, prevent and detect fraud, security incidents and other misuse of the Services and our products, and to prevent harm, to provide, optimize, enhance, and maintain PTC Services and products, including trouble shooting issues and developing, informing the development of new products and features.
If you are an applicant for a job or for engagement by PTC, we use Personal Information about you to determine your suitability for employment, job assignments and responsibilities in accordance with our
Job Applicant Privacy Statement
.
If you are a PTC employee, we use Personal Information about you for various employment-related purposes, primarily relating to establishing and managing our employment relationship with you.
Please refer to our Employee Privacy Notice Statement that is available on The Hub
.
We may provide information to you in the form of emails, mailings, website displays or other correspondence methods.
We are interested in your views, and we value feedback, and we may therefore set up notice boards, newsgroups, community feedback sites, email systems, forum facilities and/or chat rooms on our sites. Any information that you disclose via such facilities will be used in accordance with the terms of service for the particular forum and in the absence of such terms of service, this Policy. However, we can of course not control and be responsible for other parties' use of the Personal Information which you make available to them through such facilities and otherwise on our sites. We encourage you to be careful about what Personal Information you share in this way.
We will only use and share Personal Information in ways that are relevant for the purposes for which the information was collected or subsequently authorized by you.
3. Transfer and sharing Personal Information
We may transfer or disclose Personal Information to other third parties who agree to process such Personal Information in accordance with our instructions and provide appropriate technical and organizational security measures. Such third parties may include:
Other members of the PTC group of companies where it is necessary for the efficient provision of Services and the most productive use of PTC’s resources
our authorized resellers and business partners for the limited purposes of offering our products and associated services.
To trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, solely on our behalf.
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your Personal Information to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If any PTC entity, or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case Personal Information held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your Personal Information in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use of any of our sites and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property (including data), or safety of PTC, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk
    reduction.
government agencies or other third parties as authorized by applicable law: (i) to comply with legal, regulatory, or reporting requirements (such as reporting to tax authorities and employment regulators), (ii) in the event we are required to respond to a court order, subpoena, discovery request, or other legal process, or if, in our good faith opinion, such disclosure is required by law, (iii) at the request of governmental authorities conducting an audit or investigation, (iv) to verify or enforce compliance with applicable employee policies, laws, rules, or regulations, (v) in connection with corporate restructurings or potential acquisitions, mergers, or sales, or (vi) whenever we believe disclosure is necessary to limit the legal liability, or to protect or enforce the rights, interests, or safety, of you, the Company, our subsidiaries and affiliates, other employees, or third parties.
It is PTC's policy to never sell or share your information with third parties to for commercial gain.
If you use a PTC product or a Service with an account provided by an Organization you are affiliated with, such as your work, that Organization can:
Control and administer your PTC product and product account, including controlling certain privacy-related settings of the product or Service account.
Access and process your Personal Information, including the interaction data, diagnostic data, and files associated with your PTC product and Service accounts.
If you lose access to your work or school account (in event of change of employment, for example), you may lose access to products and the content associated with those products.
PTC’s products and Services are primarily intended for use by organizations, such as businesses. If your organization provides you with access to PTC products, your use of the PTC products is subject to your Organization’s policies, if any. You should direct your privacy enquiries, including any requests to exercise your data protection rights, to your Organization’s administrator. When you use collaborative features in PTC services, other users in your network may see some of your activity. PTC is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of our customers, which may differ from those set forth in this privacy statement.
When you use a PTC product or Service provided by your Organization, PTC’s processing of your Personal Information in connection with that product is governed by a contract between PTC and your Organization. PTC processes your Personal Information to provide the product and Services to your Organization and you.
For more information about how PTC processes Personal Information when registered users use our Service, please see the
PTC SaaS and Mobile App Privacy Statement
.
4. Marketing choices
Whenever you submit requests for more information or services from us, you may opt out of entering certain fields. However, such decision may affect our ability to provide what you have requested. You can opt out from receiving marketing messages (email, phone or SMS) by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link included in them or by contacting your PTC account executive. Such opt out will not extend to services announcements, transactional or relationship messages. Please let us know during a telemarketing call that you do not want to be called again for marketing purposes.
5. Where we store and access your Personal Information
PTC is a global company, headquartered in the United States and as such your Personal Information may be processed in the United States or accessed from anywhere in the world. If you are visiting any of our sites or communicating electronically with us, various communications will necessarily result in a transfer of Personal Information across international boundaries. Accordingly, by visiting any of our website, using our Services and/or communicating electronically with us (including the in the process of our providing information, software or Services to you or your Organization) your Personal Information may be processed in a country other than the one in which you reside.
PTC endeavors to apply suitable safeguards to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information and to use it only consistent with your relationship with PTC and the practices described in this Privacy Statement. PTC provides appropriate safeguards by entering binding, standard data protection clauses, enforceable by individuals in the EEA, Switzerland and the UK. PTC also enters into data processing agreements and standard contractual clauses with its vendors and other services providers with which we may share Personal Information or who may support PTC in its business operations or in providing the Services, whenever feasible and appropriate.
Please see
PTC Cybersecurity & Data Privacy Addendum
–
Section 9
, for more information relating to the International Transfer of Personal Information when PTC is processing Personal Information on behalf of an Organization.
6. Information integrity
We will take reasonable steps to ensure that Personal Information that we process is reliable for its intended use, accurate, complete, and current. You are responsible for the accuracy of all Personal Information you provide to us. We will use reasonable efforts to maintain the accuracy and integrity of the Personal Information we obtain, and to update it as appropriate. We will take reasonable steps to ensure that Personal Information is reliable for its intended use.
7. How do we protect Personal Information?
We take the security of your Personal Information seriously. We have internal policies (such as our Cybersecurity Policies) and controls in place to ensure that your Personal Information is not lost, accidentally destroyed, misused or disclosed. All of your Personal Information will therefore be held securely and processed only by those who use your Personal Information for the purposes for which it was collected or you have otherwise authorized. Please see
PTC’s Trust Center
for more information about PTC’s cybersecurity practices.
You are responsible for keeping all access credentials, such as your username and password, required to access our Services, confidential. Your password must not be shared with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected cybersecurity breach and we will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach or suspected breach where we are legally required to do so. Although we have security measures in place to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its security.
8. Compliance and enforcement
We will conduct periodic internal compliance audits of our relevant privacy practices to verify adherence to this privacy statement. You can raise any concerns that you may have about the way we process your Personal Information by contacting us as described below.
We commit to resolve questions and complaints about your privacy and the collection or processing of your Personal Information. Individuals who believe that PTC or any of its affiliates is not complying with the terms of this Statement, can contact PTC’s Global Data Privacy Officer, as set out in
Section 17 below
.
PTC’s OpenDoor reporting platform also provides details of telephone numbers to call if you would prefer to speak with someone. All reports made through our OpenDoor platform are handled in strictest confidence.
We will answer any questions and investigate any concerns or complaints. We will do our best to internally resolve any complaints and disputes regarding the use and disclosure of Personal Information brought to our attention.
9. Unlawful use of PTC Software and Services
PTC regards software piracy as the crime it is, and we view offenders accordingly. We do not tolerate the unlawful use of PTC software products, and we pursue those who do so using all legal means available, including public and private surveillance resources. As part of these efforts, PTC utilizes information monitoring and scouring technologies to obtain and transmit information on unauthorized use of software. Such information may be transferred and processed in a country other than the one where the software is being used or accessed. If you are using an unauthorised or unlicensed copy of our software, cease using it immediately and contact PTC to obtain a legally licensed copy. By using an unauthorized or unlicensed copy of PTC software, you should be aware that PTC will collect, use, and transfer Personal Information internationally for the purposes of identifying users of such software. This Personal Information may include online identification, such as IP address, MAC address and geolocation. PTC has a legitimate interest in protecting its intellectual property rights and preventing the unlawful use of its products and services. For more information, please see
https://www.ptc.com/en/documents/software-piracy
.
10. Personal Information relating to Children who are under 13 (or under 16 in the EU)
Except where are products and services are being used for education purposes in a school or college context, our sites and Services are not directed to children younger than age thirteen (13) or under the age of sixteen 16 in the in the European Union. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under these ages on any of our sites and we will delete any such information if it is determined to be from such young person, unless we have received consent to collect such Personal Information from the child’s parent or guardian or someone with parental authority. In the event a parent or guardian believes that his/her child has provided Personal Information to PTC and wishes that Personal Information to be removed or corrected, please contact PTC as described below.
For more information about the collection and use of Personal Information relating to users of our Educational Services and other PTC products made available as part of a program directed to school or college users of our products or services, please see the
PTC Privacy Statement for Children’s Personal Information and Onshape Education Plans
.
11. Other sites
Our sites may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of acquired businesses, our authorized resellers, business partners, industry forums, analysts and to other sites that are relevant to our products and Services. Additionally, for some of the functions within our websites we link to/use third party suppliers for example, when you visit a page with videos embedded from or links to YouTube or slide-share. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any Personal Information to these websites.
12. Your rights
In certain circumstances, if you are resident in certain jurisdictions, you may exercise the rights available to you under applicable data protection laws as follows:
If you wish to access, correct, update or request deletion of your Personal Information, you can do so at any time by contacting us using the contact details below.
In addition, you can object to processing of your Personal Information, ask us to restrict processing of your Personal Information or request portability of your Personal Information. Again, you can exercise these rights by contacting us using the contact details provided below.
If we have collected and process your Personal Information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. This may mean your access to certain services is restricted or denied as a result. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your Personal Information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the right to complain to a Personal Information protection authority about our collection and use of your Personal Information. For more information, please contact your local Information protection authority.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their Information protection rights in accordance with applicable Information protection laws.
To exercise your rights, please contact us by using the information in
Section 17 below
. Your Personal Information may be processed in responding to these rights. We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month unless otherwise required by law, and will contact you if we need additional information from you in order to honour your request or verify your identity. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month, taking into account the complexity and number of requests we receive.
Some Users may update their user settings, profiles, organisation settings and event registrations by logging into their accounts and editing their settings or profiles.
Where we process Personal Information submitted by or for an Organization that has purchased our products or Services we may process such Personal Information as a processor on behalf of our customer (and its affiliates) who is the controller of the Personal Information, under the terms of our
Cybersecurity and Privacy Addendum
. If we are processing your Personal Information on behalf of a PTC customer and you wish to exercise any rights you may have under applicable data protection laws, please contact the Organization.
13. How long do we keep your Personal Information for?
We retain your Personal Information for as long as necessary to achieve the purpose for which your Personal Information was originally collected, such as provide you with the services you have requested and or to meet our legitimate business purposes, such as maintaining and improving our services, complying with legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our agreements. The specific retention periods may vary depending on the type of Personal Information and the purpose for which it was collected. Once your Personal Information is no longer required, we will securely delete or anonymize it in a manner that ensures your privacy is protected.
14. Legal basis for processing for EEA users
For Personal Information collected about you in the EU/EEA, the UK and other relevant jurisdictions, our basis for processing is the following:
We rely on our legitimate interest in processing contact and related information about you in order to provide our Services, communicate adequately with you, to respond to your requests, and to tailor our marketing and sales activities to your professional interests.
In order to engage in transactions with customers, suppliers and business partners, and to process purchases and downloads of our products and services, we need to process information about you as necessary to enter into or perform a contract with you, personally or.
We process Personal Information for marketing and sales activities (including events) based on your consent where so indicated on our sites at the time your Personal Information was collected, or further to our legitimate interest to keep you updated on developments around our products and services which may be of interest to you.
We rely on our legitimate interest to analyze, develop, improve and optimize our sites, facilities, products and services, and to maintain the security of our sites, networks and systems.
In order to comply with applicable laws and regulations, such as to comply with a subpoena or other legal process, or to process an opt-out request.
15. Additional information for California Residents
The California Consumer Privacy Act (as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act) requires businesses to disclose whether they sell or share Personal Information. As a business covered by the CCPA, we do not sell Personal Data. We may share Personal Information (in the form of identifiers and internet activity information) with third party advertisers for purposes of targeting advertisements on non-Salesforce websites, applications and services. In addition, we may allow third parties to collect Personal Information from our sites or services if those third parties are authorised service providers who have agreed to our contractual limitations as to their retention, use, and disclosure of such Personal Data, or if you use our Websites or Services to interact with third parties or direct us to disclose your Personal Information to third parties.
California law requires that we detail the categories of Personal Data that we disclose for certain “business purposes,” such as to service providers that assist us with securing our services or marketing our products, and to such other entities
as described in Sections 5 and 6 of this Privacy Statement
.
We process and disclose the following categories of Personal Information for our business purposes:
Identifiers;
Commercial information;
Internet activity information;
Financial information;
Professional and employment-related information;
Education information;
Geolocation data;
Audio and visual data;
Inferences drawn from any of the above information categories.
California law grants state residents’ certain rights, including the rights to know and access specific types of Personal Information, to learn how we process Personal Information, to request deletion of Personal Information, to request correction of Personal Information, to opt-out of sharing your Personal Information for third party advertising purposes, and not to be denied goods or services for exercising these rights.
For information on how to exercise your rights,
please refer to Section 12 of this Privacy Statement
. We may need to verify your identity and place of residence before completing your rights request.
16. Changes to our Privacy Policy
This Statement may be amended from time to time. Any changes we may make to our Privacy Statement in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. When amendments are made, we will revise the "last updated" date at the top of this Statement.
17. How to contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your Personal Information or this Privacy Policy, please contact us using the following details:
The Global Data Privacy Officer
PTC Inc.
121 Seaport Boulevard, Boston MA 02201
Attn: Compliance Department – Privacy
or
dataprivacy@ptc.com
or
www.ptc.com/opendoor
International contact telephone numbers are available on PTC’s OpenDoor website.
If you are a resident of a European Union member state or Switzerland or the UK, you also have the right to seek assistance from the data protection authorities. Click
here
for EU Data Protection Authorities and click
here
for Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner and click
here
for the UK’s Information Commissioner’s Office.