CEWE myPhotos Privacy Policy
CEWE respects
your privacy. All data collected is used to improve our service. Data
protection and data security for our customers and users are of the
highest priority for CEWE. The protection of your personal data
during all business processes are therefore of particular concern for
us.
This privacy
policy explains which information is recorded during your visit to
the CEWE myPhotos website or using CEWE myPhotos services and how
this information is used. However, this policy does not apply to
websites of other companies that contain a link to our website or
those to which our website has linked.
Collection and Processing of Personal Data
When you visit our websites, our web servers store temporary access
data by default, i.e. the IP address of your access, the upload
software used for ordering (HTML 5 etc), the Session_ID to identify
your connection session, as well as the date and time of the visit.
This data is deleted when your session terminates. In addition,
personal data is only stored if you voluntarily provide it to us,
e.g. registering an account, placing an order and the subsequent
order processing, a survey, competition or online application. You
will be informed about the purpose of the data collection in the
respective input and contact forms.
CEWE myPhotos
offers functionalities that require analysis of your image data.
During the analysis of your photos, the first step is use of
recognition to ascertain the number, position, size and facial
expressions of the faces recognised in your photos. This is followed
by an affiliation analysis, which merges photos containing the same
face(s) into a folder. The user can then personalise the folder(s) by
name. The user can additionally of course categorise their photos as
they wish. All data collected is stored in our CEWE data centre.
Access is granted exclusively to CEWE. No data is passed onto third
parties, nor will any third party have access to it. The use of
facial recognition in CEWE myPhotos is only allowed when you
personally activate it. You can of course at any time deactivate it
as you wish. If you choose to deactivate the facial recognition
function within CEWE myPhotos, the respective data will be deleted
from our servers and be irretrievable. After deactivation and
deletion, the recovery of this data will no longer be possible.
Transmission
of data via the Internet
In general,
sensitive data such as your login, password, address, image data,
video data, project data, information about payment methods, credit
card data or account data are transmitted exclusively via encrypted
connections (HTTPS/SSL) and stored on secure servers. The electronic
payment process is handled by Computop.
Use and disclosure of personal data and
purpose limitation
The image, video
or project data that you upload to store or create CEWE photo
products/projects is automatically stored in your personal CEWE
myPhotos account that only you can access. CEWE myPhotos also
provides you with online storage space for image, video or project
data to be saved over a longer period of time. You can delete this
data at any time, or make it available to third parties at your
request. You can also delete your CEWE myPhotos account at any time
via your user account.
In accordance
with the relevant data protection regulations, your data will be used
solely for the purpose for which it was uploaded, along with
safeguarding legitimate business interests, in particular the
technical administration of the website. Only then, when you’ve
given us prior consent will your data be used for product-related
surveys and marketing purposes.
Transmission of personal data to governmental
agencies will only take place within mandatory legal regulatory
requirements. Your data will not be disclosed to private third
parties without your express consent. Our employees are obliged to
maintain confidentiality and comply with the relevant data protection
regulations. When registering for the newsletter, your email address
will be used for our own advertising purposes until you unsubscribe
from the newsletter, which you can do at any time. According to the
EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) you have the right to
freely request information about your stored data as well as the
right to correction, blocking or deletion of this data.
Use of Cookies
In order to make visiting our site attractive
and to enable the use of certain functions, we use so-called cookies
on various pages. These are small text files that are stored on your
device. Some cookies we use are deleted after the end of the browsing
session, i.e. after closing your browser (so-called “session-based
cookies”). Other cookies remain on your device and enable us or our
partner companies to recognise you the next time you visit us
(persistent cookies).
You can set your browser so that you’re
informed about cookie setting and individually exclude cookie
permissions or generally. If cookies are not accepted, their
functionality may be restricted.
Collection of Anonymous User Data
This website uses web analytics technologies
from Adobe Systems Inc. (
http://adobe.com
)
to collect and store data for marketing and optimisation purposes,
from which user profiles are created using pseudonyms. These user
profiles are used to analyse visitor behaviour and this data is
evaluated to improve and tailor our services to better meet our
customers’ needs. Cookies can be used for this purpose. These are
small text files stored locally on the visitor’s device which
enable recognition when the website is visited again.
The pseudonymised user profiles are not
combined with any personal data about the bearer of the pseudonym
without the express consent of the person concerned, which must be
given separately.
You can object to the collection and storage of
data for the purpose of web analysis at any time by clicking on the
following link:
Deactivate
Adobe Analytics.
Security Measures
CEWE uses extensive technical and operational
security measures to protect your personal data administered by us
against misuse, accidental or deliberate manipulation or against
access by unauthorised persons. Our security procedures are
constantly being improved in line with technological developments.
Data Protection Officer
If you have any questions about data protection
at CEWE, please do not hesitate to contact us:
CEWE Stiftung &
Co KGaA
Datenschutz
Meerweg 30-32
26133 Oldenburg
E-Mail:
datenschutz@cewe.de
Frau Elwira
Wall
Last Updated: Mai
2018
CEWE
Stiftung & Co. KGaA