Privacy Policy
About Us
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cancellation Policy
Members Terms of Use
Chat Terms and Conditions
User Data Deletion
Your Privacy
This is the Privacy Policy of Travello Pty Ltd, with registered offices at 321 Brunswick St, Fortitude Valley QLD 4006, Australia with ABN 80 600 440 953 (hereinafter “Travello.com”, “us”, “our” or “we”) and is available via www.backpackerdeals.com (hereinafter: the Website ).
General Terms
This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use, process, and disclose your information, including personal information, in conjunction with your access to and use of the Website and payment services.
Travello.com respects the privacy and confidentiality of the information provided by you and adheres to the Australian Privacy Principles.
Travello.com declares to abide by the European General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 with this Privacy Policy.
Travello.com takes responsibility for the processing of your personal data as a data controller.
Data that we collect about you
Personal data means any information that can identify a natural person or any information that can link to an identifiable natural person. Personal data does not include information that is anonymised and where no natural person can be identified.
Personal data that we collect about you:
First name
Last name
Email address
Contact telephone number
Dietary requirements
Location
IP address
Credit Card details
Account and profile information
Profile photo if you wish to upload one
Passport details
Social media information if you choose to interact with us on social media platforms or use the social sign-on feature
How do we collect data about you
Backpacker Deal can obtain personal data through different means:
When you sign up for an account on the Website
By contacting us through the contact form on the Website
By contacting us by sending an email
By contacting us by calling us
By contacting us through our live chat function on the Website
By purchasing a product or a service from us
By starting the booking process, regardless of whether you complete it
Web beacons and pixels
Interacting with us on social media platforms
By contacting us using WhatsApp
Cookies
Purposes of processing your data
Travello.com rely on the following basis for the legal processing of your personal data:
Where we need to perform the contract we enter into with you i.e. contractual obligations
Where it is necessary for Travello.com’ legitimate interests and following a balance test where your fundamental rights do not override those interests
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation
Where you have provided us with consent
Travello.com shall only use the data collected about you solely for the following purposes:
To provide you with products and services that you have purchased from us
To contact you when there are changes to the products and services that you’ve purchased from us
To send you confirmation and reminder emails of products and services that you’ve purchased from us
To assist you in completing your bookings
To ensure your safety when you provide dietary requirements to us
To contact you when you send us an enquiry
To prevent fraud, spam, abuse and security incidents
To improve your experience of the Website
To improve and develop the Travello.com platform
To send you information about other tours and experiences you may be interested in
To send updates regarding our Website and information in the form of a newsletter
To send you our Review Portal so that you can give an (optional) review of your tour after your attendance
To comply with our legal obligations
To enforce our Terms and Conditions
For protecting our interests - we may use your Personal Data to protect the rights, property or safety of our Website, our customers or third parties. We strive to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of personal information submitted to our Website, and we periodically update our security measures in light of current technologies
You are not required to provide Travello.com with your personal data, however, we may not be able to deliver services to you if you refuse to provide personal data.
Where you provide us with consent to process your personal data, you have the right to withdraw this consent at any time. If you wish to withdraw consent please see the section entitled ‘Your rights’ for more information.
Automated decisions and profiling
We do not process your personal data to create a profile of you and you shall not be subjected to automated decisions.
Data Retention
We will store and process your personal data for the period necessary depending on the purposes of processing and the contractual relationship you may have with Travello.com.
First name: for as long as you are a customer of Travello.com
Last name: for as long as you are a customer of Travello.com
Email address: for as long as you are a customer of Travello.com
Contact telephone number: for as long as you are a customer of Travello.com
Dietary requirements: for as long as you are a customer of Travello.com
Location: for as long as you are a customer of Travello.com
IP address: for as long as you visit the Website
Profile picture: for as long as you are a customer of Travello.com
Credit Card details: for as long as you are a customer of Travello.com and up to 2 years thereafter for fraud prevention purposes. See section entitled ‘Payment and financial data’ for more information
Account and profile information: for as long as you are a customer of Travello.com
Passport details: for as long as you are a customer of Travello.com
Transfer of data
We may share your data with the following categories of third parties:
Employees of Travello.com
Contractors in order to provide services
Freelancers and contractors for IT support
Payment processors in order to process online payments, bank transfers and merchant banks
Professional advisors such as accountants, auditors
Legal authorities and law enforcement such as the police, tax authorities
Mailing software such as the one to manage our newsletters
We do not allow our service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
We guarantee a similar level of protection by imposing contractual obligations to our subcontractors that are similar to this Privacy Policy.
We share data with the following specific third parties:
Google Analytics: We use Google Analytics to anonymously gather statistics about Website users in order to maintain and improve the user experience and Website. Google Analytics is a third-party service provided by Google and this Privacy Policy does not cover the processing performed by Google. For more information about how Google collects and processes your data, please refer to their Privacy Policy.
Facebook: We use the Facebook pixel to collect statistics about Website users for marketing purposes. Facebook is a third-party service and this Privacy Policy does not cover processing performed by Facebook. For more information about how Google collects and processes your data, please refer to their Privacy Policy.
Hotjar: We use Hotjar to collect data on user mouse flow and heatmaps of Website visitors so that we can improve our platform and your experience of our Website. Hotjar is a third-party service and this Privacy Policy does not cover processing performed by Hotjar. For more information about how Hotjar collects and processes your data, please refer to their Privacy Policy.
Optimonk: We use Optimonk to collect data on how users use our Website in order to improve the Platform and our product and service offerings to you. Optimonk is a third-party service and this Privacy Policy does not cover processing performed by Optimonk. For more information about how Optimonk collects and processes your data, please refer to their Privacy Policy.
Google Adwords: We use Google Adwords to advertise and remarket to potential customers. See Cookies in the section entitled ‘Cookies’. This Privacy Policy does not cover how Google processes your information. For more information about how Google collects and processes your data, please refer to their Privacy Policy.
Yotpo: We use Yotpo to capture and display reviews submitted by users on our Website. You provide data directly to Yotpo. This Privacy Policy does not cover how Yotpo processes your information. For more information about how Yotpo collects and processes your data, please refer to their Privacy Policy.
Inspectlet: We use Inspectlet to collect data on user mouse flow and heatmaps of Website visitors so that we can improve our platform and your experience of our Website. Inspectlet is a third-party service and this Privacy Policy does not cover processing performed by Inspectlet. For more information about how Inspectlet collects and processes your data, please refer to their Privacy Policy.
Braintree: We use Braintree as our third-party payment gateway to process all payment information on the Website. For more information about how Braintree collects and processes your data, please refer to their Privacy Policy.
Amazon: our platform is hosted on servers maintained by Amazon. For more information about how Amazon collects and processes your data, please refer to their Privacy Policy.
Mailchimp: We use Mailchimp to send marketing emails and update newsletters to keep you informed of products and services you might be interested in. This Privacy Policy does not cover how Mailchimp processes your information. For more information about how Mailchimp collects and processes your data, please refer to their Privacy Policy.
Travello.com shall not be liable in any way for direct or indirect damages caused by wrongfully or improper use of the personal data by a third party.
Payment and financial data
Travello.com does not store full credit card details. Travello.com collects the last 4-digits of your credit card number and the issuing bank for fraud prevention purposes only. This data is retained by us for a maximum of 2 years only. All payments and transactions are processed by our third-party payment gateway processor Braintree and Braintree guarantees data security by various methods listed here.
Third party external links
We may include links to third party websites, applications, plug-ins (such as choosing to create an account by using Facebook or Google Accounts). Links to third party websites do not constitute sponsorship or endorsement or approval of these websites. By clicking on those links you may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third party websites and this Privacy Policy does not cover the processing performed by them. We suggest you check the third party websites for more information about how they handle personal data.
We do not and will not sell or deal in personal or customer information. We will never disclose your personal details to a third party except the necessary information required by providers of products or services you have purchased or to protect the rights, property or safety of Travello.com, our customers or third parties or if required by law.
We may, however, use in a general sense without any reference to your name, your information to create marketing statistics, identify user demands and to assist it in meeting customer needs generally. In addition, we may use the information that you provide to improve our Website and services but not for any other use.
Public information
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily make your personal information available for viewing by third parties online – for example on message boards, web logs, through email, or in chat areas – that information can be seen, collected and used by others besides us. We cannot be responsible for any unauthorised third-party use of such information.
Transfer of ownership
Please also note that as our business grows, we may buy or sell various assets. In the unlikely event that we sell some or all of our assets, or one or more of our websites is acquired by another company, information about our users may be among the transferred assets. You will be notified of this event if it occurs and you have the right to restrict processing of your personal data and/or withdraw consent.
International transfers
Due to the global nature of our operations, these transfers will involve transferring your data within and outside the European Economic Area. We ensure that there is an adequate level of protection for personal data in the receiving entity.
We may use the following methods to safeguard the transfer of data internationally:
Transfer of personal data to a country that has officially been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission (‘adequacy decisions’)
We may use Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission
We may transfer data to the US if they are part of the Privacy Shield. If the receiving third party is not a part of the Privacy Shield then we may use the Standard Contractual Clauses
We may use Binding Corporate Rules that ensure that all Group entities will have an adequate level of protection for personal data
Security measures
We have implemented an appropriate technical and organizational measures, procedures and safeguards are in place to prevent the destruction, loss, adjustment, accidental notification to a third party, removal and unauthorized access of personal data.
We only allow access to your personal data to those employees, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They only process your personal data on our instructions and are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
All payments are processed by the third-party payment gateway Braintree and we not store full credit card details.
We use Amazon and Norton SSL certificates to secure each and every transaction that occurs on our Website. All data collected from the customer is encrypted in transition between our website and customers’ devices.
All our servers are secured by Amazon and we use 2-factor authentication for logging into to our platform and servers.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file placed in your web browser that collects information about your web browsing behaviour. Use of cookies allows a website to tailor its configuration to your needs and preferences. The information stored through these cookies can only be read by Travello.com and only for the duration of your visit to the Website. Cookies do not access information stored on your computer or any personal information (e.g. name, address, email address or telephone number). Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but you can choose to reject cookies by changing your browser settings. This may, however, prevent you from taking full advantage of our website.
When you use the Website, your device or browser may be sent cookies from third parties, for example when using embedded content and social network links. It's important for you to know that we have no access to or control over cookies used by these companies or third-party websites. We suggest you check the third party websites for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
Your rights
Under the General Data Protection Regulation, data subjects within the European Economic Area are entitled to the following rights:
Right of access – you have the right to be informed on how we use your personal data and you have the right to request access to the personal data that we have collected about you
Right of rectification – you have the right to correct inaccurate information that we may have about you
Right to object – you have the right to object to us processing your personal data
Right to restrict processing – you have the right to request us to suspend processing under certain circumstances
Right to data portability – you have the right to obtain a copy of your personal data in an easily readable format in order to transfer to another service
Right to erasure – otherwise known as the ‘right to be forgotten’ meaning that you have the right to request that we delete all the personal data that we have on you (with certain legal exceptions)
Right to withdraw consent – where the processing is based on consent, you have the right to at all times, withdraw your consent
We extend the above rights to data subjects outside of the EEA, and we also adhere to the rights of the user under the Privacy Act 1988 and the Australian Privacy Principles.
If you wish to exercise any of your rights, please contact us by sending mail to:
Privacy Office
Travello Pty Ltd
2/121 Newmarket Road
Windsor
QLD 4030
Australia
1300 358 071
Or electronically to
marketing@backpackerdeals.com
Please note that you will be requested to provide specific identification information in order to verify your identity before your request can be processed. This is a security measure that we have implemented to ensure that there is no unauthorized access to personal data by third parties.
We are committed to providing you with a response to your request within 30 days. However, if there are delays in providing you with your request, we will notify you of the delay, the reason for the delay and extend our response time.
Right to make a complaint.
You have the right to make a complaint anytime to:
EEA region: the supervisory authority or Data Protection Authority of your country of residence
Australia: Individuals in Australia may make a complaint to the Office of Australian Information Commissioner
Elsewhere: relevant and competent authority in matters of privacy and data protection
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time to incorporate new rules or guidance issued under the General Data Protection Regulation. We will always notify you of the changes and ensure that the most recent Privacy Policy will be available to you.
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or you wish to exercise your rights, please contact the Privacy Office as per the section entitled ‘Your rights’.
For all other enquiries please contact info@backpackerdeals.com
Effective: 25th May 2018