Skip to Main Content
Home
Legal Notice
Mobile Application Terms and Conditions
Legal Notice
Pause animation button
Legal
Notice
Privacy &
Cookies
Ad Choice
Policy
Cruise Ticket
Contract
Passenger
Bill of Rights
Terms &
Conditions
Mobile Application
Terms & Conditions
SMS Terms
& Conditions
Copyright &
Trademarks
LEGAL NOTICE
There is nothing more important to us than the safety of our guests. Comprehensive, fleet-wide security practices
        have been in place for many years, which include the reporting of alleged crimes to the FBI. However, as a
        result of the Cruise Vessel Security and Safety Act of 2010, statistics for cruise ship crime allegations will
        now be posted on the internet for public viewing. Public reporting requirements, mandated by this law, are
        unique to the cruise industry and similar requirements do not exist for other travel suppliers such as airlines,
        hotels and theme parks.
The statistics, cited within the U.S. Coast Guard's web site, represent crime allegations in different categories
        occurring on cruise ships sailing from North America, which must be reported in accordance to the Cruise Vessel
        Security and Safety Act of 2010.
It is worth noting that these alleged incidents are no longer under investigation by the FBI and may have been
        reported without sufficient evidence. Additionally, it is most important to put these statistics within proper
        context so that everyone can understand that the incidence of crime on board is very small given the large
        number of guests we carry.
A Carnival cruise remains one of the safest vacation options available.
Incident Reporting Statistics Site
CARNIVAL PRIVACY SUMMARY
Last Updated: 05/12/2023
Carnival Cruise Line (“
Carnival Cruise Line
,” “
we
,”
        “
our
,” or “
us
”) is a division of Carnival Corporation
        & plc. We recognize that your privacy is important. Your choice to share information with us is an important
        part
        of how we provide a world-class travel experience. We've developed this Privacy Summary to give you a quick
        understanding of how and why we collect, use, and share your information both online and in the real world.
If you want more information, you can read the full version of the
Carnival
            Privacy Notice
.
HOW WE COLLECT AND USE YOUR INFORMATION
We collect many categories of personal information. The categories we collect may include: Contact and profile
        information; comments and suggestions, chat and opinions; Payment and transaction information; Location
        information; Information provided by social networks; Information provided by third parties; Information about
        fraudulent or criminal activity related to your account.
This information is collected from you in many ways, which are described in the full
Privacy
            Notice
. A few examples include:
WHEN YOU PROVIDE PERSONAL INFORMATION TO US.
We collect personal information about
            you when you register for an account, make a purchase, sign up for marketing communications, participate in
            an offer, or send it to us.
WHILE YOU ARE ON YOUR VACATION.
We collect personal information about you when you
            choose to use our or our third-party partners' services, including amenities, excursions, casinos, and
            otherwise through photo and video footage of our ships.
WHEN YOU USE OUR ONLINE SERVICES.
We collect some personal information about you
            automatically as you use our Service and during your vacation.
FROM THIRD-PARTY SOURCES.
We may also collect personal information from our
            third-party partners who help us to provide the Service or from other third- party partners to supplement or
            enhance our information.
We use personal information to facilitate your vacation and our other Services, to fulfill your requests,
        process transactions and contact you; to send you personalized advertising and promotional content and
        materials; to analyze and improve our Services and our business; and for other reasons described more fully in
        our Privacy Notice below.
If you are travelling on an Ocean Medallion Class
®
vessel, we collect information about your use of OCEAN® services, including our applications, websites, and the on-board interactive features during your trip. Please see
MedallionClass™
sections of our Privacy Notice for more
        information.
To learn more about the information we collect and how we use it, see our full
Privacy
            Notice
.
HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
We share information in a variety of circumstances to provide our services, respond to your requests, improve
        your experience, and otherwise conduct our business. For example, we may share information:
With our affiliates and companies in the Carnival Corporation & plc family of companies, who may use your information in the same way as we can under our Privacy Notice.
With third party partners and service providers to facilitate our Services, fulfill your orders or requests, when you choose to share your activities on Carnival Cruise Line with your friends and contacts, or when you engage in promotional activities we provide with third party partners.
With select third parties, so that they can provide you with information and marketing messages about
            products and services you may enjoy.
In connection with a corporate transaction, such as a merger, sale, reorganization, financing, or in
            the event of a bankruptcy or related or similar proceeding.
Where we believe such disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the personal safety or health of our
            guests, family members or others or support the health and wellbeing of our crew and the broader public.
As required by law or subpoena where necessary to comply with law and law enforcement, to enforce our
Terms
, to protect the
            security or integrity of our Services, and to exercise or protect the rights, property, health and safety of
            us and
            other third-parties. To learn more about these and other ways in which we may share your personal
            information, please see our full
Privacy Notice
.
CHOICES ABOUT YOUR
        INFORMATION
We want you to understand your choices regarding how we may process your personal information. Depending on how
        you use the Service, these choices may include the following:
ABOUT OUR ADS.
We participate in interest-based advertising and use third party
            advertising companies to serve you targeted advertisements based on your browsing history. To learn more
            about our advertising practices and your choices relating to advertising, please see the
Ad Choice Policy
for more
            information.
PROFILE ACCESS & SHARING SETTINGS.
You may access and update your profile
            information, such as your user name, address, or billing information, and may change some of your data
            sharing preferences on your account page.
DEVICE SETTINGS.
If you would like to update your device access permissions, such as
            permissions to access your geolocation, camera or address book, you can do so in the "Settings" app on your
            mobile device.
PROMOTIONAL MESSAGES.
You can stop receiving promotional email communications from
            us by following the "unsubscribe" instructions provided in such communications. We make every effort to
            promptly process all unsubscribe requests. You may still receive Service-related communications, including
            account verification, transactional communications, changes/updates to features of the Services, and
            technical and security notices.
Please be sure to check the full
Privacy Notice
for more information about your choices.
REGION-SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES
We may choose or be required by law to provide different or additional disclosures relating to the processing of
        personal information about residents of certain countries, regions or states. Please refer below for disclosures
        that may be applicable to you:
– If you are a resident of the State of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, or Virginia in the United States, please visit the
U.S. State Privacy Rights
section for more information.
– If you are a resident of the State of Nevada in the United States, please visit the
Nevada Privacy
                Rights
section for more information.
– If you are located in the European Economic Area, Switzerland and the UK (“EEA”), please visit the
European Privacy Rights
section for more information.
– If you are located in Brazil, please visit the
Brazil Privacy Rights
section for more information.
– If you are located in the People’s Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan), please visit
            the
China
                Privacy Rights
section for more information.
QUESTIONS?
For more questions about our Privacy Notice, please feel free to email us at
dpo@carnival.com
Back to top
CARNIVAL PRIVACY NOTICE
Carnival Cruise Line (“Carnival Cruise Line”,”
“we,”
“our,”
or
“us”
) is a division of Carnival Corporation & plc.  Carnival Cruise Line includes 1972 Productions Inc., 6348 Equipment L.L.C, A.C.N. 098 290 834 Pty. Ltd., A.J. Juneau Dock LLC, Adventure Island Ltd., AIDA Kundencenter GmbH, AIDAradio GmbH, Alaska Hotel Properties LLC, Air-Sea Holiday GmbH, Barcelona Cruise Terminal SLU, Bay Island Cruise Port S.A., Belize Cruise Terminal Limited, Carnival (UK) Limited, Carnival Bahamas FC Limited, Carnival Bahamas Holdings Limited, Carnival Corporation & plc Asia Pte. Ltd., Carnival Corporation Hong Kong Limited, Carnival Corporation Korea Ltd., Carnival Corporation Ports Group Japan KK, Carnival Finance LLC, Carnival Grand Bahama Investment Limited, Carnival Investments Limited, Carnival Japan Inc., Carnival License Holdings Limited, Carnival Maritime GmbH, Carnival North America LLC, Carnival Port Holdings Limited, Carnival Ports Inc., Carnival Support Services India Private Limited, Carnival Technical Services (UK) Limited, Carnival Technical Services Finland Limited, Carnival Technical Services GmbH, Carnival Vanuatu Limited, CC U.S. Ventures Inc., CCL Gifts LLC, Costa Crociere PTE Ltd, Costa Crociere S.p.A., Costa Crociere S.A., Costa Cruise Lines Inc., Costa Cruise Lines UK Limited, Costa Cruises Customer Service S.L.U., Costa Cruises Shipping Services (Shanghai) Company Limited, Costa Cruises Travel Agency (Shanghai) Co. Ltd., Costa Cruises Turkey Turizm Gelisim A.S., Costa Cruzeiros Agencia Maritima e Turismo Ltda., Costa International B.V., Costa Kreuzfahrten GmbH, Cozumel Cruise Terminal S.A. de C.V., Cruise Ships Catering & Services International N.V., Cruise Terminal Services S.A de C.V., Cruiseport Curacao C.V., CSMART Real Estate B.V., CSMART Real Estate C.V., CSSC Carnival (Shanghai) Cruise Shipping Limited, CSSC Carnival Italy Cruise Investment S.r.L., D.R. Cruise Port Ltd., F.P.M. SAS, F.P.P. SAS, Fleet Maritime Services (Bermuda) Limited, Fleet Maritime Services Holdings (Bermuda) Limited, Fleet Maritime Services International Limited, Gibs Inc, Global Experience Innovators Inc, Global Fine Arts Inc, Global Shipping Service (Shanghai) Co. Ltd., Grand Cruise Shipping Unipessoal LdA, Grand Turk Cruise Center Ltd, GXI LLC, HAL Antillen N.V., HAL Beheer B.V., HAL Maritime Ltd., HAL Nederland N.V., HAL Properties Limited, HAL Services B.V., Holding Division Iberocruceros SLU, Holland America Line Inc., Holland America Line N.V., Holland America Line Paymaster of Washington LLC, Holland America Line U.S.A. Inc., HSE Hamberg School of Entertainment GmbH, Ibero Cruzeiros Ltda., Ibercruceros SLU, Information Assistance Corporation, International Cruise Services S.A. de C.V., International Leisure Travel Inc., International Maritime Recruitment Agency S.A. de C.V., Milestone N.V., Navitrans S.R.L., Ocean Bahamas Innovation Ltd., Ocean Medallion Fulfilment Ltd., Odds on Gaming Corporation, Operadora Catalina S.r.L., P&O Princess American Holdings, P&O Princess Cruises International Limited, P&O Princess Cruises Pension Trustee Limited, P&O Properties (California) Inc., P&O Travel Limited, Piccapietra Finance S.r.L., Prestige Cruises Management S.A.M., Prestige Cruises N.V., Princess Bermuda Holdings LTD., Princess Cays Ltd., Princess Cruise Corporation Inc., Princess Cruise Lines Ltd., Princess Cruises and Tours Inc., Princess U.S. Holdings Inc., RCT Maintenance & Related Services S.A., RCT Pilots & Related Services S.A., RCT Security & Related Services S.A., Roatan Cruise Terminal S.A. de C.V., Royal Hyway Tours Inc., Santa Cruz Terminal S.L., Seabourn Cruise Line Limited, SeaVacations Limited, SeaVacations UK Limited, Shanghai Coast Cruise Consulting Co. Lda., Ship Care (Bahamas) Limited, Sitmar Cruises Inc., Spanish Cruise Services N.V., Sunshine Shipping Corporation Ltd., T&T International Inc., Tour Alaska LLC, Transnational Services Corporation, Trident Insurance Company Ltd., Welcome Travel Group S.p.A., West Sicily Gate S.r.L., Westmark Hotels of Canada Ltd., Westmark Hotels Inc, Westours Motor Coaches LLC, World Leading Cruise Management (Shanghai) Co. Ltd.  We recognize that your privacy is important.  Your choice to share information with us is an important part of how we provide a world-class travel experience. We’ve developed this Privacy Notice to explain how your personal information is collected, used, stored, processed, transferred and disclosed by Carnival Cruise Line, both online and in the real world.
Our Services.
This Privacy Notice applies to our websites and applications, including Carnival.com and the HubApp and any other website, mobile application, or other online service that links to this Notice  (collectively, our “
Sites
”) and describes how
        we collect, use and process your personal information in connection with our Sites, marketing and promotional
        activities and your interactions with us before, during and after one of our vacation experiences (collectively
        with our Sites, our “
Services
”).
Please note that this privacy notice does not apply to our processing of information about employees, crew,
        contractors or our vendor contacts.
By providing us with your personal information or otherwise using our Services, you acknowledge that you have
        read, understood and agree to the terms of this Privacy Notice and our
Terms of
            Service
.
Click on the links below to jump to each section:
HOW WE COLLECT AND USE YOUR INFORMATION
HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
CHOICES ABOUT YOUR INFORMATION
COVID-19 NOTICE
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
REGION-SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
TSA SECURE FLIGHT NOTICE
LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY NOTICE
QUESTION? COMMENTS? CONTACT US
Back to top
HOW WE COLLECT AND USE YOUR INFORMATION
We collect personal information in various ways, for example, when you visit our online sites and services, book
        travel, create an account, enjoy our vacation experiences while on a voyage, communicate with us or otherwise
        engage with our Services. All of the information collected through our Services may be combined to provide a
        seamless, personalized experience, regardless of how you interact with us.
The categories of personal information we collect can include:
Personal identifiers
such as your name, email address, mailing address, phone
            number,
            date of birth or similar identifiers.
Customer records
such as your identification documents, payment information
            (credit or
            debit card or other financial information).
Commercial information
such as your travel history, account data, participation in a loyalty or rewards program, information about the products or services purchased or considered.
Health or medical information
such as health monitoring information, accessibility
            information, care in one of our shipboard clinics, medications, allergies or other medical accommodation
            needs.
Sensory information
such as photos and videos of you and audio recordings of phone
            calls between you and us, where permitted by law.
Biometric information
, including facial identifiers that can recognize you from
            photos and video.
Preferences
you provide to us or generated through your use of the Services,
            including
            inferences we may make based on our experience with you.
Internet, network and device information
from the browser or device you use to
            access
            our Services, which could include your IP address, device ID, cookie identifiers, browser type, internet
            service
            provider, referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp and or clickstream data.
Geolocation data
including precise geolocation data from your browser or device or
            inferred based on your IP address.
Professional information
if you submit a job application or in connection with
            your
            role as a travel partner or agent.
Background check information
that we may receive from third-party sources, such as criminal and sex offender registry information.
Keep reading to learn more about how we collect personal information you provide to us directly, information we
        collect through your use of the Services or your travel experience, and information we receive through third
        parties, and the purposes for which we use your information.
A. When You Provide Personal Information to Us.
REGISTRATION & PROFILE.
If you register for an account
            through our Services or complete your traveler profile, we collect your personal identifiers, customer
            records,
            commercial information and, if you provide it, information about health or medical conditions. We use this
            information to create and administer your account, provide you with the relevant Services and information,
            communicate with you regarding your account and your use of the Services, provide rewards and loyalty
            program
            perks, for customer support purposes, and to send you marketing communications by email, push notification,
            or
            by text message, in accordance with your preferences.
TRAVEL BOOKINGS & ORDERS.
If you book travel with us or
            order additional products or Services, we collect a variety of information, including your personal
            identifiers,
            customer records, commercial information and, if you provide it, information about health or medical
            conditions,
            as well as any other information you choose to provide to us. We use this information to process your
            transaction, complete and ship your purchase, book and confirm your travel itinerary, communicate with you
            and
            those traveling with you about your itinerary and to administer the Services.
INQUIRIES & COMMUNICATIONS.
If you communicate with us or
            other guests through any paper or electronic form to request an itinerary, deck plan, brochure, ebrochure or
            video, or to otherwise inquire or communicate with us or other guests, we collect your personal identifiers,
            commercial information, and any other personal information you choose to provide in the content of your
            message.
            We use this information to investigate and respond to your inquiries, to facilitate communication with us
            and
            the other guests, to provide you with requested information, to enhance the services we offer to our guests,
            and
            to manage and grow our business. If you represent a company or agency interested in partnering with us, we
            will
            also collect your professional and employment information in order to respond to your inquiries, communicate
            with you, to manage and grow our organization and to facilitate a business relationship.
SURVEYS & SWEEPSTAKES.
If you choose to take advantage of a
            promotion, respond to a survey, or enter a contest or sweepstakes, we collect your personal identifiers,
            customer records and any other personal information you are requested to provide at the time, or choose to
            provide to us. We use this information to administer and facilitate the Services, to respond to your
            submission,
            to communicate with you, to conduct market research, inform our marketing and advertising activities and
            improve
            and grow our business.
DEVICE CONTENT (CONTACTS AND PHOTOS).
With your permission, we will collect content from
            the device you use to access our online Services, such as photos from your device camera roll and camera and
            the contacts from your address book. We use this information to share photos and video you take during your
            vacation or to communicate with your contacts. For
            more
            information on how to withdraw your permission, please see the
Choices About Your
                Information
section below.
You may provide personal information for yourself and those traveling with you. By providing us with the travel
        or contact information of any third party, you confirm that you have the authority to do so on their behalf and
        have provided them with the information set out in this Privacy Notice. The personal information of each person
        whose personal information is linked to the same travel itinerary may be accessible by all others included in
        that same itinerary.
B. While You Are On Your Vacation.
When you take part in the Services aboard one of our ships or at one of our properties, we collect information
        about your visit, including information about your interactions with our staff, programming and with the
        technology-enhanced features of our ships and hotels.
There are a few different types of vacation experiences where we may collect and use your information:
AMENITIES, EXCURSIONS & ADD-ON SERVICES.
If you choose to
            take advantage of our amenities or enhance your vacation with on-board purchases of goods or Services, we
            collect your personal identifiers, customer records, and commercial information. Depending on the Service,
            we
            may also need to collect information about your health or medical conditions. We use this information to
            process
            your transaction, book and administer your Services, to communicate with you and those travelling with you
            about
            your Services, and to inform our advertising and marketing activities. Where the Services are provided by
            third-party companies, we will use your information to coordinate and facilitate their provision of the
            Service.
INCIDENTS AND HEALTH SCREENINGS.
If, while traveling with us, you suffer a personal injury,
            fall ill, submit a claim about a personal injury, or are otherwise involved in an incident, we collect your
            personal identifiers, health or medical information and details about the incident. We may also screen you
            for symptoms of potential contagions, such as COVID-19, that may present a risk to the other guests and crew
            members aboard our ships, including through temperature checks, self-assessment questionnaires and tissue
            sampling. We use this information to attend to your medical and safety needs and those of our guests and
            crew, maintain records of incidents, facilitate investigations and remedies, to protect our rights and the
            rights of our guests, for security and public health purposes, to prevent fraud, and to improve our
            Services.
PHOTO & VIDEO FOOTAGE.
We collect a security photo at or before you board our ships. We
            operate closed circuit television (CCTV) cameras on board our ships, including at all access points and
            throughout the public areas. These CCTV cameras record continually and
images
                    of you
may appear in these recordings ("
CCTV images
").
            Photographers and camera crews
            take photographs and make films for guests to purchase at the end of their vacation or for our own
            promotional use. They are happy to take reasonable steps to avoid filming or photographing you where you
            indicate to the person with the camera that this is your preference , but we are unable to guarantee that
            your images will not be included on an incidental basis. We use this information for our own promotional
            purposes, to maintain records of incidents, facilitate investigations and remedies, to protect our rights
            and the rights of our guests, for security purposes, to enable public health measures, to prevent fraud, and
            to improve our Services. We may apply facial recognition technology to your security photo to facilitate
            camera-enabled rapid embarkation, debarkation, at entry and exit of the vessel at ports of call. We may also
            use facial recognition to link the pictures and videos taken by onboard photographers or videographers to
            you for ease of ordering and to reduce paper waste. After sailing, you will still be able to access your
            linked photos and videos via our connection with a third-party photo library service. We delete facial
            biometric identifiers promptly following completion of the voyage though we may retain any photos that have
            been identified and linked to a guest account for up to two (2) years to enable guest access and purchase of
            photos and photo memorabilia after the end of the voyage.
CASINO.
If you choose to play or use the services in one of our Casinos or gaming arcades
            and/or participate in one or more bingo sessions or online gaming experiences, we may collect your personal
            identifiers, customer records and commercial information. We also collect information about your gaming
            activity, such as the games you play, duration of play, results of play, total amount wagered, and amount of
            winnings. We may use this information to validate your identity and age, to determine your eligibility for
            promotions and offers during your vacation and for future travel, to inform our marketing and advertising
            activities, and to communicate directly with you. In addition, we may use this information to generate
            win/loss statement, to conduct credit checks, process lines of credit, or otherwise as needed to comply with
            our legal obligations and to prevent or investigate fraud.
Note:
guest casino sites may only be
            available in
            international waters or locations where permitted by applicable jurisdictional laws.
MEDALLIONCLASS™.
Where available on
            MedallionClass™ ships and at certain resorts or
            destinations, we
            collect information from and linked to your use of your Medallion® wearable (the
            “
Medallion®
”), as well as
            information collected through OCEAN® websites and applications, including MedallionClass™, PlayOcean®, and
            Ocean® Casino ( together with MedallionClass™ ships and destinations, the “
MedallionClass™
                Services
”), your
            use of the Medallion® during your vacation, and from your booking and interactions with our Services
            on-board and in select resorts. The wearable Medallion® allows us to collect your
position and
                movement
                information
through sensors and readers located throughout our MedallionClass™ ships and in
            certain resorts
            and properties which emit a signal that detects the presence of the Medallion®. This allows us to gather
            information about your position and location within the ship and your movements on-board. The Medallion®
            technology is not a global positioning system and cannot detect the precise geolocation (lat/long) of an
            individual. The Medallion® is linked to your other personal information associated with your registration
            and traveler profile. We use this information to enable certain personalized features and Services online
            and during your vacation. For example, we use this information to locate you during your vacation and enable
            you to locate other members of your family, to contact you and deliver requested Services to your location
            (e.g., food delivery), to send you content or messaging relevant to your location and to customize your
            interactions with our Services. We may also use this information to monitor and protect the health and
            safety of our guests, including to conduct contact tracing, or investigate wrongful acts or allegations as
            appropriate. We may also use this information, individually and in aggregate, to develop and improve our
            Services and to understand the movement patterns and behaviors of guests on our ship. When you make a
            purchase through the MedallionClass™ Services using your Medallion®, we will process the commercial
            information you have on file in order to complete your transaction, detect and prevent fraud, and to inform
            our advertising and marketing.
C. When You Use Our Online Services.
When you visit our Sites or use our Services, read our emails, or otherwise engage with us through a computer or mobile device, we and our third party partners automatically collect information you provide to us and information about how you access and use the Service and information about the device you use to access the Service.
We typically collect this information through a variety of tracking technologies, including cookies, Flash objects, web beacons, embedded scripts, APIs and mobile software development kits (SDKs), location-identifying technologies, and similar technology (collectively, “
tracking technologies
”), and we may use third party services and technologies to collect this information. Information we collect automatically about you may be combined with other personal information we collect directly or receive from other sources.
Specifically, we and our third party partners may use tracking technologies to automatically collect commercial information, preferences, and internet, network and device information, including:
Information about how you access the Service,
such as the site from which you came and the site to which you are going when you leave our Sites, how frequently you access the Service, when and whether you open emails or click the links contained in emails, your location when you access or interact with our Service, whether you access the Service from multiple devices and other actions you take on the Service.
Information about how you use the Service,
such as the pages you visit, the links you click, the ads you view and click on, videos you watch, purchase information and your checkout process, and other similar actions. We may also use third-party tools to collect information you provide to us or information about how you use the Service and may record your mouse movements, scrolling, clicks and keystroke activity on our Sites and other browsing behavior. These tools may also record information you enter when you interact withour Service or engage in chat features through our service.
Information about the computer, tablet, smartphone or other device you use,
such as your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, platform type, device type/model/manufacturer, operating system, date and time stamp, a unique ID that allows us to uniquely identify your browser, mobile device or your account (including, e.g., a persistent device identifier or an Ad ID), and other such information.
Analytics information.
We may collect analytics data, or use third party analytics tools, to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service and to understand more about the demographics and behaviors of our users.
All of the information collected automatically through these tools allows us to improve your customer experience. For example, we may use this information to enhance and personalize your user experience, to monitor and improve our Sites and Services, and improve the effectiveness of our Service, offers, advertising, communications and customer service.  We may also use this information to: (a) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Sites; (b) provide custom, personalized content, and information; (c) identify and contact you across multiple devices; (d) provide and monitor the effectiveness of our Service; (e) perform analytics and detect usage patterns on our Service; (f) diagnose or fix technology problems; (g) detect or prevent fraud or other harmful activities, and (h) otherwise to plan for and enhance our Service.
If you would prefer not to accept cookies, most browsers will allow you to: (i) change your browser settings to notify you when you receive a cookie, which lets you choose whether or not to accept it; (ii) disable existing cookies; or (iii) set your browser to automatically reject cookies. Please note, however, that disabling our cookies may mean that you will not be able to take full advantage of our Services.
Deleting cookies or controlling cookies through browser settings does not delete non-cookie tracking technologies such as Flash objects and HTMP5 Local Storage Objects (LSOs). To manage Flash cookie settings and preferences, you must use the settings manager on Adobe’s website or by
clicking here.
If you choose to delete Flash objects from our Service, then you may not be able to access and use all or part of the Service or benefit from the information and services offered.
We and our third party partners may collect information through tracking technologies for personalized advertising purposes. See
“About Our Ads”
to learn more.
D. Information From Third-Party Sources.
We may receive personal information about you from other users or our business partners and service providers
        and combine this information with other information we have.
AFFILIATES.
We may receive information about you collected
            by other Carnival Corporation companies, businesses, brands and affiliated entities in our family of
            companies,
            so that information you provide to one brand may be used by us to better provide you Services and
            communicate
            with you.
SINGLE SIGN-ON.
We use single sign-on to allow a user to
            enter login information from a third-party platform to access the Services. If you create or log into your
            account through a third-party social media site, such as Facebook or Google, these services will
            authenticate
            your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us, which could include
            your
            personal identifiers. We may use this information to authenticate your account, to provide you Services, to
            communicate with you, and for advertising and marketing purposes. The data we receive is dependent on the
            third-party’s policies and your privacy settings on that third-party site. To learn more about the use of
            data
            collection technologies by social media sites, please visit each site’s privacy policy.
SERVICE PROVIDERS & PARTNERS.
From time to time, we may receive personal information about you from our service providers and other partners, including from our marketing partners or from third-parties conducting identity or address verification, payment processing, credit checks,  processing lines of credit, or from our excursion partners or other partners providing activities or co-branded services. We use this information to validate your identity, age and address, to comply with our legal obligations, to monitor activity to identify and provide you with promotions and offers onboard and for future travel, and to prevent fraud, protect our rights and the rights of others, to inform our marketing and advertising activities, calculate loyalty points and administer our loyalty program, and to help provide our Services.
OTHER TRAVELERS.
We may obtain information about you from other travelers who are
            traveling
            with you or who have traveled with you, as well as your emergency contacts. We use this information to book
            your travel itinerary, communicate with you and those traveling with you about the Services, to support
            public health initiatives, to administer the Services, and for the purpose for which it was provided to us.
TRAVEL AGENTS.
If you purchase travel through a travel
            agent, the agent may send us your personal identifiers, commercial information and information about health
            or
            medical conditions. We will use this information to complete the transaction, book your travel itinerary,
            communicate with you and those traveling with you about the Services, analyze trends, improve our business,
            and
            facilitate your vacation experience. They may retain a copy of this data and are required to have
            appropriate
            admin, technical and other safeguards. The travel agent is solely responsible for the processing of personal
            data they retain. Please review privacy notice of each applicable travel agent for more information about
            their processing practices.
PUBLICLY AVAILABLE INFORMATION.
We may also collect
            information about you that is publicly available. For example, we may collect information you publicly post
            or
            tag us in on social media sites, such as Facebook or Google, elsewhere online, and information contained in
            public records databases. We will use this information to conduct market research, verify your identity,
            prevent
            fraud, and improve our Services.
In addition to the uses described above, we may collect and use personal information for the following purposes:
To create, maintain, improve, and operate the Services.
To personalize your user experience.
To communicate with you to provide technical or administrative support.
To conduct, manage, and grow our organization.
To analyze, research, investigate and improve the use of our Services and
            interactions with our guests.
To prevent, investigate, and defend against fraud, unlawful or criminal
            activity, unauthorized access to or use of personal information and our data system services, and to comply
            with
            legal requirements, obligations and other governmental demands.
To investigate and resolve disputes and security issues and to enforce our
Terms of
                Service
and any other contracts you have entered into with us.
For any other lawful, legitimate business purpose.
Back to top
HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
We may share your personal information in the instances described below. For further information on your choices
        regarding your information, see the “
Choices About Your
            Information
” section below.
We may share your personal information in the following ways:
AFFILIATES.
We may share personal information with our other Carnival Corporation
            companies, businesses, brands and affiliated entities in our family of companies, who may use your personal
            information in the manner described in this Privacy Notice. Please visit
our website
to learn more about the
            different brands in the Carnival Corporation family of companies, including how to contact each with privacy
            related inquiries.
SERVICE PROVIDERS.
We share information with third party vendors and service providers that
            perform services for or on our behalf, which may include identifying and serving targeted advertisements,
            providing mailing or email services, tax and accounting services, product fulfillment, payments processing,
            photo sharing, data processing and enhancement services, medical and health purposes, fraud prevention, web
            hosting, analytic services, or other online functionality, subject to appropriate contractual terms
            protecting the confidentiality and use of such data.
PROMOTIONAL PARTNERS.
We may share limited personal
            information with third parties with whom we partner to provide promotions, excursions, activities, contests,
            and
            sweepstakes, or other promotional activities. The partner will usually be identified by name in our
            promotion,
            contest, or sweepstakes communication.
WITH TRAVEL AND EXCURSION PARTNERS.
Some onboard products
            and services, excursions and other activities are provided by other companies or you may book a travel
            through
            multiple operators, such as a travel agent or airline. We may share personal identifers and similar
            information
            before, during and after your cruise to facilitate your travel activities, provide your requested services,
            and
            provide a seamless service to our guests.
AT YOUR REQUEST.
With your consent or at your direction, we may share your information
            with. your friends and family through the Services or on various social media networks, or with third
            parties to whom you direct us to share information, such as excursion partners, medical providers or your
            travel agent. If you post a product review on our website or a comment on our social media sites, the
            information you provide may be displayed on publicly online for others to view.
SELECT MARKETING AND STRATEGIC BUSINESS PARTNERS:
We may share limited data with our marketing and strategic business partners, who may use this information for their own business and commercial purposes in accordance with their own privacy policies. For example, these partners may send you emails to provide you with information and marketing messages about products or services that may interest you. You may be given the option to opt-in or opt-out of such sharing, consistent with the laws of the applicable jurisdiction.
CORPORATE TRANSACTIONS:
Personal information may be
            disclosed to third parties in connection with a corporate transaction, such as a merger, sale of any or all
            of
            our assets or shares, reorganization, financing, change of control or acquisition of all or a portion of our
            business by an affiliate or third party, or in the event of a bankruptcy or related or similar proceedings;
            and
FOR HEALTH AND SAFETY REASONS:
Your health and safety is important to us. We may share
            personal information with third parties or individuals if we reasonably believe in good faith that such
            action is necessary to protect the personal safety or health of our guests, crew, family members or other
            individuals. For example, we may disclose your personal identifiers and medical information if you require
            medical assistance or if we believe that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to inform health care and
            we may disclose similar information to your family members and emergency contacts, insurance providers,
            medical providers and family assistance companies in the event of health or safety incident. We may also
            disclose personal identifiers and health or medical information to our personnel and contractors, port
            agents and authorities, government officials, health agencies or any other individual or institution as
            reasonably needed to support public health initiatives, comply with our legal or regulatory obligations,
            attend to your medical and safety needs, facilitate investigations and remedies, track and mitigate risks of
            communicable illness including COVID-19, and to protect the rights, health and safety of our guests, crew,
            and others.
LAW ENFORCEMENT, GOVERNMENT AUTHORITIES, REGULATORS AND FOR SAFETY OR
                LEGAL REASONS:
We may share personal information with third-parties as required by law or
            subpoena
            or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to (a) comply with the our legal obligations under
            the
            laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate; (b) to comply with the lawful or reasonable requests of law
            enforcement, government authorities, courts or to respond to legal process; (c) to enforce our Terms of Use
            or
            to protect the security or integrity of our Service; and/or (d) to exercise or protect the rights, property,
            or
            personal safety or health of us, our guests, online visitors, or any other third-party. For example, and we
            may
            be required to disclose your personal identifiers, customer records and other information to customs
            agencies or
            port authorities in the locations where we stop in port.
We may also share information with others in an aggregated or otherwise anonymized form that does not reasonably
        identify you.
All the above categories exclude text messaging originator opt-in data and consent, which will not be shared with any third parties, except as follows: (1) sharing with vendors, consultants, and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work on our behalf, and who will not use such information for their own purposes; (2) if we believe disclosure is required by any applicable law, rule, or regulation, or is necessary to comply with law enforcement or other legal process; (3) if you consent to our sharing of such information; or (4) sharing that is otherwise allowed by law and is in accordance with carrier terms and conditions.
Back to top
CHOICES
        ABOUT YOUR INFORMATION
PROFILE ACCESS & SHARING SETTINGS.
You may access and update your profile information,
            such
            as
            your user name, address, or billing information, and may change some of your data sharing preferences on
            your
            account page.
GEOLOCATION & DEVICE CONTENT.
You may control location tracking by adjusting your
            location
            services options on the “Settings” app on your mobile device. We may continue to approximate your location
            based
            on your IP address when you access the Services through a computer or device. If you would like to update
            your
            device content access permissions, such as permissions to access your camera or address book, you can do so
            in
            the "Settings" app on your mobile device.
MEDALLIONCLASS™.
To avoid the collection of your position and movement data collected, do
            not use the
            Medallion®. You may contact the staff on board the ship to request a card to access your guest room and pay
            for on board transactions in lieu of the Medallion®. The sensors will still be able to detect your on board
            position when you use the card to access your room, make a payment, or take a photo, but the card cannot be
            read by the long-range sensors to track movement data around the ship. Some features of the MedallionClass™
            Services will not be available to you if you do not use the Medallion®.
PROMOTIONAL MESSAGES.
You can stop receiving promotional email communications from us by
            following the “unsubscribe” instructions provided in such communications. We make every effort to promptly
            process all unsubscribe requests. You may still receive Service-related communications, including account
            verification, transactional communications, changes/updates to features of the Services, and technical and
            security notices.
ACCESSING, CORRECTING OR DELETING YOUR INFORMATION.
In accordance with the applicable
            jurisdictional laws,
            you may have the right to request to access, correct, or delete your personal information, or remove your
            name or comments from our website or publicly displayed content. We may not be able to modify or delete your
            information in all circumstances.
To access, modify or delete your personal information, please submit a request by:
Emailing
dpo@carnival.com
with sufficient information to
                        identify you and your request,
Filling out our
Request Form
, or
Calling
1-855-845-2599
We will need to verify your identity before processing your request,
                        which may require us to
                        request additional personal information from you or require you to log into your account.
In certain circumstances, we may decline a request to exercise the
                        requests described above,
                        particularly where we are unable to verify your identity. If we are unable to comply with all or
                        a portion of your request, we will explain the reasons for declining to comply with the request.
REQUESTS FOR MINOR CHILDREN.
If you wish to submit a request to access, modify or
                    delete information on behalf of your minor child in accordance with applicable jurisdictional laws,
                    you must provide sufficient information to allow us to reasonably verify your child is the person
                    about whom we collected personal information and you are authorized to submit the request on your
                    child’s behalf (i.e., that you are the child’s legal guardian or authorized representative).
ABOUT OUR ADS.
We participate in interest-based advertising and use
            third party advertising companies to serve you targeted advertisements based on your browsing history. To
            learn
            more about our advertising practices and your choices relating to advertising, please see the
About Our Ads
section for more information.
Back to top
COVID-19 NOTICE
In response to the global coronavirus pandemic and to protect against the risks of other communicable illness,
        all guests may be required to undergo health screenings and we will collect additional information recommended
        by public health authorities or other government agencies or to otherwise demonstrate our guests’ ongoing health
        and fitness to travel, including:
CONTACT INFORMATION.
Information such as name, nationality, country of residence,
            originating address, destination address, telephone, and email;
SYMPTOMS AND HEALTH INFORMATION.
Information regarding the presence or absence of possible
            COVID-19 or other global pandemic symptoms, which may be collected through temperature scans, tissue
            sampling, medical examinations, surveys or questionnaires, as well as information about pre-existing medical
            conditions;
EXPOSURE.
Information regarding potential exposure to or infection with COVID-19 or other
            global pandemic, which may include recent travel history, contacts with guests, crew or other individuals.;
CONTACT TRACING VIA WEARABLE DEVICE TECHNOLOGY AND OCEANORBIT™ CONTACT TRACING SYSTEM.
Information about on-board contacts with crew, guests or other individuals collected via wearable technology
            such as the Medallion® on MedallionClass™ ships and properties and/or the OceanOrbit™ Contract Tracing
            system. These devices collect data, such as personal contact, time stamp, duration of contact and frequency
            of contact with others.
AS REQUIRED BY LAW.
Information collected by our on-board crew or reservations staff
            pursuant to directives by public health organizations or other government agencies.
We collect and use this information because:
we must comply with certain regulatory requirements regarding public health, including to determine your
            fitness to travel consistent with applicable government regulations and guidelines;
we have a legitimate business interest in ensuring the health and safety of our passengers, crew and the
            public;
we have a legitimate business interest in complying with legal and regulatory requirements applicable in the
            various jurisdictions in which we operate;
we need to use this information to perform our contract with you to provide our vacation experiences.
Contact Tracing through OceanOrbit™ Contract Tracing System.
To help mitigate and manage the
        potential spread of
        COVID-19 or other global pandemic illnesses, we use wearable device technology to identify individuals who may
        have been exposed to COVID-19 and to rapidly detect potential secondary cases that may arise after transmission
        from an infected individual. The OceanOrbit™ device is a wearable portable electronic device that collects data
        as guests and crew interact with one another in public and in private areas by broadcasting and recording the
        presence and proximity of other OceanOrbit™ devices. The OceanOrbit™ system collects time stamps, duration of
        contact and frequency of contacts. The raw data is associated with the device ID number but will be correlated
        with guest or crew personal information in the event that contract tracing is called for. On MedallionClass™
        ships, we may use on board contact data collected in connection with the Medallion®, rather than the OceanOrbit™
        system, which will be linked to your personal information in the same manner as all other OCEAN® data. As part
        of our contract tracing efforts, we take reasonable precautions to respect our Guests’ privacy and
        confidentiality by communicating contact exposure information in a manner that is not personally identifiable.
        However, information about you may be disclosed in a manner that could allow the recipient to determine your
        identity. For example, if we determine that it is necessary to disclose to a guest that she was in contact with
        an individual who tested positive for COVID-19 for a period of 1-2 hours on a particular date, that guest may be
        able to ascertain the likely identity of the unnamed individual based on her personal experience.
We may disclose your personal information, contacts and health information with third parties or individuals to
        attend to your medical and safety needs and those of our guests and crew; to comply with legal and regulatory
        requirements; to facilitate public health response initiatives; to conduct contract tracing of individuals who
        are exposed to or test positive for COVID-19 or other communicable illness while staying with us; or if we
        reasonably believe that such disclosure is necessary to inform your health care or to protect the personal
        safety or health of our guests, crew, or other individuals. For example, we may disclose personal identifiers
        and health or medical information to our personnel and contractors, port agents and authorities, government
        officials, health agencies or any other individual or institution as reasonably needed to support public health
        initiatives, comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, attend to your medical and safety needs,
        facilitate investigations and remedies, track and mitigate risks of communicable illness including COVID-19, and
        to protect the rights, health and safety of our guests, crew, and others.
Back to top
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Though Carnival Cruise Line provides fun for families of all ages, most of our online Services are not intended
        to be used by children, nor do we have actual knowledge that children are using these online Services. When we
        intend to collect personal information from children online, we take additional steps to protect their privacy,
        including:
notifying and obtaining consent from parents and legal guardians, in accordance with applicable law,
limiting our collection of personal information from children to no more than is reasonably necessary to
            participate in the online activity, and
giving parents and legal guardians the ability of access personal information that we have collected from
            their children and to request the personal information be deleted or modified.
If you believe that we might have inadvertently collected information from a child without appropriate parental
        consent, please contact us at
dpo@carnival.com
so
        that we may delete the information as soon as possible.
Where we collect personal information about children (for instance, information provided by a parent or legal
        guardian, travel agent or other travel partner), we process such information in a manner consistent with
        applicable laws protecting the privacy of children’s data.
Back to top
REGION-SPECIFIC
        DISCLOSURES
A. U.S. State Privacy Rights
This section applies to you if you are a resident of the state of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, or Virginia, and provides additional information about our personal information processing practices relating to individual residents of these states.
Collection and Use of Personal Information.
In the last 12 months, we have collected all of the
        categories of personal information described in our Privacy Notice. To learn more about the types of personal
        information we collect, the sources from which we collect it, and the purposes for which we use this
        information, please refer to
How We Collect and
            Use Your Information
of the Privacy Notice.
Sensitive Information.
Some of the categories of personal information described in our Privacy Notice may be classified as “sensitive” under certain U.S. state privacy laws (“sensitive information”), including social security number, driver’s license number, and passport number; payment card number plus expiration date and security code (CVV), and financial account number and routing number; information concerning your health; biometric information for the purposes of uniquely identifying guests; your username and password; personal information collected from a child; and precise geolocation data. We use this sensitive information for the purposes set forth in the
How We Collect and
        Use Your Information
of our Privacy Notice to the extent necessary for the operation of our Services, to enter into and perform a contract with you, to comply with legal and regulatory requirements, to protect the life or physical safety of anyone or as otherwise permissible for our own internal purposes consistent with law.
Deidentified Information. .
We may at times receive, or process personal information to create, deidentified data that can no longer reasonably be used to infer information about, or otherwise be linked to, a particular individual or household. Where we maintain deidentified data, we will maintain and use the data in deidentified form and not attempt to reidentify the data except as required or permitted by law.
Disclosure of Personal Information.
We share personal information with third parties for
        business purposes or we may sell your personal information to third parties, subject to your right to opt out of
        those sales. The categories of third parties to whom we sell or disclose your personal information for a
        business purpose include: (i) other brands and affiliates in our family of companies; (ii) our service
        providers; (iii) marketing and strategic partners; (iv) promotional partners; (v) ad networks and advertising
        partners; (vi) analytics providers; (vii) social networks; and (viii) government authorities. To learn more
        about how we disclose data to third
        parties, please refer to
How We Share Your
            Information
of the Privacy Notice.
Unless you have exercised your Right to Opt Out of personal information sales, we may sell personal information
        to third parties for monetary or other valuable consideration. The third parties to whom we sell personal
        information may use such information for their own purposes in accordance with their own privacy statements,
        which may include reselling this information to additional third parties.
In the previous 12 months, we have disclosed the all of the categories of personal information we collect to
        third parties for a business purpose.
In the previous 12 months, we have sold the following categories of personal information to third parties: (i)
        Personal Identifiers; (ii) Commercial Information; (iii) Preferences; (iv) Internet, network and device
        information.
We do not sell sensitive information, and we do not process or otherwise share sensitive information for the purpose of targeted advertising. However, depending on your state of residency and subject to certain legal limitations and exceptions, you may be able to limit, or withdraw your consent for, our processing of sensitive information (as described in the Your Rights and Choices section below), except for where the processing of your sensitive information is necessary to provide you the services or otherwise required by law.
Your Rights and Choices.
Depending on your state of residence, and subject to certain legal limitations and exceptions, you may be able to exercise the following rights:
The Right to Know
whether we are processing any personal information about you and, under California law only, to obtain certain personalized details about the personal information we have collected about you, including: the categories or specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you; the categories of sources of the personal information; the categories of personal information that we have sold or disclosed to third parties for a business purpose, and the categories of recipients to whom personal information was shared, sold or disclosed; and the business or commercial purposes for collecting or selling the personal information.
The Right to Access
to the personal information we have collected about you and, where required by law, the right to obtain a copy of the personal information in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows you to transmit the data to another entity without hindrance.
The Right to Correct
inaccuracies in your personal information, taking into account the nature of the personal information and the purposes of the processing of the personal information.
The Right to Request Deletion
of personal information we
            have collected from you, subject to certain exceptions.
The Right to Limit Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Information
and exercise control over our collection and processing of certain sensitive information.
The Right to Opt Out of Personal Information Sales
to third parties now or in the future.
The Right to Opt Out of Sharing Personal Information for Targeted Advertising
based on your activity across businesses, distinctly-branded websites, applications, or services.
You also have the right to be free of retaliatory or  discriminatory treatment for exercising these rights. However, please note that if the exercise of these rights limits our ability to process personal information (such as in the case of a deletion request), we may no longer be able to provide you our products and services or engage with you in the
        same manner.
How to Exercise your Rights.
You may submit a request to exercise your privacy rights through one of the mechanisms described below. We will need to verify your identity
        and confirm your state of residence before processing your request, which may require us to request additional personal information from you or require you to log into your account, if you have one. These rights may not be available to all U.S. residents. We will process your request in accordance with applicable state law. In certain circumstances, we may decline or limit your request, particularly where we are unable to verify your identity or locate your information in our systems, or as permitted by law.
Please note that we can only process privacy rights requests for personal information processed by Carnival
        Cruise Line. If you have interacted with another brand in our family of companies or any other third party, you
        will have to contact that brand or third party to exercise your California Consumer Requests.
To access, modify or delete your personal information, please submit a request by:
Emailing
dpo@carnival.com
with sufficient information to identify you
            and your request,
Filling out our
Request Form
, or
Calling
1-855-845-2599
To submit a request to opt-out of personal information sales, please submit a request using our
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal
            Information form
to be added to our suppression list.
Additionally, as is common practice among companies that operate online, we permit third party advertising
        networks, social media companies and other third party businesses collect and disclose personal information
        (including preferences, rough geolocation, commercial information and internet, network and device information)
        directly from your browser or device through cookies or tracking technologies when you visit or interact with
        our websites, use our apps or otherwise engage with us. These third parties use this information for the
        purposes of serving targeted ads that are more relevant, for ad campaign measurement and analytics, and for fraud
        detection and reporting and may sell and share that information to other businesses for advertising and other purposes. By
        visiting
the privacy rights website
, you can opt out from sales of this
        type of personal information by businesses that participate in the opt-out tool. To make opt-out requests
        related to mobile apps on your device for businesses participating in the DAA’s CCPA App-based Opt-Out Tool, you
        can download the appropriate app at
YourAdChoices website
. To learn more about how third
        parties collect information through tracking technologies and what other choices you may have in relation to
        those activities, please see
About Our Ads
.
Minors.
We do not sell or, for the purposes of targeted advertising, share the personal information of consumers we know to be less than 16 years
        of age. If we wish to do so in the future, we will first seek affirmative authorization from either the minor
        who is between 13 and 16 years of age, or the parent or guardian of a minor less than 13 years of age.
If you are under the age of 18 and you want to remove your name or comments from our website or publicly
        displayed content, please contact us directly at
dpo@carnival.com
. We may
        not be able to modify or delete your information in all circumstances.
If you wish to submit a privacy request information on behalf of your minor child in accordance with applicable jurisdictional laws, you must provide sufficient information to allow us to reasonably verify your child is the person about whom we collected personal information and you are authorized to submit the request on your child’s behalf (i.e., that you are the child’s legal guardian or authorized representative).
Authorized Agents.
In certain circumstances, you may permit an authorized agent to submit
        requests on your behalf. The authorized agent must provide a letter signed by you confirming the agent has
        permission to submit a request on your behalf, or must provide sufficient evidence to show that the authorized
        agent has been lawfully vested with power of attorney.
For security purposes, we may need to verify your identity and confirm directly with you that you have provided
        the authorized agent permission to submit the request, and it may take additional time to fulfil agent-submitted
        requests. We may deny a request in the event we are not able to verify the authorized agent’s authority to act
        on your behalf. Please note that for privacy and security reasons, we will direct future communications to the
        data subject on whose behalf the request was made.
Notice of Financial Incentive.
Notice of Financial Incentive. We offer various financial
        incentives. For example, the financial incentives we may provide include:
Discounts, coupons and special offers via email when you sign up for our email list or create an account.
Rewards when you refer a friend who has never sailed or booked with us before.
Loyalty programs, where you earn rewards based upon your past travel or spend with us, or through co-branded credit cards such as
Carnival’s VIFP Club
.
When you sign up for our email list or create an account, you opt-in to participate in a financial incentive
        program. Participation in any financial incentive program is entirely optional and participants may withdraw
        from the program at any time. To opt-out of the program and forgo any ongoing incentives, you may unsubscribe
        from our emails (for email-based incentives), close your account (for loyalty and reward program incentives) or
        submit a request to delete your information. The financial incentives we offer to consumers are reasonable
        related to the value of the consumer’s data to our business, based on our reasonable but sole determination. We
        estimate the value of consumers’ personal information by considering the expense incurred by the business
        related to the collection, storage and retention of consumers’ personal information in the context of the
        financial incentive program and the expenses related to the provision of the financial incentive. From time to
        time, we may provide additional terms that apply to a particular financial incentive, which will be presented to
        you at the time you sign up for the financial incentive.
The terms applicable to each program and other offering are provided at the time an eligible individual is offered an opportunity to participate. Interested individuals can opt-in to these financial incentives by following the instructions presented at the time the offer is made. Participating individuals may withdraw from our programs and other offerings at any time by following the instructions provided in connection with each offering or by contacting us with the information found in the Contact Us section below.
“Shine The Light” Law.
California's "Shine the Light" law (Civil Code Section §1798.83)
        provides certain rights to California residents that have an established business relationship with us with
        regard
        to the disclosure of certain types of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
        To
        opt-out of having your personal information disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes,
        please
        complete our
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal
            Information Form
and provide your contact information
        to be added to our suppression list.
California Consumer Rights Metrics 2021.
The following data reflects the California consumer rights requests that we have processed in the 2021 calendar year (January 2021 – December 2021):
2021 California Consumer
                            Rights Requests
#
The number of requests to know that the business received, complied with in whole or in part, and denied
12
The number of requests to delete that the business received, complied with in whole or in part, and denied
217
The number of requests to opt-out that the business received, complied with in whole or in part, and denied
678
The median or mean number of days within which the business substantively responded to requests to know, requests to delete, and requests to opt-out.
1
Back to top
B. NEVADA PRIVACY RIGHTS
Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes permits a Nevada resident to opt out of future sales of certain
        covered information that a website operator has collected or will collect about the resident. If you are a
        Nevada resident, you may submit a request to opt out of potential future sales under Nevada law by emailing us
        at
dpo@carnival.com
or completing the
Do Not Sell or Share My
            Personal Information Form
. Please include sufficient
        information for us to identify you in your email, such as information about previous voyages, or, if applicable,
        your account information. Please note we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity and the authenticity
        of the request.
Back to top
C. EUROPEAN PRIVACY RIGHTS
This section applies to you if you are a resident of a member state of the European Economic Area, the United
        Kingdom and Switzerland. The European Data Protection Regulation and corresponding law in the other European
        States not being member of the European Union requires us to to disclose certain information regarding the
        personal information we collect about you and your rights in respect of personal information that we hold.
Legal Basis for the Processing of Your Personal Information.
Our processing of your personal
        information as
        described in the Section
“How We Collect and
            Use Your Information”
is based on the following legal grounds:
Consent:
We may need your consent in connection with our promotional activities in
            particular, such as
            sending you promotional messages, if you decide to participate in sweepstakes, to deploy certain cookies
            when you use our online services and where you use certain Services where we collect location information or
            information about your health or medical conditions.
Where we need your consent, you have the right
            not to provide consent, or to withdraw it at any time. The withdrawal of your consent does not affect the
            lawfulness of our use of your personal information before your withdrawal. If you have granted us consent to
            use your personal information, we will use it only for the purposes specified in the consent declaration.
            Please note that to the extent our processing is based on your consent and you deny your consent or withdraw
            it, we may not be able to provide the Service relating thereto. Besides from that, neither the initial
            denial nor a withdrawal will have any negative consequences for you.
Perform or enter into a contract or quasi contractual relationship with you: We rely on this legal basis in
            particular in the following cases:
to manage your travel bookings and orders;
to provide you with our Services, e.g., process your on-board purchases of goods or Services,
to communicate with you to provide technical or administrative support, or
to be able to provide our online Services.
Compliance with legal obligations:
We may be obliged to process personal information to
            comply with our
            legal obligations, for example where we are required to retain data for tax law or commercial purposes or
            where we must comply with regulatory requirements regarding public health or gambling.
Legitimate interests:
We may base the processing of your personal information on our
            legitimate interests where (i) neither of the afore listed legal bases apply and (ii) where the processing
            of your personal information is necessary for our legitimate interests. Such cases may include the following
            in particular:
to conduct customer surveys in order to enhance and optimize your vacation experience;
to protect our rights and the rights of our guests;to prevent, investigate, and defend against
                    fraud, unlawful or criminal activity, unauthorized access to or use of personal information and our
                    data system services;
to investigate and resolve disputes and security issues;
to provide you with personalized Services;
to communicate with you and reply to your questions or comments submitted to us by any means; and
to pursue or defend against legal claims.
Where we process your personal information based on our legitimate interests, we will only do so where we
            have appropriately assessed and balanced our interests against your right to privacy.
Additional Information on How Your Personal Information Is Transferred Globally.
In case your
        personal
        information is transferred to jurisdictions located outside of the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom or
        Switzerland, for example, to the United States or any other country where we have operations, we will ensure
        that appropriate safeguards exist and are taken, such as:
the recipient of the personal information is located within a country that benefits from an “adequacy”
            decision of the European Commission;
the recipient has signed a contract based on the standard contractual clauses approved by the European
            Commission, obliging them to protect your personal information;
or in the absence of the above appropriate safeguards, we will ask you for your explicit consent for the
            cross-border transfer of your personal information or take any other measures that are recognized as
            providing a sufficient level of protection for your personal information.
Please be aware that the United States’ laws have not yet been acknowledged as providing for a data protection
        standard which is adequate to the ones within your jurisdiction.
For more information about the safeguards relating to personal information transfers you may contact our Data
        Protection Officer by sending an email to
dpo@carnival.com
.
Your Rights:
You are entitled to the following rights in respect of personal information that
        we hold:
RIGHT OF ACCESS
. The right to obtain access to your personal information.
RIGHT TO RECTIFICATION
: The right to obtain rectification of your personal information
            where that personal information is inaccurate or incomplete.
RIGHT TO ERASURE
. The right to obtain the erasure of your personal information in certain
            circumstances, such as where the personal information is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for
            which it was collected or processed.
RIGHT TO RESTRICTION
. The right to obtain the restriction of the processing undertaken by
            us on your personal information in certain circumstances, such as where the accuracy of the personal
            information is contested by you, for a period enabling us to verify the accuracy of that personal
            information.
RIGHT TO OBJECT
. YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO OBJECT TO ANY PROCESSING JUSTIFIED BY LEGITIMATE
            INTERESTS BASED ON GROUNDS RELATING TO YOUR PARTICULAR SITUATION AT ANY TIME. SHOULD YOU DECIDE TO OBJECT TO
            THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION, WE WILL STOP PROCESSING PERSONAL INFORMATION CONCERNING YOU,
            UNLESS WE CAN DEMONSTRATE COMPELLING REASONS FOR CONTINUING TO PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION THAT
            OVERRIDE YOUR INTERESTS, RIGHTS AND FREEDOMS OR IN THE CASE THAT WE ESTABLISH, EXERCISE, OR DEFEND OUR LEGAL
            CLAIMS. YOU CAN OBJECT TO DIRECT MARKETING ACTIVITIES AT ANY TIME FOR ANY REASON WHATSOEVER.
RIGHT TO DATA PORTABILITY
. You have the right to obtain a copy of your personal information
            in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and transmit such data to another provider or
            have such data transmitted to another provider under certain circumstances.
RIGHT TO WITHDRAW CONSENT
. If you have given us your consent to process your personal
            information but change your mind later, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. The
            withdrawal of your consent does not affect the lawfulness of our use of your personal information before
            your withdrawal. If you want to withdraw your consent with regard to receiving promotional communications,
            you can unsubscribe through the method described in each promotional message.
In some cases, our ability to uphold these rights for you may depend upon our obligations to process personal
        information for security, safety, fraud prevention reasons, compliance with regulatory or legal requirements, or
        because processing is necessary to deliver the services you have requested. Where this is the case, we will
        inform you of specific details in response to your request.
For further information on how to exercise those rights, you may contact our Data Protection Officer by sending
        an email to
dpo@carnival.com
or visiting the
GDPR Request Form Page
.
        You
        also have the right to lodge a
        complaint with the competent data protection supervisory authority. Information about how to contact your local
        data protection supervisory authority is available at the
European Data Protection Board website
.
Back to top
D. BRAZILIAN PRIVACY RIGHTS
This section applies to you if your personal information: (i) is processed in the Brazilian territory; or (ii)
        has been collected in the Brazilian territory. Also, this section applies to you if the purpose of the
        processing activity is the offer or supply of goods or services within the Brazilian territory.
Your Rights.
According to the Brazilian General Data Protection Law, Law No. 13.709/18
            (“
LGPD
”), you may be able to exercise the following rights, at any time upon request:
confirmation of the existence of processing;
access to the personal information;
correction of incomplete, inaccurate or outdated personal information;
anonymization, blocking or elimination of unnecessary or excessive data or of data processed in
                noncompliance with the provisions of the LGPD;
portability of your personal information to other service providers or suppliers of product, at the
                express request, and observing our business and industrial secrets;
elimination of the personal information processed with the consent, except in the events set forth on
                the topic “Termination of the processing” below;
information of the public and private entities with which the controller carried out the shared use of
                personal information;
information on the possibility of not providing consent and on the consequences of the denial;
revocation of the consent.
Termination of the Processing
. Your personal information shall be eliminated after termination
        of the processing thereof, within the scope and technical limits of the activities, and conservation thereof
        shall be authorized for the following purposes:
compliance with a statutory or regulatory obligation by Carnival Cruise Line;
transfer to third parties in accordance with the data processing requirements set forth in the LGPD; or
exclusive use of the personal information by Carnival Cruise Line, providing the personal information are
         anonymized and that the access thereto by third parties will be prohibited by Carnival Cruise Line.
Back to top
E. CHINESE PRIVACY RIGHTS
This section applies to you if: (i) your personal information is processed within the territory of the People’s
        Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan, the “
PRC
”), or (ii) you are within
        the territory of China and your personal information is processed outside of China for the purposes of providing
        goods or services to you, or analyzing or evaluating your behaviors. PRC law requires us to disclose certain
        information set forth below.
Processing of Sensitive Personal Information.
Under the PRC law, sensitive personal information
        includes information regarding such as biometrics, religious beliefs, race, ethnicity, medical health, financial
        accounts, and location tracking, as well as the personal information of minors under the age of 14
        (“
Minor(s)
”). For example, we may process your sensitive personal information in an incident,
        for health screenings, or for security purposes. We may process certain of your sensitive personal information
        only when we have your consent or another legal basis to do so. Where your consent is the legal basis for
        processing your sensitive personal information (such as related to our MedallionClass™ Services), we will seek
        your prior consent separately. For more information on our processing of your sensitive personal information,
        please refer to the
How We Collect and
            Use Your Information
section of the Privacy Notice.
Before processing a Minor’s personal information, we will seek consent from their parent or other legal
        guardian.
Legal Basis for the Processing of Your Personal Information.
.Our processing of your personal
        information as described in the Section
“How We Collect and
            Use Your Information”
is based on the following legal grounds:
Consent:
We may need your consent in connection with our promotional activities in particular, such as sending you
            promotional messages, if you decide to participate in sweepstakes, to deploy certain cookies when you use
            our online services and where you use certain Services where we collect location information or information
            about your health or medical conditions.
We may need your consent in connection with our promotional activities in particular, such as sending you
            promotional messages, if you decide to participate in sweepstakes, to deploy certain cookies when you use
            our online services and where you use certain Services where we collect location information or information
            about your health or medical conditions.
Enter into or perform a contract with you:
We rely on this legal basis in particular in the
            following cases:
to manage your travel bookings and orders;
to provide you with our Services, e.g., process your on-board purchases of goods or Services
to communicate with you to provide technical or administrative support, or
to be able to provide our online Services.
Carry out legal responsibilities or legal obligations:
We may be obliged to process
            personal information to carry out our legal responsibilities or legal obligations, for example where we are
            required to retain data for tax law or commercial purposes or where we must comply with regulatory
            requirements regarding public health or gambling.
Respond to an emergency:
We may collect and process your personal information in order to
            respond to a public health emergency or to protect a natural person’s life, health and property safety in an
            emergency.
Reasonably process legitimately published personal information:
We may reasonably process
            your personal information that has been published by you or otherwise has been published legitimately.
Your Rights:
You are entitled to the following rights in respect of your personal information
        that we hold:
RIGHT TO KNOW AND DECIDE.
You have the right to know and to decide about processing of your personal information unless the law
            provides otherwise. For example, we may be obligated by law to keep certain information confidential or may
            be exempted from notification under certain circumstances. You also have the right to request us to explain
            our rules on processing your personal information.
RIGHT TO RESTRICT OR OBJECT.
You have the right to restrict or object to any processing of your personal information unless the law
            provides otherwise. For example, you may not be able to restrict or object to processing that is made on a
            legal basis other than your consent.
RIGHT TO ACCESS AND REPRODUCE.
You have the right to access your personal information or to obtain a copy of your personal information
            unless we are obligated by law to keep certain information confidential.
RIGHT TO TRANSFER.
You have the right to transfer your personal information to another processor appointed by you, provided
            that the transfer meets the requirements set forth by the Cyberspace Administration of China.
RIGHT TO RECTIFY AND SUPPLEMENT.
You have the right to have your personal information rectified or supplemented where that personal
            information is inaccurate or incomplete.
RIGHT TO ERASE.
You have the right to request the erasure of your personal information. However, if we are obligated by law
            to retain your personal information for a longer period of time, or it is technically unfeasible to erase
            your personal information, we will retain your personal information with necessary security protection
            measures and will not otherwise process your personal information.
In some cases, our ability to uphold these rights for you may depend upon our obligations to process personal
        information for security, safety, fraud prevention reasons, compliance with regulatory or legal requirements, or
        because processing is necessary to deliver the services you have requested. Where this is the case, we will
        inform you of specific details in response to your request.
Please also note that after an individual passed away, their next of kin may be able to exercise the individual
        rights of the deceased in accordance with law.
For further information on how to exercise those rights, you may contact our Data Protection Officer by sending
        an email to
dpo@carnival.com
. You also have the right to lodge a complaint
        with a competent personal information protection authority.
Back to top
F. JAPAN PRIVACY RIGHTS
This section applies to you if you are a resident of Japan, in accordance with the Act of Protection of Personal
        Information (the “APPI”) of Japan.
Inquiries and Complaints.
We shall respond appropriately to requests permitted under the APPI
        including requests for inquiries and complaints regarding the handling of personal information. Please submit a
        request in the same way prescribed in
“ACCESSING, MODIFYING OR DELETING YOUR INFORMATION”
.
Back to top
HOW WE
        PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
We care about the security of your information and employ physical, administrative, and technological safeguards
        designed to preserve the integrity and security of all information collected through our Service. However, no
        security system is impenetrable and we cannot guarantee the security of our systems 100%.
In the event that any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, we will
        take steps to investigate the situation and, where appropriate, notify those individuals whose information may
        have been compromised and take other steps in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
While we take steps to protect your personal information and keep it secure, you also play a role in protecting
        your information. You can help to maintain the security of your online and mobile transactions by not sharing
        your reservation number, username, or password with anyone.
DATA RETENTION.
We will only store your personal information for as long as necessary to achieve the purpose of collection as set out in this Privacy Notice in accordance with our data retention policies, unless a longer retention period is required by applicable law. If we are required by applicable law to store your personal information beyond this period (e.g., for tax and commercial law reasons), we will delete the personal information after the end of this storage period.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use and disclosure of your personal information, the purposes for which we process the personal information, and the applicable legal requirements. After the expiry of the aforementioned retention periods, we will delete or anonymize your personal information.
If, after you sign up for our promotional emails, you unsubscribe from receiving our promotional emails, we will delete your personal information from our mailing lists. However, we might store your email address in a blacklist to ensure that you will not receive any further communication.
Back to top
TSA
        SECURE FLIGHT NOTICE
The Transportation Security Administration (TSA) requires you to provide your full name, date of birth and
        gender for the purpose of watch list screening under the authority of 49 U.S.C. section 114, the Intelligence
        Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 and 49 C.F.R. parts 1540 and 1560 for all commercial air travel
        within, into or out of the United States which is booked on or after August 15, 2009. You may also provide your
        Redress Number, if available.
If you book commercial air travel within, into or out of the United States in conjunction with your voyage we
        will request this information from you and forward it to the TSA as required by law. Failure to provide your
        full name, date of birth, and gender may result in denial of transport or denial of authority to enter the
        boarding area.
TSA may share information you provide with law enforcement or intelligence agencies or others under its
        published system of records notice. For more on TSA privacy policies or to review the system of records notice
        and the privacy impact assessment, please see the
TSA Website
.
Back to top
LINKS
        TO THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
The Services may contain links to and from third party websites of our business partners, advertisers, and
        social media sites and our users may post links to third party websites. If you follow a link to any of these
        websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any
        responsibility or liability for their policies. We strongly recommend that you read their privacy policies and
        terms and conditions of use to understand how they collect, use, and share information. We are not responsible
        for the privacy practices or the content on the websites of third party sites.
Back to top
CHANGES TO
        OUR PRIVACY NOTICE
We may modify or update this Privacy Notice from time to time to reflect the changes in our business and
        practices, and you should review this page periodically. We will update the “Last Updated” date at the top of
        this page when we post changes to this Notice. If you object to any changes, you may close your account.
        Continuing to use our Services after we publish changes to this Privacy Notice means that you are consenting to
        the changes.
Back to top
COMMENTS?
        QUESTIONS? CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice or the website, please Contact Customer Service Calling
1-855-845-2599
.
Data Protection Officer:
dpo@carnival.com
450 Third Ave. W., Seattle WA 98119-4002, ATTN DPO
ABOUT OUR ADS
Effective Date: February 1, 2023
We Use Tracking Technologies
When you visit our Sites and access or use our Services, read our emails, or otherwise engage with us through a
        computer or mobile device, we and our third-party partners, automatically collect information about how you
        access and use the Services and information about the device you use to access the Services.
This information allows us to improve your customer experience. For example, we and our third-party partners use
        tracking technologies:
To recognize new or current guests and Site visitors.
To store your password if you are registered on our Sites.
To improve our Services.
To serve you with interest-based or targeted advertising (see below for more on interest-based advertising).
To observe your behaviors and browsing activities over time across multiple websites or other platforms.
To better understand the interests of our customers and Site visitors.
Third party data collection and interest-based advertising
We participate in interest-based advertising and use third party advertising companies to serve you targeted
        advertisements based on your browsing history. We permit third party online advertising networks, social media
        companies and other third-party services, to collect information about your use of our Sites, including our
        mobile apps, over time so that they may play or display ads on our Service, on other websites, apps or services
        you may use, and on other devices and advertising channels you may use. Typically, though not always, the information used for
        interest-based advertising is collected through tracking technologies, such as cookies, Flash objects, web
        beacons, embedded scripts, mobile SDKs, location-identifying technologies, and similar technology (collectively,
        “tracking technologies”), which recognize the device you are using and collect information, including click
        stream information, browser type, time and date you visited the site, device ID or AdID, precise geolocation and
        other information.
We, or our third-party partners, may link your various devices so that content you see on one device can result
        in relevant advertising on another device. For example, we may share a common account identifier (such as a hashed email
        address or user ID) or work with third party partners who use tracking technologies or statistical modeling
        tools to determine if two or more devices are linked to a single user or household. Our partners may use this information, and may combine this information with information they collect directly or receive from other partners, both online and offline, so that they may recognize you across different channels and platforms, including computers, mobile devices and smart TVs. We and our third-party partners use this information to make the advertisements and personalized content you see online more relevant to your interests, as well as to provide advertising-related services such as reporting, attribution, analytics and market research.
Social media widgets and advertising
Our Services may include social media features, such as the Facebook Like button, LinkedIn, Snapchat, Instagram,
        Twitter or other widgets. These social media companies may recognize you and collect information about your
        visit to our Service, and they may set a cookie or employ other tracking technologies. Your interactions with
        those features are governed by the privacy policies of those companies.
We display targeted advertising to you through social media platforms, such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram,
        LinkedIn, and other social media forums. These companies have interest-based advertising programs that allow us
        to direct advertisements to users who have shown interest in our Service while those users are on the social
        media platform, or to groups of other users who share similar traits, such as likely commercial interests and
        demographics. We may share a unique identifier, such as a user ID or hashed email address, with these platform
        providers or they may collect information from our Site visitors through a first-party pixel, to
        direct targeted advertising to you or to a custom audience on the social media platform. These advertisements
        are governed by the privacy policies of those social media companies that provide them. If you do not want to
        receive targeted ads on your social networks, you may be able to adjust your advertising preferences through
        your settings on those networks. You may learn more about advertising preferences by clicking on the links
        provided below. Please note that these links are provided for your convenience only and we do not control the
        content or features that may be available on these third-party services.
Facebook
. To learn more about your
            advertising preferences on Facebook Companies,
click here.
LinkedIn.
To learn more about
            advertising preferences on LinkedIn,
click here.
Pinterest.
To learn more about
            personalization and data,
click here.
Snapchat.
To learn more about
            advertising and interest preferences,
click here.
Twitter.
To learn more about privacy
            controls for personalized ads on Twitter,
click here.
Your Ad Choices
Controlling cookies, tracking technologies and Flash cookies.
Most browsers allow you to adjust
        your browser settings to: (i) notify you when you receive a cookie, which lets you choose whether or not to
        accept it; (ii) disable existing cookies; or (iii) set your browser to automatically reject cookies. You may set
        your e-mail options to prevent the automatic downloading of images that may contain technologies that would
        allow us to know whether you viewed or engaged with our emails.
Some websites have “do not track” features that allow you to tell a website not to track you. These features are
        not all uniform. We do not currently respond to those signals. Blocking or deleting cookies may negatively
        impact your experience using the Service, as some features and services on our Service may not work properly.
        Depending on your mobile device and operating system, you may not be able to delete or block all tracking
        technologies. For example, browser-based cookie controls may not affect online advertising that is not cookie-based.
Deleting cookies does not delete Local Storage Objects (LSOs) such as Flash objects and HTML5. You can learn more
        about Flash objects — including how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies — on
Adobe's Website.
If you choose to delete Flash
        objects from our sites, then you may not be able to access and use all or part of the sites or benefit from the
        information and services offered.
Interest-based advertising.
To learn about interest-based advertising and how you may be able to
        opt out of some interest-based advertising, you may wish to visit the
Network Advertising Initiative’s online
            resources
or the
DAA’s resources.
Residents of Canada may visit the
Your Ad Choices Website
Residents of the United Kingdom may visit the
Your Online Choices Website
Residents of the European Union may visit the
Your Online Choices Website
Please note that opting out of receiving interest-based advertising through the NAI’s and DAA’s online resources
        will only opt-out a user from receiving interest-based ads on that specific browser or device, but the user may
        still receive interest-based ads on his or her other devices. You must perform the opt-out on each browser or
        device you use. We may work with some tracking technology partners that do not participate in the DAA or NAI
        self-regulatory programs and these opt-outs will not have any effect on those partner activities.
Note that some of these opt-outs may not be effective unless your browser is set to accept cookies. If you delete
        cookies, change your browser settings, switch browsers or computers, or use another operating system, you may
        need to opt-out again.
Mobile advertising.
You may also be able to limit interest-based advertising through the
        settings on your mobile device by selecting “limit ad tracking” (iOS) or “opt out of interest-based ads”
        (Android). The Digital Advertising Alliance also offers a tool for opting out of the collection of cross-app
        data on a mobile device for interest-based advertising. To exercise choices for the companies participating in
        this tool,
download the AppChoices app.
You may be able to limit the use
        of location data for advertising purposes by adjusting your location services settings on your mobile device.
Third Party Partners
The following is a sample of the third-party service partners we work with to provide cross-device linking and/or
        interest-based advertising services. We will strive to update this list if or when we work with new partners
        that offer you choices about the collection of your information apart from the DAA and NAI opt-out programs
        linked above. As partners change and new technologies become available, this list is likely to change over time
        and may not always reflect our current partners.
Google Analytics and Advertising
. We use Google
            Analytics to recognize you and link the devices you use when you visit our site or Service on
            your browser or mobile device, log in to your account on our Service, or otherwise engage with
            us. We share a unique identifier, like a user ID or hashed email address, with Google to
            facilitate the service. Google Analytics allows us to better understand how our users interact
            with our Service and to tailor our advertisements and content to you. For information on how
            Google Analytics collects and processes data, as well as how you can control information sent to
            Google, review
Google's site 
                “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps” policy.
You can learn
            about Google Analytics’ currently available opt-outs, including the Google Analytics Browser
            Ad-On, by visiting
Google Website.
We may also utilize certain forms of display
            advertising and other advanced features through Google Analytics, such as Remarketing with
            Google Analytics, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, the DoubleClick Campaign Manager
            Integration, and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. These features enable us
            to use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such
            as the DoubleClick advertising cookie) or other third-party cookies together to inform,
            optimize, and display ads based on your past visits to the Service. You may control your
            advertising preferences or opt out of certain Google advertising products by visiting the
Google Ads Preferences Manager
or by visiting
NAI’s online resources.
We may use data matching services such as LiveRamp to
            help us measure advertising effectiveness and analytics and to create data for personalized
            advertising purposes. You can find out how to opt out of LiveRamp’s services by visiting
LiveRamp’s
                Website.
We may participate in the Adobe Experience Cloud and
            Adobe Experience Cloud Device Co-Op to better understand how you use our website and apps across
            the various devices you use, and to deliver tailored promotions. You can learn more about Adobe
            services and the Adobe Experience Cloud and how you can opt out of Adobe advertising solutions
            by visiting
Adobe’s Website.
AddThis (Part of Oracle Marketing & Data Cloud).
Bing Ads.
Drawbridge.
Flashtalking.
OpenX.
Rubicon Project.
The Trade Desk.
This is not a complete list
of all of the advertising partners we may work with. Please visit
        the
DAA’s resources
to learn more about online
        advertising and to exercise your opt-out choices across all participating third-party ad networks.
TICKET CONTRACT
IMPORTANT NOTICE TO GUESTS
THIS DOCUMENT IS A LEGALLY BINDING CONTRACT ISSUED BY CARNIVAL CRUISE LINE TO, AND ACCEPTED BY, GUEST SUBJECT TO THE IMPORTANT TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPEARING BELOW.
THE ATTENTION OF GUEST IS ESPECIALLY DIRECTED TO SECTIONS 1, 4, AND 12 THROUGH 15, WHICH CONTAIN IMPORTANT LIMITATIONS ON THE RIGHTS OF GUESTS TO ASSERT CLAIMS AGAINST CARNIVAL CRUISE LINE, THE VESSEL, THEIR AGENTS AND EMPLOYEES, AND OTHERS, INCLUDING FORUM SELECTION, CHOICE OF LAW, TIME LIMITATIONS FOR FILING SUIT, ARBITRATION, WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL FOR CERTAIN CLAIMS, AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER.
IMPORTANT TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF CONTRACT –
        READ CAREFULLY!
In consideration of the receipt of the total cruise price  and/or boarding and lodging on the vessel to which this Ticket Contract applies (the “Vessel”), Carnival Cruise Line (“Carnival”) and Guest agree that the booking of the cruise and the cruise are subject to the following terms and conditions:
1. DEFINITIONS AND SCOPE OF CONTRACT
(a) Whenever the word “Carnival” is used in this Contract it shall mean and include the Vessel, and all its owners, operators, employees, agents, charterers, and water shuttles. The term “Guest” shall include the plural where appropriate, and means all persons or entities booking or purchasing passage and/or traveling under this Contract, including heirs, representatives, and any accompanying minors. The masculine includes the feminine. “Guest” shall have the same meaning as “Passenger” in this Contract.
(b) “Cruise Fare” or “Fare” means the amount paid for the cruise which includes full board, ordinary ship’s food during the voyage, but not charges or expenses for goods or services voluntarily or incidentally incurred by Guest, including, but not limited to, for spirits, wine, beer, soft drinks or mineral waters, shore excursions, salon and spa services, room service or dining in specialty restaurants, charges for any medical services received onboard, or Service Gratuities (as described below). “Required Cruise Fees and Expenses” means the amount of mandatory and third-party fees and expenses associated with the Cruise Fare for services on board and in port (which are subject to penalty). “Government Taxes and Fees” means taxes and government-imposed fees for the performance of the cruise and related purchases, such as port head taxes, value-added taxes, air and hotel taxes, and similar fees and taxes assessed on the transaction and associated with the Cruise Fare.  “Cruise Charges” means the Cruise Fare and Required Cruise Fees and Expenses, combined. The “Total Cruise Price” means the Cruise Fare, Required Cruise Fees & Expenses and Government Taxes and Fees, combined.
(c) The Total Cruise Price shall be deemed to be earned when paid and not refundable except as stated on Carnival’s website applicable to the voyage and as provided in Section 7 herein. For your convenience, a “Service Gratuity” will be automatically added to the onboard account for each guest, except for children under the age of 2, to recognize the efforts of a wide variety of crewmembers in various departments who contribute to the experiences of all our guests. Service Gratuities, which are subject to adjustment at your discretion, are pooled and distributed in the form of added wages, bonuses and/or crew benefits. A Service Charge will be automatically added to optional purchases for beverages, specialty dining and other voluntary purchases during the cruise.
(d) This ticket is valid only for the person(s) named hereon as Guests and cannot be transferred or modified without Carnival’s written consent. The acceptance or use of this ticket by the person(s) named hereon as Guests shall be deemed acceptance and agreement by each of them to all of the terms and conditions of this cruise Contract.
(e) All rights, exemptions from liability, defenses and immunities of Carnival under this contract shall also inure to the benefit of Carnival’s facilities, whether at sea or ashore, servants, agents, managers, affiliated or related companies, suppliers, shipbuilders and manufacturers of component parts and independent contractors, including, but not limited to, shore excursion or tour operators, ship’s physician, ship’s nurse, retail shop personnel, health and beauty staff, fitness staff, video diary staff, and other concessionaires, who shall have no liability to the Guest, either in contract or in tort, which is greater than or different from that of Carnival.
(f) Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, this contract constitutes the entire agreement between Carnival and Guest and supersedes all other agreements, oral or written. Any alteration to any term of this contract must be in writing and authorized by Carnival. In the event of a direct conflict between a provision of this contract and a provision of the Cruise Industry Passenger Bill of Rights (“PBOR”) in effect at the time of booking PBOR controls. Guests purchasing, spa services or shore excursions through Carnival are subject to the additional terms and conditions which are incorporated by reference. VIFP Members agree to the additional terms and conditions of VIFP membership which are incorporated by reference. Except as provided in Section 14 below, should any provision of this contract be contrary to or invalid by virtue of the law of the jurisdiction in which this contract is sought to be enforced or be so held by a court of competent jurisdiction, such provision(s) shall be deemed to be severed from the Contract and of no effect and all remaining provisions herein shall be in full force and effect and constitute the Contract of Carriage.
(g) Onboard charges and additional expenses charged to Guest’s Sail and Sign® account will be made in the functional currency of the Vessel, which may differ from the type of currency used to secure the booking.
2. TRAVEL DOCUMENTATION AND GUEST OBLIGATIONS
(a) Proper travel documentation and eligibility to travel is required at embarkation and throughout the cruise. In addition to immigration and customs requirements, the U.S. government and others place restrictions on the carriage of Guests whose names appear on government watch lists or who are deemed legally ineligible to travel. It is the Guest’s sole responsibility to ensure his/her legal eligibility to travel and to bring and have available at all times all required travel documents. Guests are advised to check with their travel agent and with the appropriate government authorities to determine the necessary documents and travel eligibility requirements for their particular cruise destinations, including the port of embarkation. Carnival assumes no responsibility for advising Guest of what travel documents are required for the requested itinerary and it is recommended that Guest travel with a valid government issued passport at all times. Carnival may cancel the booking of any Guest who is or becomes ineligible to travel for any reason, or who is traveling without proper documentation. Any such Guest, or any Guest who fails to board the ship at embarkation, shall be ineligible to board the ship thereafter without Carnival’s consent, and shall not attempt to do so at the same or another port. Under these circumstances the Guest shall not be entitled to a refund or compensation of any kind. Guest is responsible for all related costs and fines, including without limitation travel expenses and for proper travel documentation for any port, or for departure from or arrival to their final destination. Under no circumstances shall Carnival be liable for any costs, damages or expenses whatsoever incurred by any Guest as a result of such failure, cancellation or denial of boarding.
(b) Guest acknowledges receipt of Carnival’s applicable website and travel information and agrees to abide by the terms and conditions of not just this Contract, but also the information contained on Carnival’s  website, including but not limited to the information contained in the “Frequently Asked Questions” and “Embarkation Information” sections.
(c) Guest acknowledges that, for a voyage commencing in a United States port for a round-trip voyage via one or more United States ports, Guest must complete the voyage and disembark at the embarkation port. Failure to do so may result in a fine or penalty being imposed by the United States Customs Service or other governmental agency. In consideration for the Cruise Fare paid, Guest agrees to pay any such fine or penalty imposed because of Guest’s failure to complete the voyage.
(d) Carnival shall refuse boarding to any Guest under the age of twenty-one (21) unless: (1) the Guest is traveling in the same stateroom with an individual twenty-five years or older; (2) traveling in the same stateroom with their spouse; or (3) traveling with a parent or guardian in an accompanying stateroom; or (4) is a qualified member of the U.S. military. Adult Guests agree to be responsible at all times for the safety and behavior of their minor Guests who are traveling with them and Guests agree to properly supervise and monitor all minors traveling with them and to prevent such minors from engaging in hazardous horseplay or any other dangerous behavior. Proof of age and/or proof of marriage are required. Carnival shall not be liable to make any refunds or for any damages with respect to any Guest’s failure to provide proper proof of age or marriage or otherwise comply with this provision.
(e) Guests must attend the mandatory safety briefing once onboard at the commencement of the cruise and any subsequent briefing ordered by the ship’s officer during the cruise. Guests shall comply with all onboard health, environmental and safety policies and procedures (including but not limited to those specified in Sections 5 and 6 below and on
Carnival’s website
(opens a new window)
), and shall familiarize themselves with the nature and character of the ship, as well as, all emergency exits, to assist with safe evacuation in the event of an emergency.
(f) Guests must comply with all pre-embarkation, onboard and shore excursion rules and policies including, but not limited to, all environmental and public health policies and procedures, and shall familiarize themselves with the nature and character of the ship, onboard waste /recycling receptacle stations, and Guest agrees to comply with all such policies and procedures, as well as environmental laws and regulations.
(g) Carnival may deny boarding to any persons with  certain enumerated crimes on their record, which include but are not limited to aggravated assault (including aggravated domestic violence), murder, robbery, sexual assault, and other sexual offenses. Carnival reserves the right to access public records containing information about any criminal convictions and/or crimes to which Guest has pleaded guilty as part of its Guest screening process, including obtaining a consumer background report showing such criminal pleas and convictions from a credit reporting agency and to deny embarkation at any time to any person who has been convicted of any of or pleaded guilty to any of the crimes enumerated above. Carnival may also deny boarding to any persons who have violated Carnival’s Code of Conduct in the past or persons whom Carnival deems to be a concern for the safety or wellbeing of other guests or crew. Guest hereby consents to Carnival’s accessing public records concerning Guest and obtaining a consumer background report regarding Guest from a credit reporting agency regarding criminal conviction/s and conduct as part of its screening policy.  In the event a denial of boarding: 1) the reservation of the Guest who is denied boarding because of a criminal record, past violation of Carnival’s Code of Conduct, or because of a concern for the safety or wellbeing of other guests or crew, shall be deemed to have been cancelled by the Guest who is denied boarding on the date of the booking of such Guest’s reservation, and subject to the standard cancellation penalties in Section 7 below  and 2) the booking, reservation and ticket contract of any Guest travelling with any person denied boarding due to this screening policy (including, but not limited to, the booking, reservation or ticket contract of those in the same travel party as Guest, whether or not such person was to stay in the same cabin or another cabin with the individual denied boarding) shall be unaffected and cancellation by any of these other Guests will be subject to the standard cancellation penalties in Section 7 below.
(h), Guests must arrive on time at the port and at their designated arrival appointment time. Except as otherwise expressly provided in Carnival’s Cancellation and Refund Policy, no refunds will be made in the event of “no shows”, unused tickets, lost tickets, partially used tickets, or cancellations received late or after the start of the cruise. Guest further acknowledges and agrees that they must debark the vessel as instructed by the crew and at their designated time slot for debarkation. Guests will not be permitted to delay the debarkation process or request late debarkation.
3. YOUR TRAVEL AGENT; CONTACT INFORMATION AND RELEASE
(a) Any travel agent, sales agent, or third party travel company utilized by the Guest in connection with the booking of the cruise, or this contract, is solely the agent of the Guest and not Carnival. Carnival is not responsible for the financial condition or integrity of any travel agent utilized by Guest. In the event that an agent shall fail to remit to Carnival any monies paid to the agent by Guest, Guest shall be and remain liable for  any fare or other amounts due to Carnival, regardless of whether liability is asserted before or after embarkation. Issuance and validity of ticket contract is conditional upon final payment being received by Carnival prior to sailing. Any refund made by Carnival to an agent on behalf of Guest shall be deemed payment to Guest, regardless of whether the monies are delivered by the agent to Guest. Receipt of this ticket contract, any other documentation or notification pertaining to the cruise by Guest’s travel agent shall constitute receipt by Guest.
(b) Guest agrees that any email address, telephone number, or mailing address provided to Carnival during the booking or per-cruise process by or on behalf of such Guest (“Provided Contact Information”) may be used by Carnival as the email address, telephone number, or mailing address for such Guest, whether or not the Provided Contact Information in fact includes Guest’s individual email address, telephone number, or mailing address.  Guest consents to and agrees that Carnival may use the Provided Contact Information to give any notice or information relating to Guest’s reservation, booking, or ticket contract and that Carnival’s sending of any notice or information by use of the Provided Contact Information shall constitute notice to Guest.  Guest further consents to and agrees that Carnival may communicate with any person contacting Carnival from any Provided Contact Information concerning Guest’s reservation, booking, or ticket contract. GUEST HEREBY RELEASES AND FOREVER DISCHARGES CARNIVAL, AND CARNIVAL’S EMPLOYEES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, AGENTS AND CONTRACTORS, FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, DEMANDS, DAMAGES, ACTIONS, CAUSES OF ACTIONS OR SUITS ARISING OUT OF, OR RELATED TO: 1) CARNIVAL’S USE OF THE PROVIDED CONTACT INFORMATION TO PROVIDE NOTICES OR INFORMATION TO GUEST, OR; 2) CARNIVAL’S COMMUNICATING WITH ANY PERSON CONTACTING CARNIVAL FROM THE PROVIDED CONTACT INFORMATION CONCERNING GUEST’S RESERVATION, BOOKING, OR TICKET CONTRACT.
4. BAGGAGE, PERSONAL PROPERTY, PROHIBITED ITEMS, AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
(a) Each fully paid adult Guest will be allowed a reasonable amount of luggage on board containing their personal belongings. Luggage means only trunks, valises, satchels, bags, hangers and bundles with their contents consisting of only such wearing apparel, toilet articles and similar personal effects as are necessary and appropriate for the purpose of the journey. Carnival reserves the right to inspect all luggage for the safety and security of the Vessel and deny any such luggage it deems unreasonable or unsafe.
(b) You agree that Carnival's liability as a Carrier for loss or damage to baggage is limited to US $250 per bag per Guest up to a maximum of two (2) bags per Guest for sailings 14 days or less and up to a maximum of three (3) bags per Guest for sailings 15 days or longer. Carnival shall not be liable for any loss or theft of or damage to or disposition of cash, securities, negotiable instruments, jewelry, gold, silver or similar valuables or precious stones, works of art, electronics, computers (whether handheld, laptop or other), DVD/Blu-ray players or digital or flash drive computer equipment, disks, memory cards or other electronic storage, handheld or similar devices, cellular telephones, cameras, video or audio tapes, CDs, binoculars, recreational equipment, dental hardware, cosmetics, electric hair appliances, liquids, luggage locks, eyewear (including eyeglasses, sunglasses and contact lenses), hearing aids, medications, medical equipment, wheelchairs, scooters, liquor or other alcoholic beverages, cigarettes, tobacco products or business or other documents under any circumstances, whether carried within Guest’s luggage or otherwise. Use of any stateroom safe will not increase Carnival’s liability as provided in this Ticket Contract.
(c) No tools of trade, household goods, presents and/or property of others, jewelry, money, cameras, documents, valuables of any description including but not limited to such articles as are described in Title 46 of the United States Code section 30503 shall be carried except under and subject to the terms of a special written contract or Bill of Lading entered into with Carnival prior to embarkation upon application of the Guest. The Guest warrants that no such articles are contained in any receptacle or container presented by him as baggage hereunder, and if any such articles are shipped in the Guest’s baggage in breach of this warranty, no liability for negligence, gross or ordinary, shall attach to Carnival for any loss or damage thereto.
(d) Carnival shall not be liable for: (1) Guest’s failure to comply with the requirements set forth in this clause (2) any loss or damage before baggage comes into Carnival’s actual custody on board or after baggage leaves Carnival’s actual custody on board, including, but not limited to, loss or damage by airlines or other transportation services; (3) any loss or damage of baggage while not in the actual possession, custody and control of Carnival; (4) damage due to wear, tear or normal usage; (5) any loss or damage of perishable items, medicine, liquor, cash, securities or other financial instruments, or (6) any loss or damage while in the custody and control of stevedores.
(e) No Guest is permitted to bring on board the Vessel live animals (other than qualified service dogs, with not less than 14 days advance notice given to Carnival). Guest will be solely responsible for any and all damage and/or loss caused by service dogs.
(f) Weapons, knives, firearms, contraband, ammunition, explosives, incendiary devices, or other dangerous items are strictly prohibited aboard the Vessel. Carnival reserves the right to confiscate, destroy and/or turn over to authorities these or any other items it deems in its sole discretion to be detrimental to the safety or comfort of any person or which are otherwise improperly in the possession of any Guest. Each Guest warrants that no such articles are contained in any receptacle or container carried or presented as baggage. Alcoholic beverages are prohibited except as provided for in Section 9.
(g) Marijuana and cannabis, and any and all marijuana and/or cannabis derivatives, and all illegal controlled substances are strictly prohibited and may not be brought on board any Carnival vessel. Marijuana and all marijuana and cannabis derivatives are strictly prohibited from Carnival’s vessels, even if they are legal in some states or jurisdictions. Guest hereby expressly agrees that Carnival has, at all times with or without notice, the right to search Guest’s cabin and baggage and/or personal effects for any prohibited items including but not limited to drugs, weapons, and other contraband, at any location, to ensure compliance with these and other restrictions. Guests and their luggage will be routinely and randomly screened by security personnel and screening tools and equipment, including narcotics and contraband sniffing dogs during embarkation, at ports of call and on board. Any Guest who refuses any such search or screening, or any Guest traveling with such items and/or attempting to board the Vessel with any such items, may be denied boarding or reboarding and/or disembarked and no refund of any portion of the the Total Cruise Price will be issued. Guest will be solely responsible for any and all damage and/or loss caused by his violation of this policy.
5. PUBLIC HEALTH PRACTICES AND PROCEDURES; UNDERSTANDING AND ACCEPTANCE OF RISKS
GUESTS ARE ENCOURAGED TO DISCUSS THE ADVISABILITY OF TRAVEL WITH THEIR PHYSICIAN AND TO REVIEW THE U.S. CENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL AND PREVENTION (“CDC”) WEBSITE FOR UPDATED INFORMATION. GUEST ACKNOWLEDGES, UNDERSTANDS AND ACCEPTS THAT WHILE ABOARD THE VESSEL, IN TERMINALS AND BOARDING AREAS, OR DURING ACTIVITIES ASHORE AND/ OR WHILE TRAVELING TO OR FROM THE VESSEL, THE GUEST OR OTHER GUESTS MAY BE EXPOSED TO COMMUNICABLE ILLNESSES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO COVID-19, INFLUENZA, COLDS AND NOROVIRUS. GUEST FURTHER UNDERSTANDS AND ACCEPTS THAT THE RISK OF EXPOSURES TO THESE COMMUNICABLE ILLNESSES AND OTHERS IS INHERENT IN MOST ACTIVITIES WHERE PEOPLE INTERACT OR SHARE COMMON FACILITIES, ARE BEYOND CARNIVAL’S CONTROL, AND CANNOT BE ELIMINATED UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES. GUEST KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY ACCEPTS THESE RISKS AS PART OF THIS TICKET CONTRACT, INCLUDING THE RISK OF SERIOUS ILLNESS OR DEATH ARISING FROM SUCH EXPOSURES, AND/OR ALL RELATED DAMAGES, LOSS, COSTS AND EXPENSES OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER.
6. NATURE OF CRUISE; FITNESS TO TRAVEL; SPECIAL NEEDS; PREGNANCY AND INFANTS; DISEMBARKATION
(a) The Guest admits a full understanding of the character of the voyage and the Vessel and assumes all risks incident to travel and transportation and handling of Guests and cargo. While at sea or in port the availability of medical care may be limited or delayed. Guest acknowledges that all or part of their voyage may be in areas where medical care and evacuation may not be available. Guest agrees to indemnify and reimburse Carnival in the event Carnival elects to advance the cost of emergency medical care, including medical care provided ashore as well as transportation and/or lodging in connection therewith. Guest acknowledges that their own health insurance will not cover or be applicable to any medical services received on board and that such charges may not be eligible for reimbursement from Guest’s own insurance. Guest acknowledges and agrees that they are solely responsible for all charges related to medical services received onboard and/or at a port of call. Carnival strongly encourages all guests to obtain travel insurance prior to the cruise that can help offset such medical expenses. Guest further acknowledges and agrees that all charges for delivered onboard medical services will be automatically applied to the Guest’s shipboard Sail and Sign® account, even if such charges exceed the limit set on their Sail and Sign® folio.  If Guest is unable to satisfy payment of medical charges on board, Guest agrees that Carnival will be entitled to seek collection of such expenses from the Guest after the cruise. Guests who embark in violation of the Ticket Contract terms assume all associated risks and agree to indemnify and reimburse Carnival for all resulting losses, costs and expenses, including without limitation those related to the Vessel’s deviation from its scheduled route, and other expenses attributable to disembarkation of such Guests. Guests are further advised to refer to Sections 5 and 11 which specify their responsibilities and obligations in these situations.
(b) Carnival’s vessels visit numerous ports in a number of countries. Guests assume responsibility for their own safety and Carnival cannot guarantee Guest’s safety at any time. The United States Department of State, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and other governmental and tourist organizations regularly issue advisories and warnings to travelers and Carnival strongly recommends Guests obtain and consider such information when making travel decisions. Carnival assumes no responsibility for gathering said information.
(c) Guest warrants that Guest and Guest’s travelling party are physically and emotionally fit to travel at the time of embarkation, and further warrants that such Guests have no medical or emotional condition that would endanger any Guest or crewmembers or result in a deviation of the voyage. Any Guest with special medical, physical, or other needs requiring medical attention or special accommodation during the voyage is requested to notify Carnival in writing at the time of booking of such special need. Upon booking the cruise, Guests who have special needs are requested to contact Carnival’s Guest Access Desk (305-599-2600 ext. 70025) to discuss the details of their special needs. Carnival recommends that any Guest who is not self-sufficient travel with a companion who shall take responsibility for any assistance needed during the voyage.  Carnival does not provide one-on-one personal care assistance, and all Guests must be able to provide such care for themselves (e.g., performing personal tasks such as eating, dressing, toileting, bathing, and getting around the ship). Once on board, our crew will not provide any assistance with such personal tasks. Guests are encouraged to contact their treating physician to discuss their health concerns, including pregnancy, before traveling. (See Clause 6(d) below for pregnancy restrictions).
(d) Carnival and the Master each reserves the right to adopt and implement public health protocols, refuse boarding or passage, disembark, or confine to a stateroom any Guest who violates the terms of this ticket contract or Carnival’s policies or any Guest whose physical or mental condition or behavior would be considered, in the sole opinion of the Captain in consultation with the ship's physician, a risk to any Guest or crew member. Guest understands and acknowledges that in addition to the limitations on medical care described in Clause 6(a), prenatal and early infant care, in particular, may require specialized diagnostic facilities and/or treatment that are not available or obtainable during the cruise on board the ship and/or ashore in ports of call. Therefore, any Guest that is unfit to travel, and any Guest who will at any time during the cruise enter her 24th week of estimated gestational age, agrees not to book a cruise or board the ship. Infants must be at least 6 months of age at the time of embarkation in order to sail, however children must be at least 12 months of age at the time of embarkation to sail on the following itineraries: Transoceanic voyages and remote itineraries, where there are more than 2 consecutive sea days. Carnival and the Master reserve the right to disembark any unfit Guest or any Guest whose behavior affects the comfort, enjoyment, safety or wellbeing of other Guests or crew members.  Guests disembarked in such circumstances shall be liable as set forth in Sections 2, 9 and 11. Carnival reserves the right to debark, deny boarding, or cancel the reservation without refund, compensation, or payment of any Guest who is unfit to travel and/or who will be in excess of their 23rd week of gestation at time of sailing, except as set forth in Carnival’s cancellation policy described in Section 7 below, based on the timing of such cancellation.
7. CANCELLATION BY GUEST, REFUNDS
Guests must arrive on time at the port and at their designated boarding appointment time. Except as otherwise expressly provided in Carnival’s Cancellation and Refund Policy, no refunds will be made in the event of “no shows”, unused tickets, lost tickets, partially used tickets, or cancellations received late or after the start of the cruise. Carnival strongly recommends the purchase of trip cancellation insurance that includes coverage for travel cancellation or interruptions.
Cancellation charges for all  bookings will be assessed as listed below. Guests who have made reservations for multiple occupancy cabins (for example for three, four, or five persons) are subject to the cancellation charges and schedule below for the entire cabin reservation, even if Guest does not cancel his or her individual reservation and even if the names of all persons to be in the same cabin as Guest are not provided at the time of booking. Guests whose embarkation is denied under Section 2(g) above (related to background checks and conduct) are also subject to the cancellation schedule below as are Guests who have made bookings as part of the same travelling party as a Guest who is denied embarkation, as set forth under Section 2(g) above.
Guest agrees that any losses sustained by Carnival in the event of cancellation would be very difficult or impossible to quantify, and the cancellation fees are fair and reasonable as liquidated damages.
Days Prior to Departure Date
Cancellation Charge (Per Guest)*
2-5 day cruises (excluding all Alaskan, European, Transatlantic, and Panama Canal cruises):
Up to 76 days
None (except Cruise Charges with non-refundable payments*)
75 to 56 days
Deposit
55 to 30 days
Deposit or 50% of Total Fare, whichever is greater
29 to 15 days
Deposit or 75% of Total Fare, whichever is greater
14 days or less
100% of Total Fare
6 day or longer cruises, as well as all Alaskan, European, Transatlantic, and Panama Canal
                        cruises:
Up to 91 days
None (except Cruise Charges with non-refundable payments*)
90 to 56 days
Deposit
55 to 30 days
Deposit or 50% of Total Fare, whichever is greater
29 to 15 days
Deposit or 75% of Total Fare, whichever is greater
14 days or less
100% of Total Fare
Total Fare is defined as Cruise Charges, Transfer Services, Pre/Post Cruise Vacation Packages and Air Supplements (excluding Restricted Air which is non-refundable any time after booking). Government Taxes and Fees, as shown on your cruise invoice, as well as any prepaid Service Gratuity, will not be subject to a cancellation penalty and will be refunded in case of cancellation.
*Certain promotional  offers may not be listed on this page, please refer to the terms and conditions of your specific promotion for more details. A full ship charter and a group contract other than this Ticket Contract may specify their own cancellation charge schedule.
Except as otherwise provided in Carnival’s Cancellation and Refund Policy, the deposit under Early Saver is non-refundable. All cancellations that occur prior to final payment due date will receive a non-refundable and non-transferable future cruise credit, redeemable for US dollars bookings, in the amount of the deposit less a $50 per person service fee. The future cruise credit must be used for a new reservation made within 12 months from the date of cancellation, is applicable to any Carnival Cruise Line sailing available in US dollars and can only be applied to the price of your future cruise. Any unused portion will be forfeited.
8. CARNIVAL’S RIGHT TO INCREASE FARES, INCREASE OR ESTABLISH CHARGES FOR GOODS AND SERVICES, CANCEL OR CHANGE VOYAGE, AND CHANGE STATEROOM ASSIGNMENTS AND TO PERFORM CONSTRUCTION OR REPAIRS, LIMITATIONS ON VACATION PROTECTION PRODUCTS
(a) Subject to applicable laws, Carnival reserves the right to increase published fares and air fare supplements without prior notice. However, fully paid or deposited Guests will be protected, except for fares listed, quoted, advertised or booked in error, other  changes to deposit, payment and cancellation terms/conditions, which are subject to change without notice at any time prior to the Guest receiving a confirmed booking. In the event that a cruise fare listed, quoted or advertised through any website, Carnival sales person, travel agent or any other source is booked but is incorrect due to an electronic error, typographical error, human error or any other error causing the fare to be listed, quoted or advertised for an amount not intended by Carnival, Carnival reserves the right to correct the erroneous fare by requesting the Guest to pay the correct fare intended (and associated fees, expenses and taxes), or by canceling the cruise in exchange for a full refund, but in no event shall Carnival be obligated to honor any such booking resulting from the error or otherwise be liable in such circumstances.
(b) Carnival reserves the right to offer promotional cruise fares that require a minimum occupancy requirement per cabin. When the booked cruise fare is contingent on a minimum occupancy requirement per cabin, cancellation by one or more Guests in a cabin may cause an adjustment to the remaining Guests booked cruise fare based on the prevailing and available rate at the time of the cancellation (“recalculated fare”). Final payment in full of the recalculated fares (and associated fees, expenses and taxes) for all remaining Guests in a cabin is due by 11:59:59 p.m. EST on the eve before the start of the cancellation penalty period. Failure to make timely final payment in full of the recalculated total price by all remaining Guests in a cabin will result in automatic cancellation of the reservation for the entire cabin.
(c) Carnival has the right, without previous notice to the Guest, to cancel this contract at the port of embarkation or at any time during the voyage. In the event a voyage is canceled or terminated early due to a mechanical failure of the Vessel, Guest is entitled to their Total Cruise Price, or a proportional share thereof as determined by Carnival, in addition to transportation to the Vessel’s scheduled port of disembarkation or Guest’s home city, at Carnival’s discretion and expense, as well as necessary lodging at the unscheduled port of disembarkation, if required, at Carnival’s expense. In the event a voyage is canceled or shortened for any reason other than a mechanical failure of the Vessel, Guest shall be entitled to a Future Cruise Credit or an Onboard Credit equal to their Total Cruise Price paid or a proportional part thereof, as determined by Carnival, and Carnival shall have no further liability for damages or compensation of any kind.
(d) Carnival may change the duration and/or itinerary of the cruise at any time. The Vessel shall be entitled to leave and enter ports with or without pilots or tugs, to tow and assist other vessels in any circumstances, to return to or enter any port at the Master’s discretion and for any purpose, and to deviate in any direction or for any purpose from the direct or usual course, and to omit or change any or all port calls, arrival or departure times, with or without notice, for any reason whatsoever, including but not limited to health and safety, security, adverse weather, hurricanes, tornadoes, strikes, tides, hostilities, civil unrest, port closings, emergency debarkations of Guests or crew, late air, sea, car or motor coach departures or arrivals, mechanical breakdowns, declared pandemics, public health emergencies or outbreak of communicable disease, quarantines, national or regional emergencies, US or foreign governmental advisories or travel warnings, all such deviations being considered as forming part of and included in the proposed voyage. Except as provided in Clause 8(c) with respect to mechanical failures, as provided in Carnival’s change of itinerary policy in effect when the Guest or Guest’s agent accepts the terms of this Ticket Contract, or as required by federal regulations, Carnival shall have no liability for any compensation or other damages in such circumstances for any change in itinerary, ports of call, ports of embarkation and debarkation, and/or duration of the cruise (including a longer than planned duration of the cruise due to port closings) (Carnival’s change of itinerary policy can be found at
Carnival's
            Website
(opens a new window)
or at Carnival's
FAQs
(opens a new window)
Page).
(e) Except as provided in Clause 8(c) with respect to mechanical failures, or as required by federal regulations, if the performance of the proposed voyage is hindered or prevented (or in the opinion of Carnival or the Master is likely to be hindered or prevented) by war, hostilities, blockage, ice, labor conflicts, adverse weather conditions, strikes on board or ashore, restraint of Princes, Rulers or People (including but not limited to orders by governmental agencies restricting travel due to declared pandemics, public health emergencies or outbreak of communicable disease, quarantines, national or regional emergencies) seizure under legal process, breakdown of the Vessel, congestion, docking difficulties or any other cause whatsoever or if Carnival or the Master considers that for any reason whatsoever, proceeding to, attempting to enter, or entering or remaining at the port of Guest’s destination may expose the Vessel to risk or loss or damage or be likely to delay her, the Guest and his baggage may be landed at the port of embarkation or at any port or place at which the Vessel may call, at which time the responsibility of Carnival shall cease and this contract shall be deemed to have been fully performed, or if the Guest has not embarked, Carnival may cancel the proposed voyage without liability to refund passage money or charges or fares paid in advance.
(f) Carnival and the Master shall have liberty to comply with any orders, recommendations or directions whatsoever given by the Government or Department of any nation or by any person acting or purporting to act with the authority of such Government or Department or by any Committee or person having under the terms of the War Risks Insurance on the Vessel the right to give such orders, recommendations or directions, and if by reason of, and in compliance with any such orders, recommendations or directions anything is done or is not done the same shall not be deemed a deviation or a breach of this contract. Disembarkation of any Guest or discharge of baggage in accordance with such orders, recommendations or directions shall constitute due and proper fulfillment of the obligation of Carnival under this Contract.
(g) Specific stateroom assignments are not guaranteed. Carnival reserves the right to move Guests to a comparable stateroom for any reason, including but not limited to, instances in which a stateroom is booked with fewer than the maximum number of Guests the stateroom can accommodate; or when a partial Guest cancellation occurs and the remaining number of Guests do not match the maximum number of Guests the stateroom can accommodate.
(h) Guest agrees and acknowledges that Carnival may, at any time and without notice, impose charges for, increase charges for and/or eliminate goods and services voluntarily purchased by Guest, other than what is included in your Cruise Fare, without liability to the Guest. These additional charges are exclusive of your Cruise Fare. The goods and services offered or available during the cruise, may differ from goods and services previously offered or available on prior cruises and/or what was advertised on prior versions of Carnival’s website (Carnival.com), commercials, in other printed media, and/or in prior verbal discussions.
(i) Carnival reserves the right to periodically perform repairs to the Vessel and/or perform construction on the Vessel to alter, amend or remove any appurtenance, amenity, or facility on the Vessel. Guest acknowledges that such repairs, alterations, amendments or removal of any appurtenance may occur during the cruise and agrees that Carnival shall not be liable to Guest for a refund, of any portion of the Total Cruise Price, full, partial or otherwise, nor shall Guest have any legal or equitable cause of action relating thereto.
(j) Guest hereby acknowledges and agrees that Carnival’s “Great Vacation Guarantee” program has been suspended and that Guest is not entitled to any benefit thereof.
(k) Prices of Shore Excursions that take place in The Bahamas are inclusive of a 10% Bahamas value added tax (VAT).
(l) At Carnival’s discretion, Casino Player Bank Balances under $100 that are not claimed prior to casino close on the last morning of the voyage may be refunded back to Guest’s Sail & Sign Onboard. Balances of $25 or more that have not been refunded back to Guest’s Sail & Sign may be sent to the Guest’s address on file.
9. COMPLIANCE WITH RULES, SOLICITATION, SMOKING, DRINKING, ILLEGAL ACTIVITY, SEARCHES, DISRUPTIVE BEHAVIOR, BEVERAGE POLICY AND ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY
(a) Guest agrees during the course of the voyage to follow the directions of the ship’s Master, or his authorized officer. Guest further agrees to abide by all shipboard rules and policies. Guests shall not solicit anyone on the Vessel for any commercial, professional, illegal, or illicit purposes. Guest agrees that any violation of this or any Clause in the ticket contract may subject Guest to disembarkation with no refund to the Guest and any such actions may cause Guest to be prohibited from sailing with Carnival in the future.
(b) Guest acknowledges that smoking is only permitted in designated areas. Guest agrees to refrain from smoking in non-designated areas and agrees that Carnival has the right to assess up to a $500 charge, per violation, and to disembark the Guest for failure to observe
Carnival's
            Tobacco and Marijuana Smoking Policy ("Smoking Policy")
(opens a new
                window)
with no refund to the Guest.
(c) Any and all forms of smoking, including but not limited to, cigarettes, cigars, pipes, vaporizers, and electronic cigarettes are strictly prohibited on board Carnival’s vessels except in specific designated exterior deck areas and designated casino/night club spaces. All staterooms and suite accommodations, including the outside balconies, are NON-SMOKING. In accordance with
Carnival's
            Smoking Policy
(opens a new window)
any marijuana possession or use is strictly prohibited on all Carnival ships at all times, regardless of local, state, or other laws which might permit use or possession of marijuana. Carnival abides by U.S. Federal Law which prohibits the possession or use of marijuana on its ships for any reason. Any Guest who brings marijuana or any illegal controlled substances on board, in violation of Carnival’s policy or U.S. or international law, including any law of a port or the flag state, will be reported to local and/or Federal authorities and U.S. Customs & Border Protection for possible detainment and/or enforcement action. Carnival may deny boarding or disembark any Guest who brings or attempts to bring marijuana or any illegal substance on board with no refund to Guest and at Guest’s own expense for repatriation and travel. Guest agrees to strictly comply with Carnival’s Smoking Policy. Guest further agrees that any violation of Carnival’s Smoking Policy would also cause Carnival to incur damages, including but not limited to, loss of Guest goodwill, revenue, cleaning, maintenance, fines and/or other costs. Any evidence of smoking in a stateroom or balcony, e.g.; smoke smell/residue, butts, ashes, upholstery/furniture burns, tampering of the smoke alarm, will constitute a violation of
Carnival's
            Smoking Policy
(opens a new window)
. Guests who violate our Smoking Policy will be assessed a $500 charge, per violation, on the Guest’s Sail & Sign® account, and may also result in the disembarkation of all Guests in the stateroom. Fines will be assessed in the functional currency of the Vessel which might be different than the currency used to secure the booking. Such Guests will be solely responsible for all resulting financial penalties and expenses to return home, and no portion of their Total  Cruise Price will be refunded. Guest further acknowledges and agrees that any violation of this policy shall, in the sole discretion of Carnival, constitute a material breach of this cruise contract. In the event of such breach, Guest forfeits all rights hereunder, including the right to remain on board. Carnival reserves the right to disembark Guest(s), at any port, as determined by Carnival. Carnival shall not be liable for any refund or other compensation or damages whatsoever to any Guest disembarked pursuant to this provision, or who disembarks because another Guest is so disembarked. Such Guests may also be prohibited from sailing with Carnival in the future.
(d) Guest agrees, in all ports of call, to return to the Vessel or pre-boarding location in accordance with instructions given by the Vessel’s Master or his authorized officer. Guest further acknowledges that shipboard and shore side clocks may have different times, but it is Guest’s responsibility to return to the Vessel or pre-boarding location so as not to miss Vessel’s departure. Any costs associated with transporting Guest to rejoin the Vessel including, but not limited to, governmental fees, visa fees, subsistence, lodging, air fare, launch fare, car hire or agency fees shall be for the account of Guest. The Guest shall be liable to and shall reimburse Carnival or the Master for any fines or penalties imposed on Carnival by any government, governmental or regulatory agency, entity, or official, port or port official, or for expenses or losses caused or incurred for Guest’s intentional or negligent act or omission, including but not limited to, criminal or disruptive behavior by the Guest onboard or Guest’s failure to board the ship prior to the scheduled departure time at any port.
(e) Carnival has a “zero tolerance” policy toward any illegal activity or behavior by Guests or crew aboard. Guest agrees to comply with this policy and further acknowledges that it is Carnival’s policy to report incidents of illegal activity or behavior to the appropriate law enforcement authorities. Carnival will cooperate with relevant authorities in any civil or criminal proceedings sought by those agencies. For the safety of the Vessel and of other guests and crew, Carnival reserves the right to confine any Guest who commits a crime on board until law enforcement authorities can be contacted and/or board the Vessel.
For safety reasons, Guests are prohibited from bringing alcoholic beverages on board with the following exception: At the beginning of the cruise during embarkation day, Guests (21 years of age and older) may carry on in their hand luggage, one 750 ml bottle of sealed/unopened wine or champagne per person. A $15 corkage fee (a charge exacted at a restaurant for every bottle of wine served that was not bought on the premises), per 750 ml bottle, will be charged should Guests wish to consume their wine or champagne in a main dining room, steakhouse or bar.  Guests are also prohibited from bringing water, sodas and other non-alcoholic beverages on board that are packaged in bottles.  A small quantity of non-alcoholic beverages (i.e., sparkling water, sodas, juice, milk) packaged in cans or cartons may be brought on board on embarkation day, only if carried on in Guests’ hand luggage (not in checked luggage). A small quantity is considered a maximum of 12 sealed, unopened cans/cartons of 12 ounces each or less per person. Any hard liquor, beer, other forms of alcoholic beverage, and non-alcoholic beverages, outside of the exceptions referenced above, are strictly prohibited (in both carry-on and checked luggage) and such items will be confiscated and discarded, and no compensation will be provided. Alcoholic beverages purchased in the Vessel’s gift shops or at a port of call will be retained by Carnival until the end of the voyage. Carnival reserves the right to refuse to serve alcohol to any passenger. Guest acknowledges that the minimum age permitted for the purchase, possession, or consumption of alcoholic beverages aboard Carnival’s vessels is twenty-one (21). Guest agrees to supervise all persons under age twenty-one (21) under Guest’s charge to ensure that they do not violate this, or any other, shipboard regulation. Guests who attempt to purchase alcohol by using false identification or the Sail & Sign® card of a Guest who is twenty-one or older will be deemed in violation of this policy. Any Guest twenty-one or older who attempts to or purchases alcohol for any Guest under twenty-one will also be deemed in violation of this policy. Guest agrees that Carnival has the right to disembark any Guest who violates this policy and as well as any adults traveling with minors who violate this policy or any other shipboard regulation.
(f) Compliance with APHIS regulations: To protect U.S. agriculture and natural resources from the introduction and spread of foreign plant and animal pests and diseases please be advised that agricultural products including seeds, soil, live insects, food such as fresh fruit, vegetables and animal products including meat, milk, and eggs must not be brought back to the United States. This food includes meals that were offered during the cruise but were not consumed. If you have in your possession any meals or food, including any fresh fruit, vegetables and animal products such as meat sandwiches, milk, eggs from the ship, you must leave them behind or deposit them in the amnesty bin/food collection bin at the exit during disembarkation.  These items are prohibited entry by U.S. Customs and Border Protection and the U.S. Department of Agriculture. Violations of these prohibitions may result in penalties and fines to the Guest and/or disembarkation without refund.
(g) Tampering with Life Saving Devices: Guest agrees to not tamper with or discard overboard any life saving device such as, but not limited to; life rings and life jackets, unless in an emergency or instructed to do so by the ship’s master. Tampering with life-saving devices may result in a fine to the Guest and/or disembarkation without refund.
(h) Guest agrees not to engage in any lewd, lascivious, indecent, obscene, offensive, or outrageous behavior while on board and specifically agrees that violation of this policy may result in confinement or debarkation from the Vessel with no refund to the Guest and at Guest’s own expense for repatriation and travel. Furthermore, all guests should ensure their clothing and accessories are respectful to fellow guests. Specifically, items worn during the cruise should not contain any message that may be considered offensive or contain nudity, profanity, sexual innuendo/suggestions. In addition, clothing/accessories should not promote negative ethnic or racial commentary, or hatred or violence in any form. Violation of this policy may result in Guest’s disembarkation with no refund of any portion of their Total Cruise Price.
(i) All guests must adhere to Carnival’s environmental policy as follows: Any dumping or pollution of any kind including discharge of any item into the ocean and/or waterways is strictly prohibited. Guest will be strictly liable for any illegal dumping or pollution. Any willful or negligent act of discharging or releasing any unauthorized item overboard, without the express permission of the ship's staff may result in a $500 charge, per violation, posted to Guest’s Sail & Sign
®
account. Fines will be imposed using the functional currency of the Vessel, which may be different than the form of currency used to secure the booking. Additionally, Guest will be charged the reimbursement cost of any unauthorized discharged property belonging to Carnival and such charge will be posted to Guest’s Sail & Sign
®
account. Guest shall also be responsible for any fines or penalties imposed on Carnival by any government, governmental agency or official, port or port official, or for expenses or losses caused or incurred for Guest’s violation of this policy. Violation of this policy may result in the disembarkation of all guests in the stateroom. Guests who are disembarked for violating our environmental policy will be responsible for all financial charges and expenses to return home, and no refund of any portion of their unused Total Cruise Price will be provided. Additionally, they may be prohibited from sailing with Carnival Cruise Line in the future.
(j) Consistent with our commitment to safety and our “zero tolerance” policy set forth in Section 9(e) above, any illegal activity or disruptive behavior will not be tolerated. Guest agrees to follow Carnival’s Code of Conduct at all times. Any Guest whose conduct affects the comfort, enjoyment, safety, or well-being of other guests or crew will be detained onboard and/or disembarked at their own expense and will be prohibited from sailing with Carnival in the future. Any violation of our “zero tolerance” policy or Code of Conduct is a breach of the Ticket Contract, for which Guest agrees to pay Carnival liquidated damages of $500, to be charged to the Guest’s Sail and Sign® account without further notice or consent, representing the reputational and goodwill damages and injury to Carnival for Guest’s violations.  In addition, Guest or Guest’s estate agrees to defend and indemnify Carnival and the Vessel, their servants and agents against liability which Carnival or the Vessel or such servants or agents may incur towards any person, company, or Government for any damage to property, personal injury, or death caused directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, by any illegal activity or disruptive behavior of Guest and those minors traveling with Guest.
(k) Carnival may impose a curfew for minors by requiring Guests under 18 years of age to be clear of all public areas by 1:00 a.m. ship’s time unless they are accompanied by an adult in their traveling party, 21 years of age or older, or they are participating in a Carnival youth program activity.
10. PERSONAL DATA; VIDEO SURVEILLANCE; RIGHT TO SEARCH OR INSPECT; PRIVACY NOTICE AND PUBLIC WIRELESS SERVICES
(a) Carnival may utilize closed circuit television cameras or other surveillance means onboard the Vessel. Guest acknowledges and agrees that such devices may be recording and that videos and images of the Guest may be stored and used as deemed necessary by Carnival to comply with law, applicable regulations, governmental and quasi-governmental requests or orders, or any legal investigation or claims process.
(b) Calls made to Carnival, and calls received from Carnival, may be recorded for the purposes of audit, training and the monitoring of services provided by Carnival.
(c) Guest agrees Carnival has, at all times with or without notice, the right to enter and search Guest’s stateroom, personal safe or storage spaces, or to search or screen any Guest, and/or personal effects, at any location, to ensure compliance with any of the restrictions set forth in this agreement. Any Guest who refuses any such search or screening may be denied boarding or disembarked and no refund of the any portion of the Total Cruise Price will be issued.
(d) The personal data Guest provides to Carnival, or which is obtained through Guest’s dealings with Carnival or with its affiliates, will be processed in accordance with Carnival privacy notice, which describes how personal data may be processed, and which is available on the Carnival website. Carnival may from time to time change its privacy notice; you can find the up-to-date privacy notice on the
Privacy Notice page
(opens a new window)
or by writing to the address given below. Guests may provide personal data to Carnival that may include names, postal or email addresses, date of birth, passport information, financial account, telephone numbers, likenesses, photographs or other information which would identify Guests personally. Guests may also provide Carnival or others certain sensitive data such as health, medical, dietary, religious, gender or sexual orientation information. Guest agrees that Carnival may (1) keep their personal and sensitive data, (2) use it in its business worldwide in accordance with its published privacy notice, (3) share it with its affiliated or related companies and (4) subject it to processing worldwide provided Carnival’s safeguards are used.  Guest agrees that any personal or sensitive data provided to Carnival in the European Economic Area may be used, processed and transferred worldwide including to the U.S.
(e) Guest agrees that Carnival may disclose personal or sensitive data to unaffiliated third parties (1) with the Guest’s consent or authorization, (2) to help complete a transaction for the Guest, (3) to comply with law, applicable regulations, governmental and quasi-governmental requests, orders or legal process, (4) to enforce this or other agreements or protect the rights, safety or property of Carnival or others, (5) as part of a purchase, sale, or transfer of assets or our business, (6) to Carnival’s agents or service providers to perform functions on its behalf, or (7) as otherwise described in Carnival’s published privacy notice, as amended from time to time.
(f) Carnival may, but will not be required to, make wireless access to the Internet or access to wireless telephone services ("Wireless Services") available to Guests on board either directly or through a third-party service provider. All Guests agree that use of Wireless Services is at their own risk and that Carnival shall not be liable to Guests in any manner for claims, losses or damages resulting therefrom.  Guests’ use of Wireless Services onboard is public; privacy of any information sent or received is not guaranteed.  Personal data may be available to third-party service providers and Carnival is not liable under any circumstances for any lack of privacy while using Wireless Services. Guest agrees that Carnival has the right, but not the obligation to monitor, record, intercept and disclose any transmissions over or using Wireless Services aboard the Vessel, and to provide billing, account, or use records, and related information relating to all Wireless Services as it deems appropriate in its sole discretion (for example, in response to lawful process, orders, subpoenas, or warrants, or to protect Carnival's rights, passengers or property). All Guests agree that their use of Wireless Services is governed by Carnival's Terms and Conditions of Wireless Services [contained in your Folio or available upon connection to the internet] in addition to and any terms and conditions imposed by a third-party Wireless Services provider.
(g) Carnival may use facial recognition technology to enable embarkation, debarkation, at entry and exit of the Vessel at ports of call, on all photos taken by Carnival during Guest's voyage, as well as those photos Guest uploads to Carnival's mobile app. Carnival will delete facial biometric identifiers following completion of the voyage, prior to a subsequent voyage. All un-identified photos will be deleted within thirty (30) days after the end of each voyage or earlier upon request. Any photos that have been identified and linked to Guest's Sail and Sign® Guest ID will be retained for two (2) years to enable guest access and purchase of photos and photo memorabilia after the end of the voyage. Photos may be deleted earlier upon request.  Carnival does not share facial recognition records with any third parties outside of the Carnival Corporation & plc group of companies. For more information about facial recognition technology, please email Carnival at
dpo@carnival.com
.
11. GUEST’S REIMBURSEMENT FOR FINES, EXPENSES, DEBTS AND DAMAGES
(a) The Guest shall be liable to and shall reimburse Carnival or the Master for any fines or penalties imposed on Carnival by any government, governmental agency or official, port or port official, or for expenses or losses caused or incurred for Guest’s negligent or intentional act or omission or Guest’s failure to observe or comply with local requirements in respect of immigration, border patrol, customs and excise, agriculture, health, environment or any other government regulation whatsoever, including Guest’s failure to board the ship prior to the scheduled departure time at any port, and the Guest shall be liable for any and all losses and fines caused by their actions in regards to illegal dumping or pollution of any kind, including discharge of any item into the ocean and/or waterways. For Guests who embark the Vessel in violation of the ticket contract terms, any/all resulting damages, losses, costs, expenses, credits, refunds and related claims, including without limitation those related to a deviation of the Vessel to disembark such Guests, shall be the sole responsibility of the Guest.
(b) The Guest or Guest’s estate shall be liable to and shall reimburse Carnival for all deviation expenses (including loss of revenue), fines or penalties, damages to the Vessel, its furnishings, operations or equipment, or any property of Carnival caused directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, by any misconduct, willful or negligent act or omission on the part of the Guest or any minors traveling with the Guest, including discharge and release of any unauthorized item overboard, without the express permission of the ship’s staff. The Guest or Guest’s estate shall defend and indemnify Carnival and the Vessel, their servants and agents against liability which Carnival or the Vessel or such servants or agents may incur towards any person, company or Government for any damage to property, personal injury or death caused directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, by any misconduct, willful or negligent act or omission on the part of the Guest or minors traveling with Guest.
(c) Carnival and the Vessel shall have a lien upon all baggage, money and other property whatsoever accompanying the Guest and the right to sell the same by public auction or otherwise for all sums whatsoever due from the Guest under this Contract and for the costs and expenses of enforcing such lien and such sale.
12. INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS, SHORE EXCURSIONS, AND OTHER SERVICES
(a) Guest acknowledges that all shore excursions/tours (whether conducted in the water, on land or by air), airline flights and ground transportation, as well as the ship’s physician, and on board concessions (including but not limited to, the gift shops, spa, beauty salon, fitness center, golf and art programs, video/snorkel concession) are either operated by or are independent contractors. Guest understands and accepts that Carnival may prohibit Guest from going ashore in any port of call, and/or or limit Guests going ashore to specific activities or excursions authorized by Carnival, for public health-related reasons in its sole discretion. Even though Carnival shall be entitled to collect a fee and earn a profit from the ticketing or sale of such services by such persons or entities, Carnival neither supervises nor controls their actions, nor makes any representation either expressed or implied as to their suitability. Carnival, in arranging for the services called for by the physician or nurse, all on board concessions, all shore excursion/tour tickets, all pre-cruise and post-cruise airline flights or other transportation off of the ship and its water shuttles, does so only as a convenience for the Guest. Guest agrees that Carnival assumes no responsibility, does not guarantee performance and in no event shall be liable for any negligent or intentional acts or omissions, loss, damage, injury, or delay to Guest and/or Guest’s baggage, property or effects in connection with said services. Guests use the services of all independent contractors at the Guest’s sole risk. Independent contractors are entitled to make a proper charge for any service performed with respect to a Guest.
(b) Guest acknowledges that some of the ship’s personnel are employees of independent contractors and not employees of Carnival, and that Carnival is not responsible for their actions. Ship’s personnel that are independent contractors include, but are not limited to; spa employees, masseuses, barbers, hairdressers, manicurists, fitness or golf instructors videographers, art auctioneers, gift shop personnel, shopping guides, wedding planners or other providers of personal services. Guest further acknowledges that although independent contractors or their employees may use signage or clothing which contains the name “Carnival” or other related trade names or logos, the independent contractor status remains unchanged. Independent contractors, their employees and assistants are not agents, servants or employees of Carnival and have no authority to act on behalf of Carnival.
(c) Although Carnival may have contracts, concessionaire agreements, and/or independent contractor agreements with the above-mentioned service providers and contractors. Guest hereby acknowledges and agrees that Guests are not intended third-party beneficiaries of any such contracts and Guests have no right to assert themselves as third party beneficiaries of such contracts or agreements.
13. LIMITATIONS OF CARNIVAL’S LIABILITY
(a) In consideration for the Cruise Fare paid, it is agreed that Carnival shall not be held vicariously liable for the intentional or negligent acts of any persons not employed by Carnival nor for any intentional or negligent acts of Carnival’s employees committed while off duty or outside the course and scope of their employment. Passenger assumes the risk of injury, death, illness or other loss and Carnival is not responsible for the negligence or wrongdoing of any independent contractors or sub-contractors.
(b) In consideration for the Cruise Fare paid, it is agreed that Carnival shall have no liability as a consequence of Guest's use of ship's athletic or recreational equipment or as a consequence of Guest's decision to participate in any athletic or recreational activity or event.
(c) On international cruises which neither embark, disembark nor call at any U.S. port and where the Guest commences the cruise by embarkation or disembarks at the end of the Cruise in a port of a European Member State, Carnival shall be entitled to any and all liability limitations and immunities for loss of or damage to luggage, death and/or personal injury as provided under EU Regulation 392/2009 on the liability of carriers to passengers in the event of accidents. On International cruises that do not embark or disembark in either a port in a European Member State or a US port, and which do not call at any U.S. port, Carnival shall be entitled to any and all liability limitations and immunities for loss of or damage to luggage, death and/or personal injury as provided in the Athens Convention Relating to the Carriage of Passengers and their Luggage by Sea, 1974 and the Protocol of 2002 to the Convention (together, the “Athens Convention).  Unless the loss or damage was caused by a shipping incident, which is defined as a shipwreck, capsizing, collision or stranding of the ship, explosion or fire in the ship, or defect in the ship (as defined by the Regulation), Carnival’s liability is limited to no more than 400,000 Special Drawing Rights (“SDR”) (approximately U.S. $608,000, which fluctuates depending on the daily exchange rate as published in the Wall Street Journal) if the passenger proves that the incident was a result of Carnival’s fault or neglect. If the loss or damage was caused by a shipping incident, Carnival’s liability is limited to no more than 250,000 SDRs (approximately U.S. $380,000, which fluctuates depending on the daily exchange rate as published in the Wall Street Journal). Compensation for loss caused by a shipping incident can increase to a maximum of 400,000 SDRs unless Carnival proves that the shipping incident occurred without Carnival’s fault or neglect. Shipping incidents do not include acts of war, hostilities, civil war, insurrection, natural disasters, or intentional acts or omissions of third parties.  In cases where the loss or damage was caused in connection with war or terrorism, Carnival’s liability for any personal injury or death (whether occurring during a shipping incident or a non-shipping incident) is limited to the lower of 250,000 SDRs per passenger or 340 million SDRs per ship per incident. Punitive damages are not recoverable for cruises covered by EU Regulation 392/2009. For more information on the EU Regulation 392/2009, please see the
Official Journal of the European Union EU Regulation 392/2009 PDF
.
In addition, Guests embarking a cruise in a European Member State port are afforded rights under EU Regulation 1177/2010. For additional information on EU Regulation 392/2009 and EU Regulation 1177/2010, please visit Carnival’s
EU Regulation 392/2009 PDF
and
EU Regulation 1177/2010
                    PDF
(opens a new window)
.
(d) Carnival shall not be liable to the passenger for damages for emotional distress, mental suffering/anguish or psychological injury of any kind under any circumstances, except when such damages were caused by the negligence of Carnival and resulted from the same passenger sustaining actual physical injury, or having been at risk of actual physical injury, or when such damages are held to be intentionally inflicted by Carnival.
(e) In addition to all the restrictions and exemptions from liability provided in this Contract, including under Clause 13(c) for cruises that embark or disembark in a port of a European Member State, on all cruises Carnival shall also have the benefit of all statutes of the United States of America providing for limitation and exoneration from liability and the procedures provide thereby, including but not limited Title 46 of the United States Code sections 30501 through 30509, and 30511. Nothing in this Contract is intended to nor shall it operate to limit or deprive Carnival or any such statutory limitation of or exoneration from liability under any applicable laws.
14. TIME LIMITS FOR CLAIMS, JURISDICTION, VENUE, ARBITRATION AND GOVERNING LAW
(a) Carnival shall not be liable for any claims whatsoever for personal injury, illness or death of the Guest, unless full particulars in writing are given to Carnival within 185 days after the date of the injury, event, illness or death giving rise to the claim. Suit to recover on any such claim shall not be maintainable unless filed within one year after the date of the injury, event, illness or death, and unless served on Carnival within 120 days after filing. Guest expressly waives all other potentially applicable state or federal limitations periods.
(b) Carnival shall not be liable for any claims whatsoever, other than for personal injury, illness or death of the Guest, unless full particulars in writing are given to Carnival within 30 days after the Guest is landed from the Vessel or in the case the Voyage is abandoned, within 30 days thereafter. Legal proceedings to recover on any claim whatsoever other than for personal injury, illness or death shall not be maintainable unless commenced within six months after the date Guest is landed from the Vessel or in the case the Voyage is abandoned, within six months thereafter, and unless served upon Carnival within 120 days after commencement. Guest expressly waives all other potentially applicable state or federal limitation periods for claims which include, but are not limited to, allegations concerning any and all civil rights, the Americans With Disabilities Act (ADA), trade practices and/or advertising.
(c) Except as provided in Clauses 14 (d) and 14(e) below, it is agreed by and between the Guest and Carnival that all disputes and matters whatsoever arising under, in connection with or incident to this Contract or the Guest’s cruise, including travel to and from the Vessel, shall be litigated, if at all, before the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida in Miami, or as to those lawsuits to which the Federal Courts of the United States lack subject matter jurisdiction, before a court located in Miami-Dade County, Florida, U.S.A. to the exclusion of the Courts of any other county, state or country. Guest hereby consents to such exclusive jurisdiction and waives any jurisdictional, venue or other objection that may be available. In the event that a matter is brought in the Federal Courts of the United States and no diversity jurisdiction exists, then the matter must proceed under the Court’s admiralty jurisdiction and Guest may not be allowed a trial by jury. If a matter proceeds under the Court’s admiralty jurisdiction, then Carnival consents to a trial by jury pursuant to Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 39(c).  Guest acknowledges and understands that a Federal Court presiding over the matter under admiralty jurisdiction may not grant a trial by jury despite Carnival and Guest’s request for a trial by jury, and in such event, Guest knowingly and voluntarily waives a trial by jury.
(d) Any and all disputes, claims, or controversies whatsoever, other than for personal injury, illness or death of a Guest (whether brought in personam or in rem or based on contract, tort, statutory, constitutional or other legal rights, including but not limited to alleged violation of civil rights, discrimination, consumer or privacy laws, or for any losses, damages or expenses, relating to or in any way arising out of or connected with this Contract, the booking of the cruise, including but not limited to the booking of Carnival Vacation Protection products, shore excursions, and land and hotel packages, or Guest’s cruise, no matter how described, pleaded or styled, between the Guest and Carnival) in which Guest or any other claimant asserts damages for less than $8,000 (excluding attorney fees, costs, and interest, which are not included to determine the amount at issue) must be litigated if at all before a small claims court located in Miami-Dade County, Florida, U.S.A. to the exclusion of the courts of any other county, state or country.  Guest hereby consents to such exclusive jurisdiction and waives any jurisdictional, venue or other objection that may be otherwise available.
(e) Any and all disputes, claims, or controversies whatsoever, other than for personal injury, illness or death of a Guest (whether brought in personam or in rem or based on contract, tort, statutory, constitutional or other legal rights, including but not limited to alleged violation of civil rights, discrimination, consumer or privacy laws, or for any losses, damages or expenses, relating to or in any way arising out of or connected with this Contract, the booking of the cruise, including but not limited to the booking of Carnival Vacation Protection products, shore excursions, and land and hotel packages, or Guest’s cruise, no matter how described, pleaded or styled, between the Guest and Carnival) in which Guest or any other claimant asserts damages for more than $8,000.00 (excluding attorney fees, costs, and interest, which are not included to determine the amount at issue) shall be referred to and resolved exclusively by binding arbitration pursuant to the United Nations Convention on the Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral Awards (New York 1958), 21 U.S.T. 2517, 330 U.N.T.S. 3, 1970 U.S.T. LEXIS 115, 9 U.S.C. §§ 202-208 (“the Convention”) and the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. §§ 1, et seq., (“FAA”) solely in Miami-Dade County, Florida, U.S.A. to the exclusion of any other forum.  Guest hereby consents to such exclusive jurisdiction and waives any jurisdictional, venue or other objection that may be available to any such arbitration proceeding in Miami-Dade, Florida. The arbitration shall be administered by National Arbitration and Mediation (“NAM”) under its Comprehensive Dispute Resolution Rules and Procedures and the fee schedule in effect at the time of initiating the proceeding with NAM, which are deemed to be incorporated herein by reference.  Each party shall bear their own costs and fees associated with any such filing. If you have a question about the arbitration process or to obtain a current copy of the Comprehensive Dispute Resolution Rules and Procedures and/or fee schedule, you can contact NAM at:  National Arbitration and Mediation, attention Claims Department, 990 Stewart Street, First Floor, Garden City, NY 11530, telephone number (800) 358-2550.
NEITHER PARTY WILL HAVE THE RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL OR TO ENGAGE IN PRE-ARBITRATION DISCOVERY EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THE APPLICABLE ARBITRATION RULES AND HEREIN, OR OTHERWISE TO LITIGATE THE CLAIM IN ANY COURT. THE ARBITRATOR’S DECISION WILL BE FINAL AND BINDING. OTHER RIGHTS THAT GUEST OR CARNIVAL WOULD HAVE IN COURT ALSO MAY NOT BE AVAILABLE IN ARBITRATION. An award rendered by an arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction under the Convention or FAA. Carnival and Guest further agree to permit the taking of a deposition under oath of the Guest asserting the claim, or for whose benefit the claim is asserted, in any such arbitration.  In the event this provision is deemed unenforceable by an arbitrator or court of competent jurisdiction for any reason, then and only then the provisions of Clause 14 (c) above governing venue and jurisdiction shall exclusively apply to any lawsuit involving claims described in this Clause.
(f) Except as expressly provided in Clause 13 (c), any and all disputes whatsoever arising out of or relating to this Contract or Guest’s Cruise as well as the interpretation, applicability and enforcement of this Contract shall be governed exclusively by the general federal maritime law of the United States, without regard to choice of law rules, which replaces, supersedes and preempts any provision of law of any other state or nation, however, the terms of this Contract do not displace non-excludable consumer laws applicable in jurisdictions outside the United States.
15. CLASS ACTION WAIVER
THIS CONTRACT PROVIDES FOR THE EXCLUSIVE RESOLUTION OF DISPUTES THROUGH INDIVIDUAL LEGAL ACTION AND SUPERSEDES ANY LAW ENTITLING GUEST TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION. THIS CLASS ACTION WAIVER PRECLUDES GUEST FROM PARTICIPATING IN OR BEING REPRESENTED IN ANY CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION REGARDING ANY CLAIM BROUGHT UNDER THIS TICKET CONTRACT OR IN CONNECTION WITH GUEST’S CRUISE. EVEN IF APPLICABLE LAW PROVIDES OTHERWISE, GUEST AGREES THAT ANY ARBITRATION OR LAWSUIT AGAINST CARRIER WHATSOEVER SHALL BE LITIGATED BY GUEST INDIVIDUALLY AND NOT AS A MEMBER OF ANY CLASS OR AS PART OF A CLASS ACTION. GUEST EXPRESSLY AGREES TO WAIVE AUTHORITY TO ARBITRATE CLAIMS ON A CLASS ACTION BASIS. IF GUEST’S CLAIM IS SUBJECT TO ARBITRATION UNDER CLAUSE 14(d) ABOVE, THE GUEST FURTHER AGREES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE CLASS ACTION WAIVER IS MATERIAL AND ESSENTIAL TO THE ARBITRATION OF ANY DISPUTES BETWEEN THE PARTIES AND IS NON-SEVERABLE FROM THE AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE CLAIMS. THE VALIDITY AND EFFECT OF THIS CLASS ACTION WAIVER MAY BE DETERMINED ONLY BY A JUDGE OR COURT OF LAW AND NOT BY AN ARBITRATOR. GUEST AGREES THAT THIS SECTION SHALL NOT BE SEVERABLE UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES FROM THE ARBITRATION CLAUSE SET FORTH IN SECTION 14 (d) ABOVE, AND IF FOR ANY REASON THIS CLASS ACTION WAIVER IS UNENFORCEABLE AS TO ANY PARTICULAR CLAIM, THEN AND ONLY THEN SUCH CLAIM SHALL NOT BE SUBJECT TO ARBITRATION. GUEST AGREES THAT CARNIVAL CAN RECEIVE IMMEDIATE JUDICIAL ASSISTANCE TO ENFORCE THIS CLASS ACTION WAIVER.
*This provision does not apply to Australian passengers or affect applicable rights under Australian consumer laws.
16. CARNIVAL’S USE OF GUEST’S LIKENESS
Each Guest grants Carnival and/or its promotional partners the exclusive right to include photographic, video and other visual portrayals of Guest in any medium of any nature whatsoever for any purpose including without limitation trade, advertising, sales, publicity or otherwise, without compensation to Guest, and all rights, title and interest therein (including all worldwide copyrights therein) shall be Carnival’s sole property, free from any claims by Guest or any person deriving any rights or interest from Guest. Each Guest understands and agrees that professional onboard photographers may photograph Guest, and that those photos may be processed, displayed and sold to Guests and others. For additional information regarding Carnival’s use of Guest’s likeness including use of facial recognition technology please refer to Clause 10(g) above.
17. GUEST’S USE OF PHOTOS, VIDEOS OR RECORDINGS PROHIBITED
Guest hereby expressly agrees that he/she will not utilize any tape recording, video, or photograph(s) of himself/herself, any other Guest, crew, or third party on board the Vessel, or depicting the Vessel, its design, equipment, or any part thereof whatsoever, for any commercial purpose or in any media broadcast, or for any other non-private use, without the express written consent of Carnival.  For the privacy of our guests and crew, Guest expressly agrees not to record or video interactions with other guests or crew without their express permission, and Guest further agrees that any use of video, photographic or recording equipment, including cell phones, in the medical center is expressly prohibited. Guest acknowledges that by boarding the Vessel, at any time, Guest irrevocably agrees to this provision, which is a condition precedent to being permitted on board the Vessel and can be enforced by any legal means, including, but not limited to, injunctive relief.
18. GUEST’S OBLIGATIONS FOR EXPENSES OR IF CONFINED, DENIED BOARDING OR DISEMBARKED
(a) Guest agrees if Carnival incurs any expense or sustains any damage as delineated in but not limited to Sections 2, 4, 5, 6, 9, 11 and this Clause, that Carnival may charge Guest’s onboard charge account for any expense incurred or damage sustained except as expressly set forth herein or as provided by law.
(b) If Guest is denied boarding, confined to a stateroom, or disembarked from the Vessel pursuant to any provision of this contract, including but not limited to Clauses 2, 4, 5, 6, 9, and 11, Guest agrees, except as expressly set forth herein or as provided by law:
i. Carnival will not be liable for any refund of and portion of the Total Cruise Price other compensation or any damages;
ii. Disembarkation and repatriation to the embarkation port or any other destination will be at Guest’s sole expense; and,
iii. To indemnify Carnival and that Carnival may charge Guest’s on-board charge account for any and all expenses incurred by Carnival in relation to Guest’s disembarkation and/or repatriation.
IMPORTANT TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NON-CRUISE PORTIONS OF VACATION PACKAGES PLEASE READ CAREFULLY
19.
Please see above for the applicable terms and conditions for the cruise portion of Guest’s vacations.  For avoidance of doubt, and unless specifically contradicted in Clauses 19 through 29, the above terms and conditions, including the terms and conditions in Clauses 12 through 15, which contain important limitations on the rights of guests to assert claims against Carnival , the Vessel, their agents and employees, and others, including forum selection, choice of law, time limitations for filing suit, arbitration, and waiver of jury trial for certain claims, cover Carrier’s Carnival vacation protection products, shore excursions, and  land and hotel packages. The terms and conditions in this paragraph apply only to Carnival’s responsibilities for non-cruise portions of vacation packages. Other terms and conditions with respect to air travel, hotel and other non-cruise activities may be applied by the entities providing those services.
20.
The payment of the required deposit or any partial or full payment for reservation of a land package before or after the cruise shall constitute acceptance and consent to all of the terms and conditions of this Contract and the General Information and Vacation Package Conditions and Restrictions contained on the website for such vacation package and/or the brochures and circulars of the suppliers. These provisions are hereby incorporated by reference in this Contract and vacation package Guests (hereinafter referred to as Guests) are advised to take note of them.
21.
For purposes of this paragraph “CARNIVAL” refers to Carnival Cruise Line, its affiliates, subsidiary companies, agents, servants, and employees. CARNIVAL is the principal tour operator and its responsibility to Guests is limited to the arrangement of all tours and accommodations offered in these vacation packages. CARNIVAL shall not be responsible for personal injuries, death, or property damage, economic loss, inconvenience or delay, consequential damages, or change of itinerary or accommodations incurred by any person or Guest which may occur due to acts or omissions or tortious conduct on the part of any direct or supplemental air carrier, hotel or other suppliers of arrangements and services or other independent contractors, their employees, agents or others not under the direct control of CARNIVAL.
22.
CARNIVAL reserves the right to decline to accept or to reject any person as a Guest, at any time, or to cancel a vacation package due to circumstances beyond the control of CARNIVAL.
23.
CARNIVAL reserves the right to substitute hotels for other hotels in a similar category, to substitute air carriers, and to change schedules without prior notice should circumstances so require.
24.
If a change in the itinerary is needed due to factors or conditions beyond CARNIVAL'S control, no refund or credit will be made, however, CARNIVAL will make an effort to provide accommodations and services of a comparable quality and standard as set forth on the website. Any such change shall not modify the cancellation provisions on the website.  No credit will be allowed, or refund given for any services provided on the website should any such services not be utilized by Participants.
25.
CARNIVAL makes no representations or warranties, implied or otherwise, in regard to the reliability of suppliers or independent contractors, nor does it assume a duty of safety or responsibility for the independent acts of suppliers, independent contractors, their employees or agents.
26.
Vacation packages are non-transferable. Fares shall be deemed to be earned when paid and non-refundable unless otherwise expressly stated in the cancellation provisions on the website.
27.
CARNIVAL shall not be liable for any claims whatsoever other than for personal injury, illness or death, of the Guest unless full particulars thereof in writing are given to CARNIVAL within 30 days after the Guest shall complete the packages, or in the case that the tour is abandoned, within 30 days thereafter. Suit to recover any claim shall not be maintainable in any event unless commenced within six months after the date of the loss.
28.
CARNIVAL shall not be liable for any claims whatsoever for personal injury, or illness or death of the Guest unless full particulars in writing are given to Carnival within 185 days after the date of the injury, event, illness, or death giving rise to the claim. Suit to recover on any such claim shall not be maintainable unless filed within one year after the date of the injury, event, illness or death, and unless served on Carnival within 120 days after filing.
29.
It is agreed by Guest and CARNIVAL that all disputes between Guest and CARNIVAL arising under or in connection with a vacation package shall be litigated, if at all, in and before the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida in Miami-Dade County, Florida, U.S.A., to the exclusion of the courts of any other state or county.
IMPORTANT ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CARNIVAL’S AIR PROGRAMS
30.
Arrangements by CARNIVAL: If you are participating in our FLY2FUN program, or FLY2FUN and Tour package, Carnival will arrange for air transportation from the select home cities offered to an airport near the departure point of your Cruise or Cruise tour and return air transportation from an airport near the termination point of your Cruise or Cruise tour to the home city from which you departed. Please refer to Carnival’s web page for additional information on our FLY2FUN program and destinations. Carnival reserves the right to add or withdraw an air city at any time but will attempt to accommodate those Guests under deposit or final payment. Air bookings are not guaranteed and are subject to air carrier’s availability and restrictions. Guest who purchased the FLY2FUN program will be responsible for securing their own hotel accommodations and will be responsible for hotel, taxes, porterage and transportation between the hotel and the airport/pier.
31.
Schedule Changes/Air Delays: Carnival strives to accommodate each Guest on flights that will ensure timely arrival and boarding of your ship. In the event that weather conditions or other flight changes delay the Guest’s arrival to the ship, Carnival, at its own expense, will make alternate flight, hotel and/or ground transportation arrangements to get the Guest to the port of embarkation in time to board the ship or to the first port of call, without violating the Jones Act. If no viable options are available to join the ship, Guest will be given a Future Cruise Credit to apply towards a future cruise. Carnival reserves the right to change or alter, without notice, flight arrangements in order to meet our ship departure and/or arrival times. Guest will be notified of flight re-accommodations.  If tickets have already been issued, Carnival will adjust your itinerary or air carrier accordingly and will notify Guests of any price adjustments that may be necessary.  If you choose to cancel your flight arrangements or alter your airline schedule in any way once your tickets have been issued you will be responsible for any additional cost or fees resulting from the cancellation or change, which can total up to the full cost of the ticket. If you request Carnival’s assistance with a change in airline arrangements, within 60 days of departure and you purchased FLY2FUN Flexible Fare program, a service fee of $200 USD, or its equivalent in foreign currency, will be levied in addition to any charges imposed by the airlines. If you purchased the FLY2FUN Restricted Fare program and you chose to make a change, all airline-imposed change fees will be levied regardless of when the change is made. If your flights are delayed, refer to
the Fly2Fun Page
(opens a
            new window)
.
32.
Refunds/Seat Assignments/Special Services/Fares/Lost Tickets/Baggage Charges:  Failure to use your FLY2FUN airline ticket/s results in a waiver of its value and any compensation; unused airline tickets are only refundable to Carnival.  Please note that because of changing airline tariffs, your actual air ticket may reflect fares higher or lower than the air add-on or cruise only credit amounts originally quoted. If so, the difference is neither chargeable nor refundable to you; you will be charged the amount originally quoted.  Carnival reserves the right to pass on to the Guest any cancellation or change penalties, which may total up to the amount originally quoted. It is your sole responsibility to re-confirm flight arrangements, within 48 hours of flight departure. Please note that although Carnival Cruise Line can pass requests for seat assignments, special meals and special assistance to the airlines, we cannot guarantee that such requests will be honored. For the best travel experience, we recommend that Guests or their travel agents contact the airlines directly to confirm these requests. Carnival is not responsible for airline schedule changes. Guests are responsible for luggage fees, excess luggage charges as well as any other charges imposed by airlines or airports. For additional information on airline’s baggage charges and fees please refer to
Airline Baggage FAQs
        page
(opens a new window)
, reference against the Travel Information page you received along with your cabin confirmation or the Travel Information page in your cruise document accessed through Manage My Cruise.
33.
Liability and Relationship with Airlines:  If Carnival is unable to arrange for air transportation for any cause beyond Carnival’s control, such as airline capacity controls, air transportation arranged is no longer available, or otherwise fails to materialize, Carnival’s sole liability will be limited to refunding the air add-on paid or cruise only credit. Carnival acts as an independent travel agent, and it is not affiliated with the airline carriers. Carnival books air as a convenience for the Guests. Carnival assumes no liability for any of the airlines’ acts or omissions, including, without limitation, those involving cancellation of flights, schedule changes, re-routings, damage to or delay or loss of baggage, flight delays, equipment failures, accidents, pilot or other staff shortages, overbooking or clerical/system errors. Your rights against the airlines are controlled and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the airline’s ticket and tariffs, and any and all applicable laws and regulations.
IMPORTANT ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR AUTO PAY OPTION
34.
This offer applies only to qualifying cruises, as determined solely by Carnival, where the "Auto Pay" option is made available during the booking process.
35.
This offer is not transferable and may not be combined with other offers.
36.
To be eligible for this offer, Guest must reside in the United States of America and must have a valid credit card associated with their Carnival.com account. Please note that Guests may not be able to use a debit card, PayPal, or ACH from a bank account (e.g., checking or savings account) to make payments under this program. This offer may not be available to every guest and may not be available for all qualifying cruises. In determining eligibility for this offer, Carnival reserves the right to consider, for each transaction, factors including Guest’s payment history and the nature and price of the cruise being reserved. Carnival will not use a credit report to determine eligibility for this offer.
37.
Carnival reserves the right to cancel this offer at any time.
38.
Guest will be charged the full price of the applicable deposit in one initial payment and the remainder in subsequent monthly payments (if the full price, including the Cruise Charges is not evenly divisible, Guest’s final payment amount may be smaller). No interest or finance charges apply to this offer. Any interest, finance charges or fees assessed by the issuer of the payment method to which payments are charged may still apply. Taxes may apply in certain jurisdictions. Each individual payment (both the initial deposit payment and each subsequent monthly payment) will be taxed separately (to the extent required by applicable law) such that total taxes assessed on the Cruise Charges and on taxable Fees under Auto Pay will be the same amount of taxes assessed if the total amount owed on the booking had been paid in full at the time of ticket purchase.
39.
Guest authorizes Carnival to charge each payment to the credit card associated with Guest’s Carnival.com account that was used to make the initial payment or, if Carnival is unable to complete a charge using such credit card, to any other credit card Guest has on file in Guest’s Carnival.com account. Guest agrees to maintain in their Carnival.com account at least one valid credit card that expires no earlier than 20 days after the last payment due date.
40.
Guest may prepay the full remaining balance of their purchase at any time and may also prepay any portion of the remaining balance. If Guest decides to prepay a portion of the remaining balance, then all remaining payments will be recalculated accordingly.
41.
If Carnival is not able to charge any payment to a credit card on file in Guest’s Carnival.com account, Carnival reserves the right to pursue any remedy available, including the right to cancel Guest’s reservation, as well as all remaining Guests in the same cabin. Guest agrees that Carnival and its affiliates have no liability related to the exercise of these remedies.
INTERNATIONAL CRUISE LINE PASSENGER BILL OF RIGHT
The Members of the Cruise Lines International Association are dedicated to the comfort and care of all passengers
        on oceangoing cruises throughout the world.  To fulfill this commitment, our Members have agreed to adopt
        the following set of passenger rights:
The right to disembark a docked ship if essential provisions such as food, water, restroom facilities and
            access to medical care cannot adequately be provided onboard, subject only to the Master’s concern for
            passenger safety and security and customs and immigration requirements of the port.
The right to a full refund for a trip that is canceled due to mechanical failures, or a partial refund for
            voyages that are terminated early due to those failures.
The right to have available on board ships operating beyond rivers or coastal waters full-time, professional
            emergency medical attention, as needed until shore side medical care becomes available.
The right to timely information updates as to any adjustments in the itinerary of the ship in the event of a
            mechanical failure or emergency, as well as timely updates of the status of efforts to address mechanical
            failures.
The right to a ship crew that is properly trained in emergency and evacuation procedures.
The right to an emergency power source in the case of a main generator failure.
The right to transportation to the ship’s scheduled port of disembarkation or the passenger’s
            home
            city in the event a cruise is terminated early due to mechanical failures.
The right to lodging if disembarkation and an overnight stay in an unscheduled port are required when a
            cruise
            is terminated early due to mechanical failures.
The right to have included on each cruise line’s website a toll-free phone line that can be used for
            questions or information concerning any aspect of shipboard operations.
The right to have this
Cruise Line Passenger Bill of Rights
published on each line’s website.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Please read these terms and conditions prior to using this site.
By using this site, you agree to the following terms and conditions:
OWNERSHIP AND RESTRICTIONS ON USE
This site is owned and operated by CARNIVAL CRUISE LINES ("CARNIVAL"). All materials contained in this site are
        the copyrighted property of CARNIVAL. No material from CARNIVAL.COM or any Web site owned, operated, licensed,
        or controlled by CARNIVAL collectively or any one of which is referred to as "the Carnival Sites" may be copied,
        reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way, except that you may download
        one copy of the materials on any single computer for your personal, non-commercial home use only, provided you
        keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. Modification of the materials or use of the materials
        for any other purpose is a violation of CARNIVAL's copyright and other proprietary rights. For purposes of these
        terms, the use of any such material on any other Web site or computer network environment is expressly
        prohibited. Carnival owns all right, title and interest in and to all trademarks, service marks, and trade names
        included in the Web Site. The Legal Notice section of this page provides additional information about
Carnival’s copyright, trademark and
            other intellectual property rights
.
To the extent the Web Site provides interactive capabilities that allow you to submit information or data on the
        Web Site, you expressly acknowledge you may not upload to, distribute through, or otherwise publish through the
        Carnival Sites any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, threatening, invasive of
        privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable that would constitute or encourage a
        criminal offense, violate the rights of any party, or that would otherwise give rise to liability or violates
        any law.
By uploading or submitting any materials to us, you automatically grant (or warrant that the owner of such
        rights has expressly granted) us a perpetual, royalty-free, irrevocable, non-exclusive right and license to use,
        reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from and distribute such materials or
        incorporate such materials into any form, medium, or technology now known or later developed throughout the
        universe. In addition, you warrant that all so-called "moral rights" in those materials have been waived.
Any personal information you provide to us while registering on CARNIVAL.COM, BOOKCCL.COM or when using
        CARNIVAL.COM will be used by Carnival in accordance with Carnival’s
Privacy
            Notice
. Non-personal information you send or communicate to us, such as questions, comments or
        inquiries, will be not considered personal information and therefore will not be subject to our Privacy Notice.
        Accordingly, Carnival may use any such non-personal information you supply to us, which may include, but is not
        limited to, any inventions, ideas, concepts or know-how, without restriction or liability.
REGISTRATION, PASSWORD AND SECURITY
When you register with CARNIVAL.COM, you will create a login name and a password in completing the registration
        process and will provide us with certain information. It is your responsibility to provide us with true and
        accurate information during the registration process. Carnival will accept your information as it is provided to
        us. We will not verify the truth, accuracy or completeness of your information and we expressly disclaim any
        liability in connection therewith. You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your
        password and account, and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account. It
        is also your sole obligation to immediately notify Carnival of any unauthorized use of your account or any other
        breach of security.
MODIFICATION OF TERMS
Carnival reserves the right to change, modify, add, or remove portions of these terms at any time at our
        discretion. You may check these terms periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Carnival Sites
        subsequent to the revisions of these terms (including the CARNIVAL.COM Privacy Notice and Terms and Conditions
        applicable to Carnival's Internet Booking Application) means you accept those changes.
TERMINATION
These terms are effective until terminated by CARNIVAL, for any reason, with or without notice. Upon
        termination, you must destroy all materials obtained from the Carnival Sites and all copies thereof, whether
        made under the terms of these terms or otherwise.
LINKS
Carnival, at its discretion, may provide links to other web sites or resources or allow third party web sites to
        link to CARNIVAL.COM. Because Carnival has no control over such web sites or resources, you expressly understand
        and agree that Carnival is not responsible in any way or form for the contents, products, advertising,
        materials, services or resources contained on any other web sites and Carnival does not endorse or sponsor any
        third party web sites. Carnival is not responsible or liable, whether directly or indirectly, for any damage,
        loss or claims by or in connection with your use or reliance on any content, products, advertising, materials,
        services or resources available on or through such web sites.
DISCLAIMER
THE MATERIALS IN THIS SITE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. TO
        THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, CARNIVAL DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR
        IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
        PURPOSE. CARNIVAL DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE MATERIALS WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR
        ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THIS SITE OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF
        VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. CARNIVAL DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OR
        THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF THE MATERIALS IN THIS SITE IN TERMS OF THEIR CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, OR
        OTHERWISE. YOU (AND NOT CARNIVAL) ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR, OR CORRECTION.
        APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
        CARNIVAL ADDITIONALLY DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE ACCURACY OF FARES AND PRICES
        (COLLECTIVELY, “FARES”) ADVERTISED ON THE CARNIVAL SITES AND SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR OR OBLIGATED TO HONOR
        ERRONEOUS OR INACCURATE FARES.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE, SHALL CARNIVAL BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL OR
        CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OF, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, THE MATERIALS IN THIS SITE, EVEN IF
        CARNIVAL OR A CARNIVAL AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. APPLICABLE
        LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY OR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE
        LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN NO EVENT SHALL CARNIVAL'S TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL
        DAMAGES, LOSSES, AND CAUSES OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE), OR
        OTHERWISE) EXCEED THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU, IF ANY, FOR ACCESSING THIS SITE.
JURISDICTION
This site is controlled and operated by CARNIVAL from its offices within the State of Florida, United States of
        America. CARNIVAL makes no representation that materials in the site are appropriate or available for use in
        other locations. These terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of
        Florida, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law. You agree that any action at law or in
        equity arising out of or relating to these terms shall be filed only in the state or federal courts located in
        Miami-Dade County and you hereby consent and submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purposes
        of litigating any such action.
SHORE EXCURSION IMPORTANT CONDITIONS
Please read the following information before ordering any shore excursions online. These conditions are binding
        once you purchase any shore excursion provided by independent tour operators through Carnival. The deadline for
        making shore excursion bookings online is 3 days prior to sailing, unless otherwise noted in the shore excursion
        description. All of the shore excursions listed on the carnival.com website may not be available for every
        cruise itinerary.
All excursions are subject to change without notice. Descriptions, departure times, itineraries, pricing and
        locations may be altered and may vary due to unforeseen circumstances. Descriptions and excursion lengths are
        all based on approximate times and predetermined points of interest. Changes may be unavoidable and can be made
        at the tour operator’s sole discretion. Departure times and meeting places will be printed on the shore
        excursion ticket. As a delay may result in a missed excursion or interfere with the excursion’s normal
        operation, guests are required to report to the specified location, at the designated departure time.
You will be required to pay for your shore excursion order in full using our secure online credit card
        processing. You will receive instant online confirmation that your order has been paid in full. Your tickets
        will be delivered to your cabin prior to embarkation.
Shore Excursion Cancellation and Refund Policy
Shore excursions may be cancelled by Carnival or the Tour Operator due to inclement weather conditions, or any
        other reason whatsoever. In which case, and as your sole recourse, full refunds will be made to guests who have
        purchased cancelled excursions.
Excursions may be canceled or modified depending on the number of guests participating. Some excursions require
        a minimum number of guests to operate. If this minimum is not met, excursions may be cancelled by the Tour
        Operator and full refunds will be issued.
For online cancellations that occur outside the cut-off window, 3 days prior to sailing, a full refund will
        automatically be posted to the credit card that was used to pay for the shore excursion order. Please allow 5-7
        business days for the credit to post to your account. No changes can be made within the cut-off window. If you
        need to make changes after the cut-off date, you must wait until sailing and see the Shore Excursion Manager
        onboard. In the event of a cruise booking cancellation within the cut-off window, a full refund will
        automatically be posted to the credit card used to pay for the order.
If the designated contact person on a shore excursion order must cancel from their cruise booking and the
        remaining guests who are sailing would like to retain the shore excursion order, a new contact person needs to
        be assigned. If a designated contact person cancels and does not reassign the responsibility, the associated
        shore excursion orders will automatically cancel and be refunded.
Once onboard, cancellations are subject to a 25% cancellation charge. However, within 24 hours of arrival in
        port, all shore excursion orders are non-refundable. A refund, less any applicable cancellation charges, will be
        applied to the designated contact person’s sail and sign account. Carnival will only offer shipboard
        credit for shore excursion order refunds, but note any credit not utilized by the end of your cruise will be
        refunded via check to the order’s designated contact person on the morning of debarkation.
Guests are encouraged to purchase Carnival’s Cruise Vacation Protection Plan to cover any eligible
        non-refundable shore excursion cancellation charges.
Responsibility
Carnival is not responsible for any losses, damage, death, injuries, or claims whatsoever arising from,
        connected with, or related to any activities engaged in by guests while off Carnival’s ships or water
        shuttles in any port of call. This includes all shore excursions, whether booked online, sold onboard or sold by
        third parties ashore. Guests engage in all such activities off the ship at their own risk.
Carnival acts only as an agent for the independent tour operators supplying excursions or services. Independent
        contractors operate all shore excursions, including any related transportation. Carnival neither supervises nor
        controls their actions, nor makes any representation either expressed or implied as to their suitability.
        Carnival sells tickets for all excursions as a convenience to guests only. Tour operators, transportation
        providers, and their employees are neither agents nor employees of Carnival, notwithstanding their use of any
        signage or clothing which may contain the name “Carnival” or other related trade names or logos. It
        is understood and agreed that Carnival assumes no responsibility for, nor guarantees performance of, and in no
        event shall be liable for, any loss, damage, injury, or death in connection with said excursions or
        transportation. Please review your ticket for further information regarding your rights and obligations as well
        as those of Carnival.
Excursions/Tours & Activities not Sold by Carnival
Carnival recommends that guests do not engage in excursions, tours or activities that are not sold through
        Carnival as Carnival has no familiarity whatsoever with these services or their operations.
Restrictions
Please note that there are certain restrictions based on age, health, weight and/or height, which have been
        imposed by the individual excursion operators for your own safety. Carnival urges you to abide by them.
Tour operators have the right to require any individual to withdraw from an excursion at any time if they deem
        that individual’s conduct detrimental to or incompatible with the interests, comfort, well-being or
        harmony of the group as a whole. Tour operators reserve the right to alter or adjust excursions to meet local
        conditions for participant safety and convenience. Neither Carnival nor local tour operators will extend
        financial reimbursement to compensate for a guest’s disappointment in the event that circumstances beyond
        the reasonable control of Carnival or the tour operator make it impossible to provide services as
        intended.
Helicopter Weight Policy
The Federal Aviation Administration requires guests’ weights and names for weight and balance calculations
        as well as flight manifesting. Any guest whose weight is 250 pounds or more will be required to purchase a seat
        and a half. You must purchase the specific helicopter excursion for guests over 250 pounds or you will be
        refused service. Once onboard you may see the Shore Excursion Manager for assistance.
Pricing
Prices for shore excursions are quoted per person, in U.S. dollars and are subject to change without notice.
        Prices also vary by departure date and time and are capacity controlled. Some restrictions may apply. Most
        prices include transportation and when noted, meals, refreshments, guides and entrance fees. On snorkeling,
        scuba and golf excursions, only the equipment specified is included in the price. Some fishing excursions,
        particularly in Alaska, require the purchase of a fishing license, unless otherwise noted. Please see
Fishing Policies
.
Children three years old or less, who do not occupy a seat, will not be charged and do not require a ticket
        unless noted in the shore excursion description. Children between the ages of 4 to 12 years and teens between
        the ages of 13 to 18 years will be charged full adult price or special child/teen prices, when applicable and
        noted. Guests under 18 years of age must be accompanied by an adult to participate in shore excursions. Some
        excursions require a minimum age to participate and will be noted accordingly.
Fishing Policies
Alaska State law requires a valid one-day fishing license, which may be purchased from your excursion boat
        captain. In addition, during King Salmon season, you are also required to purchase a King Salmon license.
        Children 12 and under are required to wear life jackets at all times while onboard the fishing boat. Children
        must weigh 40 pounds or more to fit the life jacket and participate in the fishing excursion.
Personal Possessions
Neither Carnival, nor the Tour Operators will be responsible for personal possessions. Do not leave your
        possessions unattended at any time, either in the vehicles in which you are traveling or otherwise. Remember
        coats, umbrellas, cameras, handbags, wallets, traveling bags, binoculars, and similar items remain, at all times
        throughout the shore excursion, under the guest’s custody and control.
Transportation
Guests should consider that standards of transportation vary considerably throughout the world. Air-conditioned
        motorcoaches are not available in many areas. In some destinations, local buses are the best available. Guests
        wishing to travel with friends should all leave the ship together, as this will help the shore excursion staff
        allocate sufficient space in the same vehicle.
Please note that motorcoaches and other forms of transportation may require guests to climb 2 to 3 steps. Most,
        but not all motorcoaches, can accommodate collapsible wheelchairs. Staff is not obligated to lift guests into or
        out of vehicles. Transportation via water shuttle may prevent guests in wheelchairs from going ashore at certain
        ports of call. For further information about specific excursions’ transportation accessibility, please
        look for the accessibility advisories online, represented by a blue wheelchair icon or see the Shore Excursion
        Manager onboard.
Required Documentation & Identification
Please note that travel documentation requirements vary by destination and change often. It is the
        responsibility of the guest to provide valid travel and medical history documents required for air travel,
        debarkation at various ports of call and re-entry into the appropriate country of origin.
Your Sail & Sign Card will serve as your identification card when you re-board the ship in a port of call.
        Remember to take it with you whenever you go ashore. You will be required to show it to a Carnival security
        officer in order to re-board the ship.
THE FUN SHOPS ONLINE IMPORTANT CONDITIONS
Please read the following information before ordering anything from The Fun Shops online. All online orders are
        subject to these shopping terms & conditions.
All orders are accepted up to and no later than two days prior to debarkation date. Prices and deadlines are
        subject to change without notice. Holidays and changes in the itineraries may cause shorter deadlines. Some
        products, such as flowers, are time sensitive and must be ordered within a specific time frame prior to sailing
        (varies by ship port). ALL ORDERS MUST BE PREPAID. In the event an item is not available at the time of sailing,
        an item of equal value will be substituted. The Fun Shops Online products may be subject to sales tax depending
        on the location of delivery.
Alcohol Orders
Alcohol orders are not permitted to be taken to any location outside of the approved delivery locations
        specified for those products at checkout. This program is designed for in-cabin entertaining or in-dining
        consumption only. Consumption in public areas is strictly prohibited.
Cruise Cash
Cruise Cash provides an immediate credit to a guest's onboard Sail & Sign account. Although the cruise cash
        cannot be redeemed for cash, the cruise cash is a non-refundable credit that can enhance a guest’s
        cruising experience; the credit can be applied to cover charges to their onboard account, including taxes and
        gratuity charges. The total amount of the Cruise Cash purchased must be used in a single voyage, cannot be
        transferred to any future booking, and any unused credits will be forfeited.
Cruise Cash Bar
Cruise Cash Bar provides an immediate credit to a guest's Sail & Sign onboard account; this credit can be
        applied to cover any bar purchase, including CHEERS, alcoholic drinks, juice, soda, water, and coffee shop
        charges. Cruise Cash Bar is valid for a single voyage and cannot be transferred to future bookings. Cruise Cash
        Bar is non-refundable and any unused credits will be forfeited.
Cruise Cash Photo
Cruise Cash Photo provides an immediate credit to a guest's Sail & Sign onboard account; this credit can be
        applied toward Photo purchases. This credit is good for any photo department charge made to their account
        including photos, camera batteries, cameras, and photo albums. Cruise Cash Photo is valid for a single voyage
        and cannot be transferred to future bookings. Cruise Cash Photo is non-refundable and any unused credits will be
        forfeited.
Build-A-Bear Workshop Cruise Cash
Build-A-Bear Workshop Cruise Cash provides an immediate credit to a guest's onboard Sail & Sign account, which may be applied toward Build-A-Bear Workshop purchases. Charges for Camp Ocean™ and Night Owls™ services may diminish or fully deplete the Build-A-Bear Workshop Cruise Cash credit amount if such charges are made prior to use at Build-A-Bear Workshop at Sea. Build-A-Bear Workshop Cruise Cash is only valid for a single voyage and cannot be transferred to future bookings. Build-A-Bear Workshop Cruise Cash is non-refundable, not redeemable for cash, non-transferrable and any unused credits at the end of the voyage will be forfeited. Build-A-Bear Workshop Cruise Cash is only for onboard use and cannot be redeemed in land-based Build-A-Bear Workshop stores or online.
OTHER
If any provision of these terms shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision
        shall be deemed severable from these terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining
        provisions. This is the entire agreement between us relating to the subject matter herein and shall not be
        modified except in writing, signed by all parties.
MOBILE APPLICATION TERMS & CONDITIONS
Effective Date: May 25, 2018
CARNIVAL MOBILE APPLICATION
INTRODUCTION AND OVERVIEW
PARENTAL CONSENT
1. THE APPLICATION
2. LICENSE GRANT AND USE RESTRICTIONS
3. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
4. NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR THIRD PARTY CONTENT AND SERVICES
5. ACCOUNTS, PROFILES AND SOCIAL FEATURES
6. PURCHASE OF CHAT SUBSCRIPTION
7. TERM AND TERMINATION
8. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
9. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
10. INDEMNIFICATION
11. DISPUTE RESOLUTION BY BINDING ARBITRATION
12. MISCELLANEOUS
Third Party Terms [APPLE, GOOGLE]
If you'd like to review our Privacy Notice for Mobile Apps, please refer to
Carnival's Privacy Notice.
End User License Agreement for CARNIVAL MOBILE APPLICATION
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE, DO NOT CLICK THE
        “ACCEPT” BUTTON OR DOWNLOAD, INSTALL OR USE THE APPLICATION.
Back to top
Introduction and Overview
Please read this end user software license agreement (“License”) carefully before clicking the
        “Accept” button or downloading or using the Carnival Mobile Application (“Application”
        or “App”).  As used herein, “Application” includes, without limitation, any
        services specific to the Application, software code, scripts, interfaces, graphics, displays, text, images,
        artwork, music or video clips, documentation and other components or content and any updates, modifications or
        enhancements to these items accompanying the Application or this License.  These terms are an
        agreement between You and Carnival Cruise Lines (“Carnival,” “us,” and
        “our”) and its affiliates (individually and collectively,
        “Carnival”).  “You,” “Your” and “Licensee” in this
        License refer to You, an individual, and/or to the company or other legal entity on whose behalf You accept
        this License.
TO USE MANY OF THE FEATURES OF THIS APP, YOU MUST BE ON BOARD A CARNIVAL VESSEL.
This Application is licensed to You by Carnival for use strictly in accordance with the terms and conditions of
        this License.
By clicking the “accept” button or downloading or using the Application, You are entering
            into and agreeing to be bound by the terms of this License, the Carnival Terms and Conditions located on the
Terms and Conditions
page, and the Carnival
            Privacy Notice located on the
Privacy Notice page
; each as
            amended from time to time, and which policies are incorporated herein by reference.
If there are
        any inconsistencies between this License and the Carnival Terms and Conditions, this License takes precedence
        with respect to the Application. If at any time after reviewing the Application You wish to terminate this
        License, You must un-install and remove the Application from Your Device, and delete any copy of the Application
        in Your possession.
Your use of the Application also may be governed by terms and conditions required by (i) any applicable third
        party content and service providers, (ii) the manufacturer and other providers of Your Device and its hardware
        and software components, including its operating system, (iii) the online store or other applicable distributor
        through which You obtain the Application, (iv) the applicable wireless service agreement for Your Device, (v)
        any applicable open source or third party software license, and (vi) the terms or conditions governing Your
        personal accounts for web content services You access through the Application ((i) through (vi), including
        without limitation those terms listed in the “Third Party Terms” section of this License,
        collectively being referred to as the “Related Agreements”). No Related Agreement, however, shall
        have the effect of limiting, encumbering or otherwise restricting Carnival’s rights and remedies or Your
        obligations under this License, or waiving any restrictions on Your rights to use the Application under this
        License. This License shall not have the effect of limiting, encumbering or otherwise restricting
        Carnival’s rights and remedies or Your obligations under any Related Agreement between You and Carnival,
        or waiving any restrictions on Your rights under any Related Agreement between You and Carnival. You understand
        and agree that even if You are not the account-holder for Your Device, Your purchase and use of the Application
        is governed by terms and conditions in the applicable service wireless service agreement for Your Device.
If Carnival makes any updates or upgrades to the Application available to You, such updates or upgrades shall be
        subject to the terms and conditions of this License unless the Application is expressly provided to You under
        other, or additional terms and conditions, in which case, those other, or additional terms and conditions (which
        may include the payment of additional fees), shall apply.
Back to top
IF YOU ARE BETWEEN THE AGES OF THIRTEEN (13) AND
            SEVENTEEN (17), YOU MAY USE THIS APPLICATION ONLY WITH THE INVOLVEMENT OF A PARENT OR GUARDIAN WHO AGREES TO
            THESE TERMS AND TO BE RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR USE.
IF YOU ARE UNDER THE AGE OF 13, YOU MAY ONLY USE THIS APPLICATION WITH THE
EXPRESS CONSENT OF YOUR
                PARENT OR LEGAL GUARDIAN
.
Your Parent or Legal Guardian can provide Carnival with their consent in the following ways:
Using a credit card, debit card, or other online payment system that provides notification
            of each separate transaction to the account holder;
Providing consent when granting You authority to make charges to Your parent’s Sail
            & Sign account;
If onboard a Carnival Vessel, providing a copy of a form of government issued ID to Guest
            Services.
Each time You access and/or use the Application (other than to simply read the terms and conditions of this
        License), You agree to be bound by and comply with the terms and conditions of this License, the Carnival Terms
        and Conditions, the Carnival Mobile App Privacy Notice and any other applicable terms and conditions set forth
        in any Related Agreements.
DO NOT USE THIS APPLICATION IF YOU DO NOT AGREE.
The business realities associated with operating the Application are such that, without the conditions that are
        set forth in this License – such as Your grants and waivers of rights, the limitations on our liability,
        and Your indemnity to us – we would not make the Application available to You.
THIS LICENSE IS SUBJECT TO THE ARBITRATION PROVISION INCLUDED IN SECTION 11 OF THIS LICENSE.
Back to top
1. THE APPLICATION:
In order to access the
        Application while aboard Carnival Vessels (“Vessels”), You will need access to the unsecured
        Carnival Wi-Fi Service (“Wi-Fi”). Please review the Terms of Service & Acceptable Use Policy for
        the Carnival Wi-Fi Service onboard prior to accessing Wi-Fi.
The Application allows You to effortlessly find up-to-date information about Your Carnival cruise:
Before check-in, countdown to Your cruise and share the application with Your friends.
After check-in, when You log in with WiFi, You will be able to access information regarding
            onboard activities, restaurants, menus, open times, entertainment, ports of call, spa
            services, and shopping.
You can also:
Create an online profile. You can choose an avatar from Facebook or Your phone image library
            and whether to make Your profile public or private.
View ship messages and announcements
See what's happening every minute of every day
Save favorite activities to one convenient list
If You purchase the Application Chat function, You can add other cruisers who have also
            purchased the Application Chat function to Your contacts and Chat with them during Your
            cruise.
Voice, data and messaging rates may apply when You use this Application.
1.1 CONSENT TO USE LOCATION INFORMATION
: By using this Application, You agree that Carnival may
        collect and share Your Location Information for such purpose. If You do not want Your Location Information
        collected either do not download/use the Application or You may modify Your Device settings to disable
        collection of Your Location Information.
1.2 CONSENT TO DISCLOSE PERSONAL INFORMATION:
This Application allows You to create a Profile in
        which You can share Your name, Your cruise itinerary, plans, and other information regarding Your cruise. This
        Application also allows You to view some of the Personal Information of the contact that You add to Your
        Profile. In addition, if You elect to purchase the Application Chat function, You can communicate with contacts
        that You add to Your profile. You and the contact with whom You communicate will be able to view past Chats. You
        consent to the display of Your personal information, including without limitation Your name, photo, or other
        information, by the Application.
Back to top
2. LICENSE GRANT AND USE RESTRICTIONS.
2.1 License Grant.
Subject to the restrictions set forth in Section 2.2, Carnival grants You a
        personal, revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right to install and use one copy of the
        Application on a single device owned and controlled by You (“Device”), and to access and use the
        Application on such Device solely for Your personal entertainment use, strictly in accordance with the terms and
        conditions of this License, the Related Agreements, and all applicable local, national, and international laws
        and regulations.  You represent, warrant and agree that You are using the Application solely
        for Your own personal entertainment use and not for redistribution or transfer of any kind.
2.2
Restrictions on Use.
You shall not: (a) decompile, reverse engineer,
        disassemble, attempt to derive the source code of, or decrypt the Application, even for research purposes; (b)
        make any modification, adaptation, improvement, enhancement, translation or derivative work from the
        Application; (c) violate any applicable laws, rules or regulations in connection with Your access or use of the
        Application; (d) remove, alter or obscure any proprietary notice (including any notice of copyright or
        trademark) of Carnival or its collaborators, suppliers or licensors; (e) use the Application in a manner that
        derives revenue directly from such use, or use the Application for any other purpose for which it is not
        designed or intended; (f) install, use or permit the Application to exist on more than one Device at a time or
        on any other mobile device or computer; (g) distribute the Application to multiple Devices; (h) make the
        Application available over a network or other environment permitting access or use by multiple Devices or users
        at the same time; (i) use the Application for creating a product, service or software that is, directly or
        indirectly, competitive with or in any way a substitute for any services, product or software offered by
        Carnival; (j) use the Application to send automated queries to any website or to send any unsolicited commercial
        e-mail; (k) use any proprietary information or interfaces of Carnival or other intellectual property of Carnival
        in the design, development, manufacture, licensing or distribution of any applications, accessories or devices
        for use with the Application; (l) circumvent, disable or tamper with any security-related components or other
        protective measures applicable to the Application or the Device or (m) reproduce, archive, retransmit,
        distribute, disseminate, sell, lease, rent, exchange, modify, broadcast, synchronize, publicly perform, publish,
        publicly display, make available to third parties, transfer or circulate the Application. You agree to abide by
        the rules and policies established from time to time by Carnival. Such rules and policies may include, for
        example, required or automated updates, modifications, and/or reinstallations of the Application and obtaining
        available patches to address security, interoperability or performance issues. These obligations survive
        termination of this License.
Back to top
3. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS.
3.1 Rights to Application.
You acknowledge and agree that the Application, any copies thereof
        (including without limitation any copy that You download, install, or use on Your Device), and all copyrights,
        patents, trademarks, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights associated therewith are, and shall
        remain, the property of Carnival or its collaborators, licensors, or suppliers.  Furthermore, You
        acknowledge and agree that the source and object code of the Application and the format, directories, queries,
        algorithms, structure and organization of the Application are the intellectual property and proprietary and
        confidential information of Carnival and its collaborators, licensors and suppliers. Title to the Application
        shall remain with Carnival. Carnival and its collaborators, licensors, and suppliers reserve the right to
        change, suspend, terminate, remove, impose limits on the use of or access to, disable access to, or require the
        return of the Application (or any copy thereof) at any time without notice and will have no liability for doing
        so. Except as expressly stated in this License, You are not granted any intellectual property rights in or to
        the Application by implication, estoppel or other legal theory, and all rights in and to the Application not
        expressly granted in this License are hereby reserved and retained by Carnival.These obligations survive
        termination of this License.
3.2 Carnival Marks.
Carnival owns all right, title and interest in and to all trademarks,
        service marks, and trade names included in the Application. For additional information about Carnival’s
        copyright, trademark and other intellectual property rights, please visit
Carnival's Legal
            Copyright & Trademark page
. You are not authorized to use the Carnival Marks in any advertising,
        publicity or in any other commercial manner without the prior written consent of Carnival, which may be withheld
        for any or no reason. These obligations survive termination of this License.
3.3 Open Source Software
. The Application may utilize or include third party software that is
        subject to open source license terms (“Open Source Software”). You acknowledge and agree that Your
        right to use such Open Source Software as part of the Application is subject to and governed by the terms and
        conditions of any applicable open source license, including, without limitation, any applicable
        acknowledgements, license terms and disclaimers contained therein (collectively, the “Open Source License
        Terms”). In the event of a conflict between the terms of this License and the Open Source License Terms,
        the Open Source License Terms shall control.
Back to top
4. NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR THIRD PARTY CONTENT AND SERVICES.
4.1 General.
You acknowledge that the Application may permit access to products, services,
        websites, advertisements, promotions, recommendations, advice, information, and materials created and provided
        by advertisers, publishers, content collaborators, marketing agents, vendors and other third parties
        (“Third Party Content and Services”).
4.2 Disclaimer.
You acknowledge that Carnival does not investigate, monitor, represent or
        endorse the Third Party Content and Services (including any third party websites accessed through the
        Application). Furthermore, Your access to and use of the Third Party Content and Services is at Your sole
        discretion and risk, and Carnival shall have no liability to You arising out of or in connection with Your
        access to and use of the Third Party Content and Services. Third parties may collect information
        about You and Your Device if You choose to use Third Party Content and Services.  Carnival and
        its collaborators, suppliers, and licensors are not responsible for third parties’ data collection
        practices.  Carnival encourages You to review the third parties’ privacy policies.
4.3 Third Party Terms of Service.
You acknowledge and agree that Your access to and use of the
        Third Party Content and Services and any correspondence or business dealings between You and any third party
        using the Application are governed by and require Your acceptance of the terms of service of such third party,
        including, without limitation, any terms, privacy policies, conditions, representations, warranties or
        disclaimers contained therein. You assume all risks arising out of or resulting from Your transaction of
        business over the Internet and with any third party, and You agree that Carnival and its collaborators,
        suppliers, and licensors are not responsible or liable for any loss or result of the presence of information
        about or links to such advertisers or service providers. Furthermore, You acknowledge and agree that this
        License does not grant You any license to (i) the Third Party Content and Services; (ii) any products, services,
        processes or technology described in or offered by the Third Party Content and Services; or (iii) any copyright,
        trademark, patent or other intellectual property right in the Third Party Content or Services or any products,
        services, processes or technology described or offered therein. You agree that You will not use Third Party
        Content or Services in a manner that would infringe or violate the rights of any other party, and that Carnival
        and its collaborators, suppliers, and licensors are not in any way responsible for any such use by You.
4.4 Endorsements.
You acknowledge and agree that the provision of access to any Third Party
        Content and Service shall not constitute or imply any endorsement by Carnival of such Third Party Content and
        Services.Carnival reserves the right to restrict or deny access to any Third Party Content and Services
        otherwise accessible through the Application, although Carnival has no obligation to restrict or deny access
        even if requested by You.
4.5 Inaccurate or Inappropriate Materials.
You understand that by accessing and using the Third
        Party Content and Services, You may encounter information, materials and subject matter (i) that are incomplete
        or inaccurate; (ii) that You or others may deem offensive, indecent, or objectionable; (iii) which may or may
        not be identified as having explicit language, and (iv) that automatically and unintentionally appears in search
        results, as a link or reference to objectionable material.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, You agree
        to use the Third Party Content and Services at Your sole risk and that Carnival and its collaborators,
        suppliers, and licensors shall have no liability to You for information, material or subject matter that is
        found to be incomplete, inaccurate, offensive, indecent, or objectionable.
Back to top
5. ACCOUNTS, PROFILES AND SOCIAL FEATURES
5.1 Accounts
. In order to access or use the features on the Service, You must be onboard a
        Vessel. The Application’s practices governing any resulting collection and use of Your personal
        information are disclosed in its Privacy Notice.
IF YOU ARE UNDER THE AGE OF THIRTEEN (13) THEN CARNIVAL
            MUST OBTAIN VERIFIABLE CONSENT FROM YOUR PARENTS BEFORE YOU CAN REGISTER AS A USER, CREATE A PROFILE PAGE,
            SUBMIT PERSONAL INFORMATION TO US, OR OTHERWISE USE THIS APPLICATION. FOR INFORMATION ON THIS PROCESS, SEE
            GUEST SERVICES ON BOARD.
Your username will be your cruise Folio number and Your password will be the month and day of your birth (mm/dd)
        and You agree that: (i) You will not use a username (or e-mail address) that is already being used by someone
        else, may impersonate another person, belongs to another person, violates the intellectual property or other
        right of any person or entity, or is offensive. We may reject the use of any password, username, or e-mail
        address for any other reason in our sole discretion; (ii) You will provide true, accurate, current, and complete
        registration information about Yourself in connection with the registration process and, as permitted, to
        maintain and update it including on Your Profile Page, continuously and promptly to keep it accurate, current,
        and complete; (iii) You are solely responsible for all activities that occur under Your account, password, and
        username – whether or not You authorized the activity; (iv) You are solely responsible for maintaining the
        confidentiality of Your password and for restricting access to Your Device so that others may not access any
        password protected portion of the Application using Your name, username, or password; (v) You will immediately
        notify us of any unauthorized use of Your account, password, or username, or any other breach of security; (vi)
        You will not defame, stalk, bully, abuse, harass, threaten, impersonate or intimidate people or entities and You
        will not post private or confidential information via the App, including, without limitation, Your or any other
        person's credit card information, social security or alternate national identity numbers, non-public phone
        numbers or non-public email addresses; (vii) You will not use the App for any illegal or unauthorized purpose.
        You agree to comply with all laws, rules and regulations (for example, federal, state, local and provincial)
        applicable to Your use of the App and your Content (defined below), including but not limited to, copyright
        laws; (viii) You will not interfere or disrupt the App or servers or networks connected to the App, including by
        transmitting any worms, viruses, spyware, malware or any other code of a destructive or disruptive nature; and
        (ix) You will not sell, transfer, or assign Your account or any account rights.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage (of any kind and under any legal theory) to You or any third party
        arising from Your inability or failure for any reason to comply with any of the foregoing obligations.
If any information that You provide, or if we have reasonable grounds to suspect that any information that You
        provide, is false, inaccurate, outdated, incomplete, or violates any applicable terms or conditions or law, then
        we may suspend or terminate Your account. We also reserve the more general and broad right to terminate Your
        account or suspend or otherwise deny You access to it or its benefits – all in our sole discretion, for
        any reason, and without advance notice or liability.
Back to top
5.2 Profiles
. When You are on board Your Vessel, You can create a Profile. To create a Profile,
        You must be logged in to the Vessel’s Wi-Fi. Click
here
for
        terms and conditions related to the Carnival Wi-Fi Service. You must enter Your cruise Folio number, and the
        month and day of Your birth (
mm/dd
). You may be able to create a nickname and/or choose a profile
        picture. However, if You choose to submit photographs to the Application or include other images of real people,
        then make sure they are of You or of You and someone You know – and only if You have their express
        permission to submit it. EACH MEMBER OF YOUR TRAVELING PARTY MUST CREATE HIS OR HER OWN PROFILE IN ORDER TO
        ACCESS THE APP AND RELATED SERVICES.
Without limiting the foregoing, Profile Pages may not include content that You are attempting to sell through the
        Application, and cannot be used to conduct commercial activities, including, but not limited to, transactions,
        advertising, fundraising, contests or other promotions absent our prior written consent. We may offer You the
        ability to set preferences relating to Your profile or Application activities, but settings may not become
        effective immediately or be error free, and options may change from time-to-time. We assume no responsibility or
        liability for users’ Profile material.
We do not review Profile Pages to determine if they were created by an authorized person or an appropriate party,
        and we are not responsible for any unauthorized Profile Pages that may appear on the Application. If there is
        any dispute as to whether a Profile Page has been created or is being maintained by an authorized representative
        of the individual who is the subject of that Profile Page, then we shall have the sole right, but are not
        obligated, to resolve such dispute as we determine is appropriate in our sole discretion. Such resolution may
        include, without limitation, deleting or disabling access to Profile Pages, or any portion thereof, at any time
        without notice.
Back to top
5.3 Family and Friends
. The Family and Friends feature allows You to plan Your shipboard
        activities with Your Family and Friends and other guests and to Chat with each other with the Chat function.
        Each person must purchase their own subscription for the Carnival Chat function in order to utilize this
        feature. You can add family members and friends to Your contacts. Family and Friends can share itinerary and
        activity information.
To invite Family or Friends who have their own App Profiles, You will need to sign in to the App and send Your
        Family Member or Friend an invitation to their e-mail address. When a Family Member or Friend accepts Your
        information, that person can see Your name or nickname, Your Profile photograph, and Your entire trip itinerary.
        Family and Friends who are on Your reservation will also be able to see Your reservation information.
Your Family Members and/or Friends may also send You an invitation. You acknowledge that by sending and/or
        accepting an invitation to connect on the App, You authorize that Family Member or Friend to plan or modify
        activities for You without notice to You. Carnival is not liable or responsible for the conduct of the family or
        friends You choose to connect with on the App, including in the planning or modification of activities on Your
        behalf, or for a family or friend’s use of any information You choose to share with the family or friend.
If You create a profile for a Family Member or a Friend who does not have his or her own App account, You are not
        creating an App account for that person. Instead, You are providing information about that Family Member or
        Friend in order to add him or her to activities on that person’s behalf. You may remove Family Members or
        Friends from these “Managed Profiles” at any time.
5.4 User Generated Content
. Carnival may allow You to upload certain images, graphics, photos,
        audio and video clips, statements and other content or materials (collectively, "Content") on or through the
        App. You may not post violent, nude, partially nude, discriminatory, unlawful, infringing, hateful, pornographic
        or sexually suggestive photos or other content via the App. You are solely responsible for your conduct and any
        Content that You post on or through the App. Carnival may, but has no obligation to, remove, edit, block, and/or
        monitor Content or accounts containing Content that Carnival determines in its sole discretion violates this
        License.
Carnival does not claim ownership of any Content that You post on or through the App. Instead, you hereby grant
        to Carnival a non-exclusive, perpetual, fully paid and royalty-free, transferable, sub-licensable, worldwide
        license to use publish and distribute the Content that you post on or through the App in all media and types of
        advertising and promotion throughout the world. You represent and warrant that: (i) You own the Content posted
        by You on or through the App or otherwise have the right to grant the rights and licenses set forth in these
        terms; (ii) the posting and use of your Content on or through the App does not violate, misappropriate or
        infringe on the rights of any third party, including, without limitation, privacy rights, publicity rights,
        copyrights, trademark and/or other intellectual property rights; (iii) You agree to pay for all royalties, fees,
        and any other monies owed by reason of Content You post on or through the App; (iv) no advertisement or other
        materials need be submitted to You for further approval and Carnival shall be without liability to You for any
        distortion or illusionary effect resulting from the publication of my biography, picture, and likeness; and (v)
        You have the legal right and capacity to enter into this License in your jurisdiction. Additionally, You
        expressly release Carnival from and against any and all claims which You may have at any time for the
        remuneration, invasion of privacy, rights of publicity, defamation or any cause of action arising out of
        Carnival’s use or any advertisement, marketing device or other publication relating to Carnival’s
        use of your Content.
Back to top
6. PURCHASE OF CHAT SUBSCRIPTION
6.1
The Application Chat function will enable You to communicate (“Chat”) with Your
        Friends and Family while on the Vessel. All Friends and Family who are identified as “travel with,”
        “same cabin” or “same account” on Your Folio will automatically be pre-loaded as
        contacts. In order to Chat with anyone else, You must first add them to Your Profile and they must accept Your
        invitation to Chat. In order to use the Carnival Chat function, You must purchase a subscription. A
        valid/funded/activated sail and sign card is required for purchase. Your Friend and/or Family Member must also
        be subscribed to Carnival Chat. The purchase of a Carnival Chat subscription is a limited, non-exclusive,
        revocable, non-assignable, personal, and non-transferable right to use the Chat function for the duration of
        Your Carnival sailing. Accordingly, Youhave no property, proprietary, intellectual property, ownership, or
        monetary interest in Your Chats, which remain our Content. The right may be immediately suspended or terminated
        for any reason, in our sole discretion, and without advance notice or liability. We may modify usage
        subscriptions and virtual items at our sole discretion, and such modifications may make the usage subscriptions
        or virtual items more or less common, valuable, effective, or functional.
6.2
You may not purchase, sell, barter, or trade any usage subscriptions or virtual items, or
        offer to purchase, sell, or trade any usage subscriptions or virtual items. Any such attempted transfer will be
        null and void.
6.3
If we suspend or terminate any usage subscriptions or virtual items, then You will forfeit
        the suspended or terminated subscription or items, except as may be set forth in any additional terms (such as
        any refund policies that may apply to a subscription service). Likewise, except as may be set forth in any
        additional terms or as required by applicable law, we are not responsible for repairing or replacing same, or
        providing You any credit or refund or any other sum, in the event of our modification of any usage subscriptions
        or virtual item, or for loss or damage due to error, or any other reason.
Back to top
7. TERM AND TERMINATION
This License shall
        be effective until terminated. Carnival may, in its sole and absolute discretion, at any time and for any or no
        reason, suspend or terminate this License and the rights afforded to You hereunder with or without prior notice.
        Furthermore, if You fail to comply with any terms and conditions of this License, then this License and any
        rights afforded to You hereunder shall terminate automatically, without any notice or other action by Carnival
        Upon the termination of this License, You shall cease all use of the Application and uninstall the Application.
        Carnival may, without notice to You, disable the Application. Carnival will not be liable to You or any third
        party for compensation, indemnity, or damages of any sort as a result of terminating this License in accordance
        with its terms, and termination of this License will be without prejudice to any other right or remedy Carnival
        may have, now or in the future. These obligations survive termination of this License.
Back to top
8. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE
        THAT THE APPLICATION, INCLUDING ALL CONTENT CONTAINED THEREIN OR ACCESSED THEREBY, IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS
        IS’ AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS, AND THAT YOUR USE OF OR RELIANCE UPON THE APPLICATION AND ANY
        THIRD PARTY CONTENT AND SERVICES ACCESSED THEREBY IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND DISCRETION. CARNIVAL AND ITS
        COLLABORATORS, SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS HEREBY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND GUARANTIES
        REGARDING THE APPLICATION AND THIRD PARTY CONTENT AND SERVICES, WHETHER ORAL, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, AND
        WHETHER ARISING BY LAW, STATUTE, USAGE OF TRADE, CUSTOM, COURSE OF DEALING OR PERFORMANCE OF THE PARTIES, OR THE
        NATURE OR CONTEXT OF THIS LICENSE, AND INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
        FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. FURTHERMORE, CARNIVAL AND ITS COLLABORATORS, SUPPLIERS
        AND LICENSORS MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT (I) THE APPLICATION OR THIRD PARTY CONTENT AND SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR
        REQUIREMENTS; (II) THE APPLICATION OR THIRD PARTY CONTENT AND SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ACCURATE,
        RELIABLE, TIMELY, SECURE, FREE FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS OR ERROR-FREE; (III) THE QUALITY OF ANY
        PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION OR OTHER MATERIAL ACCESSED OR OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE APPLICATION WILL BE AS
        REPRESENTED OR MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS; OR (IV) ANY ERRORS IN THE APPLICATION OR THIRD PARTY CONTENT AND SERVICES
        WILL BE CORRECTED. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM CARNIVAL OR FROM THE
        APPLICATION SHALL CREATE ANY REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY OR GUARANTY. FURTHERMORE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT CARNIVAL
        AND ITS COLLABORATORS, SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS HAVE NO OBLIGATION TO CORRECT ANY ERRORS OR OTHERWISE SUPPORT OR
        MAINTAIN THE APPLICATION. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE APPLICATION IS NOT INTENDED OR SUITABLE FOR USE IN SITUATIONS
        OR ENVIRONMENTS WHERE THE PERFORMANCE OF, USE OR MISUSE OF, FAILURE OF, OR ERRORS OR INACCURACIES IN THE
        CONTENT, DATA OR INFORMATION PROVIDED BY, THE APPLICATION COULD LEAD TO DEATH, PERSONAL INJURY, OR SEVERE
        PHYSICAL, PROPERTY, OR ENVIRONMENTAL DAMAGE. CARNIVAL AND ITS COLLABORATORS, SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS DO NOT
        WARRANT THAT THE APPLICATION WILL BE COMPATIBLE OR INTEROPERABLE WITH YOUR DEVICE OR ANY OTHER PIECE OF
        HARDWARE, SOFTWARE, EQUIPMENT OR DEVICE INSTALLED ON OR USED IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR DEVICE. FURTHERMORE, YOU
        ACKNOWLEDGE THAT COMPATIBILITY AND INTEROPERABILITY PROBLEMS CAN CAUSE THE PERFORMANCE OF YOUR DEVICE TO
        DIMINISH OR FAIL COMPLETELY, AND MAY RESULT IN PERMANENT DAMAGE TO YOUR DEVICE, LOSS OF THE DATA LOCATED ON YOUR
        DEVICE, AND CORRUPTION OF THE SOFTWARE AND FILES LOCATED ON YOUR DEVICE. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT CARNIVAL
        AND ITS COLLABORATORS, SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS, AND THEIR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS, SHALL HAVE
        NO LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY LOSSES SUFFERED, RESULTING FROM OR ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH COMPATIBILITY OR
        INTEROPERABILITY PROBLEMS. SHOULD THE APPLICATION PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE ENTIRE BURDEN OF ALL NECESSARY
        EXPENSES, SERVICING, REPAIR, OR CORRECTION. THIS SECTION 8 SHALL SURVIVE TERMINATION OF THIS LICENSE.
NOTWITHSTANDING AND WITHOUT WAIVING THE FOREGOING, THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE RELATED AGREEMENTS MAY PROVIDE
        LIMITED REMEDIES TO YOU.
Back to top
9. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
EXCEPT
        TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY LAW, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL CARNIVAL, ITS COLLABORATORS, SUPPLIERS OR
        LICENSORS, NOR THEIR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS, BE LIABLE FOR ACCIDENTS, PROPERTY DAMAGE,
        PERSONAL INJURY, DEATH, OR FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES
        ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SALE OR DISTRIBUTION OF, THE PERFORMANCE OR NON-PERFORMANCE, OR YOUR
        ACCESS OR USE OF OR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE THE APPLICATION AND ANY THIRD PARTY CONTENT AND SERVICES, WHETHER
        OR NOT THE DAMAGES WERE FORESEEABLE AND WHETHER OR NOT SUCH PARTY WAS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
        DAMAGES. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, CARNIVAL’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO YOU (WHETHER
        UNDER CONTRACT, TORT, STATUTE OR OTHERWISE) SHALL NOT EXCEED THE GREATER OF (i) THE INITIAL PURCHASE PRICE PAID
        BY YOU FOR THE APPLICATION, (ii) THE AGGREGATE AMOUNT YOU PAID TO CARNIVAL FOR THE APPLICATION DURING THE ONE
        MONTH PRECEDING THE DATE THAT THE CLAIM ARISES, OR (iii) TWO DOLLARS ($2.00). THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS WILL
        APPLY EVEN IF THE ABOVE STATED REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. THIS SECTION 9 SHALL SURVIVE TERMINATION
        OF THIS LICENSE.
Back to top
10. INDEMNIFICATION
You shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless CARNIVAL and its collaborators, suppliers and licensors, and their
        officers, directors,
        agents and employees (the “Indemnified Parties”) from and against any claim, proceeding, loss,
        damage, fine, penalty, interest and expense (including, without limitation, fees for attorneys and other
        professional advisors) arising out of or in connection with the following: (i) Your access to or use of this
        Application or Third Party Content and Services; (ii) Your breach of this License; (iii) Your violation of law;
        (iv) Your negligence or willful misconduct; or (v) Your violation of the rights of a third party. You will
        promptly notify Carnival in writing of any third-party claim arising out of or in connection with Your access to
        or use of the Application. These obligations survive termination of this License.
Back to top
11. DISPUTE RESOLUTION BY BINDING ARBITRATION
Please read this carefully as it affects your rights.
Summary:
Most customer concerns can be resolved quickly and to the customer's satisfaction by calling our customer service
        department at 1-888-227-6482.
In the unlikely event that Carnival's customer service department is
            unable to resolve a complaint You may have to Your satisfaction (or if Carnival has not been able to resolve
            a dispute it has with You after attempting to do so informally), we each agree to resolve those disputes
            through binding arbitration or small claims court instead of in courts of general jurisdiction.
The
        arbitration will be governed by the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association
        (“AAA”), as modified by this License, and will be administered by the AAA in Miami, Florida.
        Arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court. Arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge
        or jury, allows for more limited discovery than in court, and is subject to very limited review by courts.
        Arbitrators can award the same damages and relief that a court can award.
Any arbitration under this
            License will take place on an individual basis; class arbitrations and class actions are not
            permitted.
Back to top
12. MISCELLANEOUS
The following provisions survive termination of this License:
12.1 Governing Law, Limitation on Actions.
This site is controlled and operated by Carnival from
        its offices within the State of Florida, United States of America. Carnival makes no representation that
        materials in the site are appropriate or available for use in other locations. These terms shall be governed by
        and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida, without giving effect to any principles of
        conflicts of law. You agree that any action at law or in equity arising out of or relating to these terms shall
        be filed only in the state or federal courts located in Miami-Dade County and You hereby consent and submit to
        the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purposes of litigating any such action
12.2 Severability.
If any provision of this License is held to be invalid or unenforceable with
        respect to a party, the remainder of this License, or the application of such provision to persons other than
        those to whom it is held invalid or unenforceable shall not be affected and each remaining provision of this
        License shall be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law.
12.3 Waiver.
Except as provided herein, the failure to exercise a right or require performance
        of an obligation under this License shall not affect a party’s ability to exercise such right or require
        such performance at any time thereafter nor shall the waiver of a breach constitute waiver of any subsequent
        breach.
12.4 Modification or Amendment.
Carnival reserves the right to modify or discontinue,
        temporarily or permanently, at any time and from time to time, the App (or any function or feature of the App or
        any part thereof, including but not limited to rates and charges) with or without notice. You agree that
        Carnival will not be liable to You or to any third party for any such modification, suspension or discontinuance
        of the Service. This License may be updated or changed from time to time, as determined by Carnival in its sole
        discretion. Carnival will provide notice of changes in the License in any manner acceptable by law, including by
        posting them to our onboard website or at such other website as Carnival may designate. Any changes or
        modifications will be effective immediately upon such notice, and You waive any right You may have to receive
        specific notice of such changes or modifications. Your use of the App following updates or a change to this
        License constitutes Your acceptance of those changes; therefore, You should frequently review this license to
        understand the terms and conditions that apply to Your use of the Service. If You do not agree to the revisions,
        You must terminate Your use of the App immediately.
Back to top
12.5 Survival
. Any provisions of this License which by their express language or by their
        context are intended to survive the termination of this License shall survive such termination.
12.6 Third Party Beneficiaries.
Except as explicitly provided in this License or in the Related
        Agreements, nothing contained in this License is intended or shall be construed to confer upon any person (other
        than the parties hereto) any rights, benefits or remedies of any kind or character, or to create any obligations
        or liabilities of a party to any such person.
12.7 No Transfer by You.
You may not rent, lease, lend, sublicense, assign or transfer the
        Application, this License or any of the rights granted hereunder. Any attempted transfer in contravention of
        this provision shall be null and void and of no force or effect. These obligations survive termination of this
        License. Carnival may assign this License without restriction.
12.8 Copyright Complaints.
Carnival respects the intellectual property rights of others. If You
        believe that Your work has been copied and has been posted, stored or transmitted by or through the Application
        in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please submit a notification pursuant to the Digital
        Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) by providing Carnival’s Copyright Agent the following
        written information:
An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner
            of the copyright interest;
A description of the copyrighted work that You claim has been infringed upon;
A specific description of where the material that You claim is infringing is located;
Your address, telephone number, and e-mail address;
A statement by You that You have a good-faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized
            by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
A statement by You, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in Your notice
            is accurate and that You are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright
            owner's behalf.
Carnival’s Copyright Agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement relating to the Application can
        be reached as follows:
Attn: General Counsel
        Carnival Cruise Lines
        3655 NW 87
th
Avenue
        MLGL-815
        Miami, Florida 33178-2428
For more information about Carnival’s copyright protection practices under the DMCA and for information on
        how to contact Carnival’s DMCA agent, please refer to
Carnival's Legal
            Copyright & Trademarks page
.
12.9 Entire Agreement.
This License including the documents incorporated herein by reference
        constitute the entire agreement with respect to the use of the Application licensed hereunder and supersedes all
        prior or contemporaneous understandings regarding such subject matter.
Back to top
THIRD PARTY TERMS. The below Third Party Terms are
        incorporated herein and made part of this License: Apple and Google.
APPLE:
Additional provisions and Usage Rules required by Apple, Inc. (“Apple”) may
        be found at
Apple's Media
            Services Terms and Conditions page
. If Your Device is manufactured by
        Apple or if You obtain the downloadable Application through iTunes, You and Carnival acknowledge and agree that
        Apple and its subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries to this License, and that, upon Your acceptance of the
        terms and conditions of this License, Apple will have the right to enforce this License against You in its
        capacity as a third party beneficiary to the License. APPLE SHALL HAVE NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY CLAIMS MADE BY
        YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY RELATED TO THE APPLICATION OR YOUR USE OR POSSESSION OF THE APPLICATION, INCLUDING, BUT
        NOT LIMITED TO (i) PRODUCT LIABILITY CLAIMS, (ii) ANY CLAIM THAT THE APPLICATION FAILS TO CONFORM TO ANY
        APPLICABLE LEGAL OR REGULATORY REQUIREMENT, (iii) CLAIMS ARISING UNDER CONSUMER PROTECTION OR SIMILAR
        LEGISLATION, OR (iv) ANY CLAIMS, LOSSES, LIABILITIES, DAMAGES, COSTS OR EXPENSES ATTRIBUTABLE TO ANY FAILURE OF
        THE APPLICATION TO CONFORM TO ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. IF YOU HAVE PAID ANY FEE TO APPLE FOR USE OF THE
        APPLICATION, IN THE EVENT OF ANY FAILURE OF THE APPLICATION TO CONFORM TO ANY APPLICABLE WARRANTY, YOU MAY
        NOTIFY APPLE, AND APPLE WILL, AS YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY, REFUND TO YOU THE PURCHASE PRICE PAID, IF ANY,
        FOR THE APPLICATION. APPLE WILL HAVE NO OTHER WARRANTY OBLIGATION WHATSOEVER WITH RESPECT TO THE APPLICATION.
GOOGLE
Additional provisions and Usage Rules required by Google Inc. (“Google”) may
        be found at
Google Play Terms
            of Service page
. If Your Device is manufactured by
        Google or if You obtain the downloadable Application through Google Play, You and Carnival acknowledge and agree
        that Google and its subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries to this License, and that, upon Your acceptance
        of the terms and conditions of this License, Google will have the right to enforce this License against You in
        its capacity as a third party beneficiary to the License.
April 2015
CARNIVAL'S SMS MESSAGE AND ALERT SERVICE AGREEMENT
Your use of Carnival’s text message service (the “Service”) is governed by this SMS Message and
        Alert Service Agreement (“Agreement”) which incorporates the terms of the cruise ticket contract as
        if restated herein. You must be at least 18 years old to use the Service, and if you are under18, your parent or
        legal guardian must have read and agreed to the below terms before subscribing.
Please read the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement carefully. Your use and continued access of the
        Service will constitute your ongoing agreement to this Agreement with its changes and revisions. For purposes of
        this Agreement "you" shall mean the owner or authorized user of the mobile device whose telephone number is
        submitted to subscribe to the Service. You further represent that you are authorized to accept these terms and
        conditions. If you cannot accept this Agreement, do not use the Service. This Agreement may be modified at any
        time without any prior notice. It is your responsibility to regularly check the site to determine if there have
        been changes to this User Agreement and to review such changes. Your failure to abide by this Agreement or any
        other terms or conditions posted anywhere within the Service may result in suspension or termination of your
        access to the Service, without notice, in addition to Carnival's other remedies.
1. The Service
i. Subscription to Booking & Account-Related Text Messages:
As part of the Service, you may subscribe to receive text messages (SMS) about for sailing alerts,
                    or payment
                    reminders, and/or cancellations to your designated mobile phone or wireless ("Device"). Text
                    messages may be
                    sent using an automatic telephone dialing system or prerecorded. Payment reminder and cancellation
                    texts will be
                    limited to five (5) texts before the commencement of your voyage. The number of sailing alerts will
                    depend on
                    the voyage booked but will not exceed ten (10) per voyage. Consent is not required as a condition of
                    purchase.
To subscribe, simply check the box confirming acceptance in the Online Check-in system and provide
                    your Device
                    phone number. You can also subscribe with our contact center over the phone. By subscribing to
                    receive these
                    text messages, you agree to receive booking and account-related text messages from Carnival or its
                    third party
                    service provider to your Device phone number. You represent and warrant that you are the registered
                    owner or
                    authorized user of the Device and phone number provided and that you are authorized to enroll the
                    designated
                    phone number to receive such text messages. You agree and represent that the Device phone number you
                    provide at
                    subscription is accurate and up-to-date. If your Device phone number changes, you must immediately
                    update it as
                    set forth in Section (iii). Standard data and message rates apply. For information on how to
                    unsubscribe, see
                    Section 1(v)(a) below.
ii. Subscription to Personal Vacation Planner (PVP) and Marketing Text
                Messages
As part of the Service, you may subscribe to receive text messages (SMS) for your PVP’s contact
                    information,
                    virtual business card (MMS/vCard), and other sales/marketing information via text message. Text
                    messages may be
                    sent using an automatic telephone dialing system or prerecorded. By subscribing to receive these
                    text messages,
                    you agree to receive marketing messages on a recurring basis from Carnival or its third party
                    service provider
                    to your Device phone number. Consent is not required as a condition of purchase.
To subscribe, contact your Personal Vacation Planner by phone to request a virtual business card
                    then simply
                    reply "yes" to incoming text message communication. You represent and warrant that you are the
                    registered owner
                    or authorized user of the Device and phone number provided and that you are authorized to enroll the
                    designated
                    phone number to receive such text messages. You agree and represent that the Device phone number you
                    provide at
                    subscription is accurate and up-to-date. If your Device phone number changes, you must immediately
                    update it as
                    set forth in Section 1(iii). Standard data and message rates apply. For information on how to
                    unsubscribe, see
                    Section 1(v) (b) below.
For additional information regarding use of personal information you supply or communicate to
                    Carnival or the
                    Service, please see our
Privacy Notice
.
For additional questions, please
Contact Us
.
iii. Functionality; Security; Mobile Use Precautions
This Service is offered on an "as is" and "as available" basis without warranties of any kind,
                    except as
                    otherwise expressly stated. Text messaging service may not be available at all times and in all
                    areas; certain
                    variables could affect delivery of the messages, including but not limited to the functionality of
                    your
                    carrier’s network and text messaging platform, and restrictions set by your carrier to your account.
                    Carnival or
                    its text messaging provider does not guarantee message delivery, timeliness, or that messaging
                    Services, will be
                    available at all times. Carnival is not responsible for messages that are lost or misdirected.
                    Carnival will
                    send you a confirmation text when you have opt in or out to receive text messages.
If you have reason to believe that access to your Device is no longer secure (e.g., loss, theft or
                    unauthorized
                    disclosure or use of your Device used to access the Service), you must promptly change your contact
                    information
                    in Carnival’s online check-in system (for booking and account-related text messages) or by
                    contacting your
                    Personal Vacation Planner (for PVP and marketing text messages).
You are solely responsible for keeping the Service updated with your current phone number. Blocking
                    messages will
                    disable the ability to send or receive text messages. Carnival shall not be liable for information
                    sent to a
                    Device that is associated with your outdated mobile phone number. If you install any software or
                    enable any
                    service that stores information from the Service on any Device or computer, it is your
                    responsibility, prior to
                    transfer of such Device, to remove your information or otherwise disable access to such software or
                    service, in
                    order to prevent unauthorized access to your information or account.
iv. Third Party Charges and Mobile Alerts
A mobile phone or wireless device is required to use the Service. The messaging Service is not
                    available on all
                    rates plans. Your carrier may charge you for each text message sent and received. Higher rates may
                    apply to
                    messages received when travelling internationally. Contact your carrier for text messaging rates and
                    terms
                    applicable to your plan. You are solely responsible for any fees or charges incurred from
                    participating in the
                    Service. Under no circumstances will Carnival, its selected third party service provider, any of its
                    agents or
                    respective corporate affiliates be responsible or liable for any text messaging or wireless service
                    charges
                    incurred by you or a person that had access to your mobile phone or wireless device, or for any
                    overcharge or
                    billing error by or any billing dispute with your participating carrier.
v. How to Unsubscribe from the Service:
a.  Booking & Account-Related Text Messages
You may unsubscribe at any time by texting the keyword "STOP" to 278473. The STOP request
                            includes your agreement
                            that Carnival or its third party service provider may send to your Device a single
                            confirmation message within
                            24 hours of receipt of your STOP message. Unsubscribing from booking and account-related
                            text messages will
not
unsubscribe you from PVP and marketing text messages (if you have
                            previously subscribed to
                            receive those text messages).
b.  Personal Vacation Planner (PVP) and Marketing Text Messages
You may unsubscribe at any time by texting the keyword "STOP" to 38574. The stop request
                            includes your agreement
                            that Carnival or its third party service provider may send to your Device a single
                            confirmation message within
                            the 24 hours of receipt of your STOP message. Unsubscribing from PVP and marketing text
                            messages will
not
unsubscribe you from booking and account-related text messages (if you
                            have previously
                            subscribed to receive those text messages).
vi. Use of the Service
The Service is intended for your personal, noncommercial use only. You are solely responsible for
                    maintaining
                    confidentiality of your contact information and information received on your Device, and for failure
                    to do so.
                    You are solely responsible for all use of the Service by you and anyone you allow access to the
                    Service on your
                    Device.
Top
2. Third Party Service Providers
Carnival reserves the right to hire a third party for the purpose of providing its Service. You acknowledge that
        all third party Service providers are independent contractors, and that Carnival neither supervises nor controls
        their actions, nor makes any representation either express or implied as to their suitability. You agree that
        Carnival assumes no responsibility, does not guarantee performance and in no event shall be liable for any
        negligent or intentional acts or omissions, loss, damage, injury or delay to Guest and/or Guest’s property
        or effects in connection with the Service. Consent to receive messages from Carnival includes consent to receive
        messages transmitted for Carnival by a third party.
3. Intellectual Property
The Service contains material that is owned by Carnival and protected by state, national and international
        copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws. You may not modify, copy, reproduce, republish,
        upload, post, transmit or distribute in any way any material, including code and software, from the Service.
You agree not to disrupt, overwhelm, attack, modify or interfere with the Service or its associated software,
        hardware and/or servers in any way, and you agree not to impede or interfere with others' use of the Service.
        You further agree not to alter or tamper with any information or materials on or associated with the Service.
4. Indemnification
You agree to indemnify Carnival and its affiliates, employees, agents, representatives and third party Service
        Providers, and to defend and hold each of them harmless, from any and all claims and liabilities (including
        attorneys fees) which may arise from your conduct, from your unauthorized use of material obtained through the
        Service, or from your breach of this Agreement, or from any such acts through your use of the Service.
5.  Disclaimer Of Warranty And Limitation Of Liability
You acknowledge that you are using the service at your own risk. The Service is provided “as is,” and
        Carnival, its affiliates and its third party Service providers:
expressly disclaim any and all warranties, express and
            implied, including but not limited to any warranties of accuracy, reliability, title,
            merchantability, non-infringement, fitness for a particular purpose or any other warranty,
            condition, guarantee or representation, whether oral, in writing or in electronic form,
            including but not limited to the accuracy or completeness of any information contained therein
            or provided by the Service.
do not represent or warrant that access to the Service
            will be uninterrupted or that there will be no failures, errors or omissions or loss of
            transmitted information, or that no viruses will be transmitted on the Service.
undertake no responsibility for damages caused by the
            inclusion of erroneous, incomplete or outdated information in itineraries.
shall not be liable to your or any third parties for
            any direct, indirect, special, consequential or punitive damages allegedly sustained arising out
            of this agreement, including but not limited to: the providing of services hereunder, the
            delivery or non-delivery of information, your access to or inability to access the Service,
            including for viruses alleged to have been obtained from the Service, your use of or reliance on
            the Service or any of the information, regardless of the type of claim or the nature of the
            cause of action, even if advised of the possibility of such damages.
You hereby agree to release Carnival, its affiliates and third-party service providers and each of their
        respective directors, officers, employees, and agents from claims, demands and damages (actual and
        consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and
        undisclosed, arising out of or in any way connected with your use of the Service.
6. Termination Or Suspension Of Access To The Service
Carnival has the right to terminate and/or suspend your ability to access the Service or any portion thereof, for
        any or no reason, without notice.
7. General.
This Agreement is governed by the laws of the state of Florida without giving effect to any principles of
        conflicts of law. You agree that any action at law or in equity arising out of or relating to these terms shall
        be filed only in the state or federal courts located in Miami-Dade County and you hereby consent and submit to
        the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purposes of litigating any such action. If any provision of
        these terms shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed
        severable from these terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
        This is the entire agreement between us relating to the subject matter herein. Any delay or failure to enforce
        any term by Carnival shall not be deemed a waiver.  Any cause of action must be brought within ONE YEAR of
        the date the claim arises.
Top
COPYRIGHT & TRADEMARKS
Carnival Cruise Line © 2006 - 2025 Carnival Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
The Carnival brand is one of the most widely recognized in the cruise industry, and the trademarks developed by
        Carnival Cruise Line (“Carnival”) identify the Carnival products and differentiate Carnival’s services from
        those of its competitors.
CARNIVAL, CARNIVAL CRUISE LINE, THE WINGED SHIP FUNNEL DESIGNS, CHOOSE FUN, the Carnival Cruise Line ship names,
        Carnival shipboard and shoreside program and amenity names and all other trademarks, slogans, logos and imagery
        used on this website and in the advertising and promotional material published by Carnival are, whether or not
        registered, owned by Carnival.
Carnival considers its compilation of links to Internet resources, the description of those resources and the
        information contained within Carnival's websites, including but not limited to, the site design, text, graphics,
        photographs, interfaces, and selection and arrangement of same, to be copyright-protected materials. You are not
        authorized to copy, reproduce or modify any portion of Carnival’s websites without prior written
        authorization.
The name of Carnival and its trademarks, service marks, trade names, patents, copyright-protected materials and
        imagery may not be used without prior, specific, written permission from Carnival, except by those travel agents
        who advertise, market and book Carnival cruises in conformity with Carnival’s published Travel Agency Guidelines
        located at GoCCL.com. For all other purposes, whether commercial or personal, the transmission, use, copying or
        modification of the Images, in whole or in part, in any form or by any means, whether electronic, mechanical, by
        photocopy or recording, is strictly prohibited without the prior written consent or licensure of Carnival.
        Unauthorized use of the Imagery and the information contained herein may constitute a violation of applicable
        intellectual property, criminal, civil or privacy laws. In no event may a Carnival trademark be combined with or
        appear as a trademark or logo next to any other business name, word(s) or logo(s) without express written
        authorization from Carnival.
Carnival reserves the right to bring any civil action in Miami, Florida, arising from the improper or
        unauthorized use of this website or any part thereof, including without limitation for infringement of its
        trademarks and other intellectual property.
Carnival makes no warranty, express or implied, with respect to the use of the links provided; does not
        guarantee the accuracy, completeness, usefulness or adequacy of any resources, information, apparatus, product
        or process accessed via this website; and is not responsible for any errors or omissions in the resources or
        information accessed via this Home Page or for the results obtained from the use of such resources or
        information.
If you have reason to believe that any person, company or business has violated Carnival's trademark rights or
        infringed Carnival's copyright-protected materials, please notify the Legal Department at Carnival's Miami,
        Florida offices by e-mail at
cclegaldepartment@carnival.com
.
DMCA & COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT
Carnival will investigate notices of copyright infringement and take appropriate actions under the Digital
        Millennium Copyright Act, Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(2) ("DMCA").
Pursuant to the DMCA, written notification of claimed copyright infringement must be submitted to the following
        designated agent for this website:
Attn: Legal Department at
cclegaldepartment@carnival.com
.
You should include the following information: (1) a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to
        act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; (2) identification of the
        copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed; (3) identification of the material that is claimed to be
        infringing and information reasonably sufficient to permit location of the material; (4) information reasonably
        sufficient to permit us to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an email
        address; (5) a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of
        is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and (6) a statement that the information in the
        notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of
        an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Upon receipt of notices complying with the DMCA, Carnival will act to remove or disable access to any material
        found to be infringing or found to be the subject of infringing activity and will act to remove or disable
        access to any reference or link to material or activity that is found to be infringing. Please note that
        Carnival may request additional information before removing any infringing material. If a dispute develops as to
        the correct owner of the rights in question, Carnival reserves the right to remove the content along with that
        of the alleged infringer pending resolution of the matter.Skip to Main Content
Home
Legal Notice
Mobile Application Terms and Conditions
Legal Notice
Pause animation button
Legal
Notice
Privacy &
Cookies
Ad Choice
Policy
Cruise Ticket
Contract
Passenger
Bill of Rights
Terms &
Conditions
Mobile Application
Terms & Conditions
SMS Terms
& Conditions
Copyright &
Trademarks
LEGAL NOTICE
There is nothing more important to us than the safety of our guests. Comprehensive, fleet-wide security practices
        have been in place for many years, which include the reporting of alleged crimes to the FBI. However, as a
        result of the Cruise Vessel Security and Safety Act of 2010, statistics for cruise ship crime allegations will
        now be posted on the internet for public viewing. Public reporting requirements, mandated by this law, are
        unique to the cruise industry and similar requirements do not exist for other travel suppliers such as airlines,
        hotels and theme parks.
The statistics, cited within the U.S. Coast Guard's web site, represent crime allegations in different categories
        occurring on cruise ships sailing from North America, which must be reported in accordance to the Cruise Vessel
        Security and Safety Act of 2010.
It is worth noting that these alleged incidents are no longer under investigation by the FBI and may have been
        reported without sufficient evidence. Additionally, it is most important to put these statistics within proper
        context so that everyone can understand that the incidence of crime on board is very small given the large
        number of guests we carry.
A Carnival cruise remains one of the safest vacation options available.
Incident Reporting Statistics Site
CARNIVAL PRIVACY SUMMARY
Last Updated: 05/12/2023
Carnival Cruise Line (“
Carnival Cruise Line
,” “
we
,”
        “
our
,” or “
us
”) is a division of Carnival Corporation
        & plc. We recognize that your privacy is important. Your choice to share information with us is an important
        part
        of how we provide a world-class travel experience. We've developed this Privacy Summary to give you a quick
        understanding of how and why we collect, use, and share your information both online and in the real world.
If you want more information, you can read the full version of the
Carnival
            Privacy Notice
.
HOW WE COLLECT AND USE YOUR INFORMATION
We collect many categories of personal information. The categories we collect may include: Contact and profile
        information; comments and suggestions, chat and opinions; Payment and transaction information; Location
        information; Information provided by social networks; Information provided by third parties; Information about
        fraudulent or criminal activity related to your account.
This information is collected from you in many ways, which are described in the full
Privacy
            Notice
. A few examples include:
WHEN YOU PROVIDE PERSONAL INFORMATION TO US.
We collect personal information about
            you when you register for an account, make a purchase, sign up for marketing communications, participate in
            an offer, or send it to us.
WHILE YOU ARE ON YOUR VACATION.
We collect personal information about you when you
            choose to use our or our third-party partners' services, including amenities, excursions, casinos, and
            otherwise through photo and video footage of our ships.
WHEN YOU USE OUR ONLINE SERVICES.
We collect some personal information about you
            automatically as you use our Service and during your vacation.
FROM THIRD-PARTY SOURCES.
We may also collect personal information from our
            third-party partners who help us to provide the Service or from other third- party partners to supplement or
            enhance our information.
We use personal information to facilitate your vacation and our other Services, to fulfill your requests,
        process transactions and contact you; to send you personalized advertising and promotional content and
        materials; to analyze and improve our Services and our business; and for other reasons described more fully in
        our Privacy Notice below.
If you are travelling on an Ocean Medallion Class
®
vessel, we collect information about your use of OCEAN® services, including our applications, websites, and the on-board interactive features during your trip. Please see
MedallionClass™
sections of our Privacy Notice for more
        information.
To learn more about the information we collect and how we use it, see our full
Privacy
            Notice
.
HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
We share information in a variety of circumstances to provide our services, respond to your requests, improve
        your experience, and otherwise conduct our business. For example, we may share information:
With our affiliates and companies in the Carnival Corporation & plc family of companies, who may use your information in the same way as we can under our Privacy Notice.
With third party partners and service providers to facilitate our Services, fulfill your orders or requests, when you choose to share your activities on Carnival Cruise Line with your friends and contacts, or when you engage in promotional activities we provide with third party partners.
With select third parties, so that they can provide you with information and marketing messages about
            products and services you may enjoy.
In connection with a corporate transaction, such as a merger, sale, reorganization, financing, or in
            the event of a bankruptcy or related or similar proceeding.
Where we believe such disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the personal safety or health of our
            guests, family members or others or support the health and wellbeing of our crew and the broader public.
As required by law or subpoena where necessary to comply with law and law enforcement, to enforce our
Terms
, to protect the
            security or integrity of our Services, and to exercise or protect the rights, property, health and safety of
            us and
            other third-parties. To learn more about these and other ways in which we may share your personal
            information, please see our full
Privacy Notice
.
CHOICES ABOUT YOUR
        INFORMATION
We want you to understand your choices regarding how we may process your personal information. Depending on how
        you use the Service, these choices may include the following:
ABOUT OUR ADS.
We participate in interest-based advertising and use third party
            advertising companies to serve you targeted advertisements based on your browsing history. To learn more
            about our advertising practices and your choices relating to advertising, please see the
Ad Choice Policy
for more
            information.
PROFILE ACCESS & SHARING SETTINGS.
You may access and update your profile
            information, such as your user name, address, or billing information, and may change some of your data
            sharing preferences on your account page.
DEVICE SETTINGS.
If you would like to update your device access permissions, such as
            permissions to access your geolocation, camera or address book, you can do so in the "Settings" app on your
            mobile device.
PROMOTIONAL MESSAGES.
You can stop receiving promotional email communications from
            us by following the "unsubscribe" instructions provided in such communications. We make every effort to
            promptly process all unsubscribe requests. You may still receive Service-related communications, including
            account verification, transactional communications, changes/updates to features of the Services, and
            technical and security notices.
Please be sure to check the full
Privacy Notice
for more information about your choices.
REGION-SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES
We may choose or be required by law to provide different or additional disclosures relating to the processing of
        personal information about residents of certain countries, regions or states. Please refer below for disclosures
        that may be applicable to you:
– If you are a resident of the State of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, or Virginia in the United States, please visit the
U.S. State Privacy Rights
section for more information.
– If you are a resident of the State of Nevada in the United States, please visit the
Nevada Privacy
                Rights
section for more information.
– If you are located in the European Economic Area, Switzerland and the UK (“EEA”), please visit the
European Privacy Rights
section for more information.
– If you are located in Brazil, please visit the
Brazil Privacy Rights
section for more information.
– If you are located in the People’s Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan), please visit
            the
China
                Privacy Rights
section for more information.
QUESTIONS?
For more questions about our Privacy Notice, please feel free to email us at
dpo@carnival.com
Back to top
CARNIVAL PRIVACY NOTICE
Carnival Cruise Line (“Carnival Cruise Line”,”
“we,”
“our,”
or
“us”
) is a division of Carnival Corporation & plc.  Carnival Cruise Line includes 1972 Productions Inc., 6348 Equipment L.L.C, A.C.N. 098 290 834 Pty. Ltd., A.J. Juneau Dock LLC, Adventure Island Ltd., AIDA Kundencenter GmbH, AIDAradio GmbH, Alaska Hotel Properties LLC, Air-Sea Holiday GmbH, Barcelona Cruise Terminal SLU, Bay Island Cruise Port S.A., Belize Cruise Terminal Limited, Carnival (UK) Limited, Carnival Bahamas FC Limited, Carnival Bahamas Holdings Limited, Carnival Corporation & plc Asia Pte. Ltd., Carnival Corporation Hong Kong Limited, Carnival Corporation Korea Ltd., Carnival Corporation Ports Group Japan KK, Carnival Finance LLC, Carnival Grand Bahama Investment Limited, Carnival Investments Limited, Carnival Japan Inc., Carnival License Holdings Limited, Carnival Maritime GmbH, Carnival North America LLC, Carnival Port Holdings Limited, Carnival Ports Inc., Carnival Support Services India Private Limited, Carnival Technical Services (UK) Limited, Carnival Technical Services Finland Limited, Carnival Technical Services GmbH, Carnival Vanuatu Limited, CC U.S. Ventures Inc., CCL Gifts LLC, Costa Crociere PTE Ltd, Costa Crociere S.p.A., Costa Crociere S.A., Costa Cruise Lines Inc., Costa Cruise Lines UK Limited, Costa Cruises Customer Service S.L.U., Costa Cruises Shipping Services (Shanghai) Company Limited, Costa Cruises Travel Agency (Shanghai) Co. Ltd., Costa Cruises Turkey Turizm Gelisim A.S., Costa Cruzeiros Agencia Maritima e Turismo Ltda., Costa International B.V., Costa Kreuzfahrten GmbH, Cozumel Cruise Terminal S.A. de C.V., Cruise Ships Catering & Services International N.V., Cruise Terminal Services S.A de C.V., Cruiseport Curacao C.V., CSMART Real Estate B.V., CSMART Real Estate C.V., CSSC Carnival (Shanghai) Cruise Shipping Limited, CSSC Carnival Italy Cruise Investment S.r.L., D.R. Cruise Port Ltd., F.P.M. SAS, F.P.P. SAS, Fleet Maritime Services (Bermuda) Limited, Fleet Maritime Services Holdings (Bermuda) Limited, Fleet Maritime Services International Limited, Gibs Inc, Global Experience Innovators Inc, Global Fine Arts Inc, Global Shipping Service (Shanghai) Co. Ltd., Grand Cruise Shipping Unipessoal LdA, Grand Turk Cruise Center Ltd, GXI LLC, HAL Antillen N.V., HAL Beheer B.V., HAL Maritime Ltd., HAL Nederland N.V., HAL Properties Limited, HAL Services B.V., Holding Division Iberocruceros SLU, Holland America Line Inc., Holland America Line N.V., Holland America Line Paymaster of Washington LLC, Holland America Line U.S.A. Inc., HSE Hamberg School of Entertainment GmbH, Ibero Cruzeiros Ltda., Ibercruceros SLU, Information Assistance Corporation, International Cruise Services S.A. de C.V., International Leisure Travel Inc., International Maritime Recruitment Agency S.A. de C.V., Milestone N.V., Navitrans S.R.L., Ocean Bahamas Innovation Ltd., Ocean Medallion Fulfilment Ltd., Odds on Gaming Corporation, Operadora Catalina S.r.L., P&O Princess American Holdings, P&O Princess Cruises International Limited, P&O Princess Cruises Pension Trustee Limited, P&O Properties (California) Inc., P&O Travel Limited, Piccapietra Finance S.r.L., Prestige Cruises Management S.A.M., Prestige Cruises N.V., Princess Bermuda Holdings LTD., Princess Cays Ltd., Princess Cruise Corporation Inc., Princess Cruise Lines Ltd., Princess Cruises and Tours Inc., Princess U.S. Holdings Inc., RCT Maintenance & Related Services S.A., RCT Pilots & Related Services S.A., RCT Security & Related Services S.A., Roatan Cruise Terminal S.A. de C.V., Royal Hyway Tours Inc., Santa Cruz Terminal S.L., Seabourn Cruise Line Limited, SeaVacations Limited, SeaVacations UK Limited, Shanghai Coast Cruise Consulting Co. Lda., Ship Care (Bahamas) Limited, Sitmar Cruises Inc., Spanish Cruise Services N.V., Sunshine Shipping Corporation Ltd., T&T International Inc., Tour Alaska LLC, Transnational Services Corporation, Trident Insurance Company Ltd., Welcome Travel Group S.p.A., West Sicily Gate S.r.L., Westmark Hotels of Canada Ltd., Westmark Hotels Inc, Westours Motor Coaches LLC, World Leading Cruise Management (Shanghai) Co. Ltd.  We recognize that your privacy is important.  Your choice to share information with us is an important part of how we provide a world-class travel experience. We’ve developed this Privacy Notice to explain how your personal information is collected, used, stored, processed, transferred and disclosed by Carnival Cruise Line, both online and in the real world.
Our Services.
This Privacy Notice applies to our websites and applications, including Carnival.com and the HubApp and any other website, mobile application, or other online service that links to this Notice  (collectively, our “
Sites
”) and describes how
        we collect, use and process your personal information in connection with our Sites, marketing and promotional
        activities and your interactions with us before, during and after one of our vacation experiences (collectively
        with our Sites, our “
Services
”).
Please note that this privacy notice does not apply to our processing of information about employees, crew,
        contractors or our vendor contacts.
By providing us with your personal information or otherwise using our Services, you acknowledge that you have
        read, understood and agree to the terms of this Privacy Notice and our
Terms of
            Service
.
Click on the links below to jump to each section:
HOW WE COLLECT AND USE YOUR INFORMATION
HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
CHOICES ABOUT YOUR INFORMATION
COVID-19 NOTICE
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
REGION-SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
TSA SECURE FLIGHT NOTICE
LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY NOTICE
QUESTION? COMMENTS? CONTACT US
Back to top
HOW WE COLLECT AND USE YOUR INFORMATION
We collect personal information in various ways, for example, when you visit our online sites and services, book
        travel, create an account, enjoy our vacation experiences while on a voyage, communicate with us or otherwise
        engage with our Services. All of the information collected through our Services may be combined to provide a
        seamless, personalized experience, regardless of how you interact with us.
The categories of personal information we collect can include:
Personal identifiers
such as your name, email address, mailing address, phone
            number,
            date of birth or similar identifiers.
Customer records
such as your identification documents, payment information
            (credit or
            debit card or other financial information).
Commercial information
such as your travel history, account data, participation in a loyalty or rewards program, information about the products or services purchased or considered.
Health or medical information
such as health monitoring information, accessibility
            information, care in one of our shipboard clinics, medications, allergies or other medical accommodation
            needs.
Sensory information
such as photos and videos of you and audio recordings of phone
            calls between you and us, where permitted by law.
Biometric information
, including facial identifiers that can recognize you from
            photos and video.
Preferences
you provide to us or generated through your use of the Services,
            including
            inferences we may make based on our experience with you.
Internet, network and device information
from the browser or device you use to
            access
            our Services, which could include your IP address, device ID, cookie identifiers, browser type, internet
            service
            provider, referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp and or clickstream data.
Geolocation data
including precise geolocation data from your browser or device or
            inferred based on your IP address.
Professional information
if you submit a job application or in connection with
            your
            role as a travel partner or agent.
Background check information
that we may receive from third-party sources, such as criminal and sex offender registry information.
Keep reading to learn more about how we collect personal information you provide to us directly, information we
        collect through your use of the Services or your travel experience, and information we receive through third
        parties, and the purposes for which we use your information.
A. When You Provide Personal Information to Us.
REGISTRATION & PROFILE.
If you register for an account
            through our Services or complete your traveler profile, we collect your personal identifiers, customer
            records,
            commercial information and, if you provide it, information about health or medical conditions. We use this
            information to create and administer your account, provide you with the relevant Services and information,
            communicate with you regarding your account and your use of the Services, provide rewards and loyalty
            program
            perks, for customer support purposes, and to send you marketing communications by email, push notification,
            or
            by text message, in accordance with your preferences.
TRAVEL BOOKINGS & ORDERS.
If you book travel with us or
            order additional products or Services, we collect a variety of information, including your personal
            identifiers,
            customer records, commercial information and, if you provide it, information about health or medical
            conditions,
            as well as any other information you choose to provide to us. We use this information to process your
            transaction, complete and ship your purchase, book and confirm your travel itinerary, communicate with you
            and
            those traveling with you about your itinerary and to administer the Services.
INQUIRIES & COMMUNICATIONS.
If you communicate with us or
            other guests through any paper or electronic form to request an itinerary, deck plan, brochure, ebrochure or
            video, or to otherwise inquire or communicate with us or other guests, we collect your personal identifiers,
            commercial information, and any other personal information you choose to provide in the content of your
            message.
            We use this information to investigate and respond to your inquiries, to facilitate communication with us
            and
            the other guests, to provide you with requested information, to enhance the services we offer to our guests,
            and
            to manage and grow our business. If you represent a company or agency interested in partnering with us, we
            will
            also collect your professional and employment information in order to respond to your inquiries, communicate
            with you, to manage and grow our organization and to facilitate a business relationship.
SURVEYS & SWEEPSTAKES.
If you choose to take advantage of a
            promotion, respond to a survey, or enter a contest or sweepstakes, we collect your personal identifiers,
            customer records and any other personal information you are requested to provide at the time, or choose to
            provide to us. We use this information to administer and facilitate the Services, to respond to your
            submission,
            to communicate with you, to conduct market research, inform our marketing and advertising activities and
            improve
            and grow our business.
DEVICE CONTENT (CONTACTS AND PHOTOS).
With your permission, we will collect content from
            the device you use to access our online Services, such as photos from your device camera roll and camera and
            the contacts from your address book. We use this information to share photos and video you take during your
            vacation or to communicate with your contacts. For
            more
            information on how to withdraw your permission, please see the
Choices About Your
                Information
section below.
You may provide personal information for yourself and those traveling with you. By providing us with the travel
        or contact information of any third party, you confirm that you have the authority to do so on their behalf and
        have provided them with the information set out in this Privacy Notice. The personal information of each person
        whose personal information is linked to the same travel itinerary may be accessible by all others included in
        that same itinerary.
B. While You Are On Your Vacation.
When you take part in the Services aboard one of our ships or at one of our properties, we collect information
        about your visit, including information about your interactions with our staff, programming and with the
        technology-enhanced features of our ships and hotels.
There are a few different types of vacation experiences where we may collect and use your information:
AMENITIES, EXCURSIONS & ADD-ON SERVICES.
If you choose to
            take advantage of our amenities or enhance your vacation with on-board purchases of goods or Services, we
            collect your personal identifiers, customer records, and commercial information. Depending on the Service,
            we
            may also need to collect information about your health or medical conditions. We use this information to
            process
            your transaction, book and administer your Services, to communicate with you and those travelling with you
            about
            your Services, and to inform our advertising and marketing activities. Where the Services are provided by
            third-party companies, we will use your information to coordinate and facilitate their provision of the
            Service.
INCIDENTS AND HEALTH SCREENINGS.
If, while traveling with us, you suffer a personal injury,
            fall ill, submit a claim about a personal injury, or are otherwise involved in an incident, we collect your
            personal identifiers, health or medical information and details about the incident. We may also screen you
            for symptoms of potential contagions, such as COVID-19, that may present a risk to the other guests and crew
            members aboard our ships, including through temperature checks, self-assessment questionnaires and tissue
            sampling. We use this information to attend to your medical and safety needs and those of our guests and
            crew, maintain records of incidents, facilitate investigations and remedies, to protect our rights and the
            rights of our guests, for security and public health purposes, to prevent fraud, and to improve our
            Services.
PHOTO & VIDEO FOOTAGE.
We collect a security photo at or before you board our ships. We
            operate closed circuit television (CCTV) cameras on board our ships, including at all access points and
            throughout the public areas. These CCTV cameras record continually and
images
                    of you
may appear in these recordings ("
CCTV images
").
            Photographers and camera crews
            take photographs and make films for guests to purchase at the end of their vacation or for our own
            promotional use. They are happy to take reasonable steps to avoid filming or photographing you where you
            indicate to the person with the camera that this is your preference , but we are unable to guarantee that
            your images will not be included on an incidental basis. We use this information for our own promotional
            purposes, to maintain records of incidents, facilitate investigations and remedies, to protect our rights
            and the rights of our guests, for security purposes, to enable public health measures, to prevent fraud, and
            to improve our Services. We may apply facial recognition technology to your security photo to facilitate
            camera-enabled rapid embarkation, debarkation, at entry and exit of the vessel at ports of call. We may also
            use facial recognition to link the pictures and videos taken by onboard photographers or videographers to
            you for ease of ordering and to reduce paper waste. After sailing, you will still be able to access your
            linked photos and videos via our connection with a third-party photo library service. We delete facial
            biometric identifiers promptly following completion of the voyage though we may retain any photos that have
            been identified and linked to a guest account for up to two (2) years to enable guest access and purchase of
            photos and photo memorabilia after the end of the voyage.
CASINO.
If you choose to play or use the services in one of our Casinos or gaming arcades
            and/or participate in one or more bingo sessions or online gaming experiences, we may collect your personal
            identifiers, customer records and commercial information. We also collect information about your gaming
            activity, such as the games you play, duration of play, results of play, total amount wagered, and amount of
            winnings. We may use this information to validate your identity and age, to determine your eligibility for
            promotions and offers during your vacation and for future travel, to inform our marketing and advertising
            activities, and to communicate directly with you. In addition, we may use this information to generate
            win/loss statement, to conduct credit checks, process lines of credit, or otherwise as needed to comply with
            our legal obligations and to prevent or investigate fraud.
Note:
guest casino sites may only be
            available in
            international waters or locations where permitted by applicable jurisdictional laws.
MEDALLIONCLASS™.
Where available on
            MedallionClass™ ships and at certain resorts or
            destinations, we
            collect information from and linked to your use of your Medallion® wearable (the
            “
Medallion®
”), as well as
            information collected through OCEAN® websites and applications, including MedallionClass™, PlayOcean®, and
            Ocean® Casino ( together with MedallionClass™ ships and destinations, the “
MedallionClass™
                Services
”), your
            use of the Medallion® during your vacation, and from your booking and interactions with our Services
            on-board and in select resorts. The wearable Medallion® allows us to collect your
position and
                movement
                information
through sensors and readers located throughout our MedallionClass™ ships and in
            certain resorts
            and properties which emit a signal that detects the presence of the Medallion®. This allows us to gather
            information about your position and location within the ship and your movements on-board. The Medallion®
            technology is not a global positioning system and cannot detect the precise geolocation (lat/long) of an
            individual. The Medallion® is linked to your other personal information associated with your registration
            and traveler profile. We use this information to enable certain personalized features and Services online
            and during your vacation. For example, we use this information to locate you during your vacation and enable
            you to locate other members of your family, to contact you and deliver requested Services to your location
            (e.g., food delivery), to send you content or messaging relevant to your location and to customize your
            interactions with our Services. We may also use this information to monitor and protect the health and
            safety of our guests, including to conduct contact tracing, or investigate wrongful acts or allegations as
            appropriate. We may also use this information, individually and in aggregate, to develop and improve our
            Services and to understand the movement patterns and behaviors of guests on our ship. When you make a
            purchase through the MedallionClass™ Services using your Medallion®, we will process the commercial
            information you have on file in order to complete your transaction, detect and prevent fraud, and to inform
            our advertising and marketing.
C. When You Use Our Online Services.
When you visit our Sites or use our Services, read our emails, or otherwise engage with us through a computer or mobile device, we and our third party partners automatically collect information you provide to us and information about how you access and use the Service and information about the device you use to access the Service.
We typically collect this information through a variety of tracking technologies, including cookies, Flash objects, web beacons, embedded scripts, APIs and mobile software development kits (SDKs), location-identifying technologies, and similar technology (collectively, “
tracking technologies
”), and we may use third party services and technologies to collect this information. Information we collect automatically about you may be combined with other personal information we collect directly or receive from other sources.
Specifically, we and our third party partners may use tracking technologies to automatically collect commercial information, preferences, and internet, network and device information, including:
Information about how you access the Service,
such as the site from which you came and the site to which you are going when you leave our Sites, how frequently you access the Service, when and whether you open emails or click the links contained in emails, your location when you access or interact with our Service, whether you access the Service from multiple devices and other actions you take on the Service.
Information about how you use the Service,
such as the pages you visit, the links you click, the ads you view and click on, videos you watch, purchase information and your checkout process, and other similar actions. We may also use third-party tools to collect information you provide to us or information about how you use the Service and may record your mouse movements, scrolling, clicks and keystroke activity on our Sites and other browsing behavior. These tools may also record information you enter when you interact withour Service or engage in chat features through our service.
Information about the computer, tablet, smartphone or other device you use,
such as your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, platform type, device type/model/manufacturer, operating system, date and time stamp, a unique ID that allows us to uniquely identify your browser, mobile device or your account (including, e.g., a persistent device identifier or an Ad ID), and other such information.
Analytics information.
We may collect analytics data, or use third party analytics tools, to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service and to understand more about the demographics and behaviors of our users.
All of the information collected automatically through these tools allows us to improve your customer experience. For example, we may use this information to enhance and personalize your user experience, to monitor and improve our Sites and Services, and improve the effectiveness of our Service, offers, advertising, communications and customer service.  We may also use this information to: (a) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Sites; (b) provide custom, personalized content, and information; (c) identify and contact you across multiple devices; (d) provide and monitor the effectiveness of our Service; (e) perform analytics and detect usage patterns on our Service; (f) diagnose or fix technology problems; (g) detect or prevent fraud or other harmful activities, and (h) otherwise to plan for and enhance our Service.
If you would prefer not to accept cookies, most browsers will allow you to: (i) change your browser settings to notify you when you receive a cookie, which lets you choose whether or not to accept it; (ii) disable existing cookies; or (iii) set your browser to automatically reject cookies. Please note, however, that disabling our cookies may mean that you will not be able to take full advantage of our Services.
Deleting cookies or controlling cookies through browser settings does not delete non-cookie tracking technologies such as Flash objects and HTMP5 Local Storage Objects (LSOs). To manage Flash cookie settings and preferences, you must use the settings manager on Adobe’s website or by
clicking here.
If you choose to delete Flash objects from our Service, then you may not be able to access and use all or part of the Service or benefit from the information and services offered.
We and our third party partners may collect information through tracking technologies for personalized advertising purposes. See
“About Our Ads”
to learn more.
D. Information From Third-Party Sources.
We may receive personal information about you from other users or our business partners and service providers
        and combine this information with other information we have.
AFFILIATES.
We may receive information about you collected
            by other Carnival Corporation companies, businesses, brands and affiliated entities in our family of
            companies,
            so that information you provide to one brand may be used by us to better provide you Services and
            communicate
            with you.
SINGLE SIGN-ON.
We use single sign-on to allow a user to
            enter login information from a third-party platform to access the Services. If you create or log into your
            account through a third-party social media site, such as Facebook or Google, these services will
            authenticate
            your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us, which could include
            your
            personal identifiers. We may use this information to authenticate your account, to provide you Services, to
            communicate with you, and for advertising and marketing purposes. The data we receive is dependent on the
            third-party’s policies and your privacy settings on that third-party site. To learn more about the use of
            data
            collection technologies by social media sites, please visit each site’s privacy policy.
SERVICE PROVIDERS & PARTNERS.
From time to time, we may receive personal information about you from our service providers and other partners, including from our marketing partners or from third-parties conducting identity or address verification, payment processing, credit checks,  processing lines of credit, or from our excursion partners or other partners providing activities or co-branded services. We use this information to validate your identity, age and address, to comply with our legal obligations, to monitor activity to identify and provide you with promotions and offers onboard and for future travel, and to prevent fraud, protect our rights and the rights of others, to inform our marketing and advertising activities, calculate loyalty points and administer our loyalty program, and to help provide our Services.
OTHER TRAVELERS.
We may obtain information about you from other travelers who are
            traveling
            with you or who have traveled with you, as well as your emergency contacts. We use this information to book
            your travel itinerary, communicate with you and those traveling with you about the Services, to support
            public health initiatives, to administer the Services, and for the purpose for which it was provided to us.
TRAVEL AGENTS.
If you purchase travel through a travel
            agent, the agent may send us your personal identifiers, commercial information and information about health
            or
            medical conditions. We will use this information to complete the transaction, book your travel itinerary,
            communicate with you and those traveling with you about the Services, analyze trends, improve our business,
            and
            facilitate your vacation experience. They may retain a copy of this data and are required to have
            appropriate
            admin, technical and other safeguards. The travel agent is solely responsible for the processing of personal
            data they retain. Please review privacy notice of each applicable travel agent for more information about
            their processing practices.
PUBLICLY AVAILABLE INFORMATION.
We may also collect
            information about you that is publicly available. For example, we may collect information you publicly post
            or
            tag us in on social media sites, such as Facebook or Google, elsewhere online, and information contained in
            public records databases. We will use this information to conduct market research, verify your identity,
            prevent
            fraud, and improve our Services.
In addition to the uses described above, we may collect and use personal information for the following purposes:
To create, maintain, improve, and operate the Services.
To personalize your user experience.
To communicate with you to provide technical or administrative support.
To conduct, manage, and grow our organization.
To analyze, research, investigate and improve the use of our Services and
            interactions with our guests.
To prevent, investigate, and defend against fraud, unlawful or criminal
            activity, unauthorized access to or use of personal information and our data system services, and to comply
            with
            legal requirements, obligations and other governmental demands.
To investigate and resolve disputes and security issues and to enforce our
Terms of
                Service
and any other contracts you have entered into with us.
For any other lawful, legitimate business purpose.
Back to top
HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
We may share your personal information in the instances described below. For further information on your choices
        regarding your information, see the “
Choices About Your
            Information
” section below.
We may share your personal information in the following ways:
AFFILIATES.
We may share personal information with our other Carnival Corporation
            companies, businesses, brands and affiliated entities in our family of companies, who may use your personal
            information in the manner described in this Privacy Notice. Please visit
our website
to learn more about the
            different brands in the Carnival Corporation family of companies, including how to contact each with privacy
            related inquiries.
SERVICE PROVIDERS.
We share information with third party vendors and service providers that
            perform services for or on our behalf, which may include identifying and serving targeted advertisements,
            providing mailing or email services, tax and accounting services, product fulfillment, payments processing,
            photo sharing, data processing and enhancement services, medical and health purposes, fraud prevention, web
            hosting, analytic services, or other online functionality, subject to appropriate contractual terms
            protecting the confidentiality and use of such data.
PROMOTIONAL PARTNERS.
We may share limited personal
            information with third parties with whom we partner to provide promotions, excursions, activities, contests,
            and
            sweepstakes, or other promotional activities. The partner will usually be identified by name in our
            promotion,
            contest, or sweepstakes communication.
WITH TRAVEL AND EXCURSION PARTNERS.
Some onboard products
            and services, excursions and other activities are provided by other companies or you may book a travel
            through
            multiple operators, such as a travel agent or airline. We may share personal identifers and similar
            information
            before, during and after your cruise to facilitate your travel activities, provide your requested services,
            and
            provide a seamless service to our guests.
AT YOUR REQUEST.
With your consent or at your direction, we may share your information
            with. your friends and family through the Services or on various social media networks, or with third
            parties to whom you direct us to share information, such as excursion partners, medical providers or your
            travel agent. If you post a product review on our website or a comment on our social media sites, the
            information you provide may be displayed on publicly online for others to view.
SELECT MARKETING AND STRATEGIC BUSINESS PARTNERS:
We may share limited data with our marketing and strategic business partners, who may use this information for their own business and commercial purposes in accordance with their own privacy policies. For example, these partners may send you emails to provide you with information and marketing messages about products or services that may interest you. You may be given the option to opt-in or opt-out of such sharing, consistent with the laws of the applicable jurisdiction.
CORPORATE TRANSACTIONS:
Personal information may be
            disclosed to third parties in connection with a corporate transaction, such as a merger, sale of any or all
            of
            our assets or shares, reorganization, financing, change of control or acquisition of all or a portion of our
            business by an affiliate or third party, or in the event of a bankruptcy or related or similar proceedings;
            and
FOR HEALTH AND SAFETY REASONS:
Your health and safety is important to us. We may share
            personal information with third parties or individuals if we reasonably believe in good faith that such
            action is necessary to protect the personal safety or health of our guests, crew, family members or other
            individuals. For example, we may disclose your personal identifiers and medical information if you require
            medical assistance or if we believe that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to inform health care and
            we may disclose similar information to your family members and emergency contacts, insurance providers,
            medical providers and family assistance companies in the event of health or safety incident. We may also
            disclose personal identifiers and health or medical information to our personnel and contractors, port
            agents and authorities, government officials, health agencies or any other individual or institution as
            reasonably needed to support public health initiatives, comply with our legal or regulatory obligations,
            attend to your medical and safety needs, facilitate investigations and remedies, track and mitigate risks of
            communicable illness including COVID-19, and to protect the rights, health and safety of our guests, crew,
            and others.
LAW ENFORCEMENT, GOVERNMENT AUTHORITIES, REGULATORS AND FOR SAFETY OR
                LEGAL REASONS:
We may share personal information with third-parties as required by law or
            subpoena
            or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to (a) comply with the our legal obligations under
            the
            laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate; (b) to comply with the lawful or reasonable requests of law
            enforcement, government authorities, courts or to respond to legal process; (c) to enforce our Terms of Use
            or
            to protect the security or integrity of our Service; and/or (d) to exercise or protect the rights, property,
            or
            personal safety or health of us, our guests, online visitors, or any other third-party. For example, and we
            may
            be required to disclose your personal identifiers, customer records and other information to customs
            agencies or
            port authorities in the locations where we stop in port.
We may also share information with others in an aggregated or otherwise anonymized form that does not reasonably
        identify you.
All the above categories exclude text messaging originator opt-in data and consent, which will not be shared with any third parties, except as follows: (1) sharing with vendors, consultants, and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work on our behalf, and who will not use such information for their own purposes; (2) if we believe disclosure is required by any applicable law, rule, or regulation, or is necessary to comply with law enforcement or other legal process; (3) if you consent to our sharing of such information; or (4) sharing that is otherwise allowed by law and is in accordance with carrier terms and conditions.
Back to top
CHOICES
        ABOUT YOUR INFORMATION
PROFILE ACCESS & SHARING SETTINGS.
You may access and update your profile information,
            such
            as
            your user name, address, or billing information, and may change some of your data sharing preferences on
            your
            account page.
GEOLOCATION & DEVICE CONTENT.
You may control location tracking by adjusting your
            location
            services options on the “Settings” app on your mobile device. We may continue to approximate your location
            based
            on your IP address when you access the Services through a computer or device. If you would like to update
            your
            device content access permissions, such as permissions to access your camera or address book, you can do so
            in
            the "Settings" app on your mobile device.
MEDALLIONCLASS™.
To avoid the collection of your position and movement data collected, do
            not use the
            Medallion®. You may contact the staff on board the ship to request a card to access your guest room and pay
            for on board transactions in lieu of the Medallion®. The sensors will still be able to detect your on board
            position when you use the card to access your room, make a payment, or take a photo, but the card cannot be
            read by the long-range sensors to track movement data around the ship. Some features of the MedallionClass™
            Services will not be available to you if you do not use the Medallion®.
PROMOTIONAL MESSAGES.
You can stop receiving promotional email communications from us by
            following the “unsubscribe” instructions provided in such communications. We make every effort to promptly
            process all unsubscribe requests. You may still receive Service-related communications, including account
            verification, transactional communications, changes/updates to features of the Services, and technical and
            security notices.
ACCESSING, CORRECTING OR DELETING YOUR INFORMATION.
In accordance with the applicable
            jurisdictional laws,
            you may have the right to request to access, correct, or delete your personal information, or remove your
            name or comments from our website or publicly displayed content. We may not be able to modify or delete your
            information in all circumstances.
To access, modify or delete your personal information, please submit a request by:
Emailing
dpo@carnival.com
with sufficient information to
                        identify you and your request,
Filling out our
Request Form
, or
Calling
1-855-845-2599
We will need to verify your identity before processing your request,
                        which may require us to
                        request additional personal information from you or require you to log into your account.
In certain circumstances, we may decline a request to exercise the
                        requests described above,
                        particularly where we are unable to verify your identity. If we are unable to comply with all or
                        a portion of your request, we will explain the reasons for declining to comply with the request.
REQUESTS FOR MINOR CHILDREN.
If you wish to submit a request to access, modify or
                    delete information on behalf of your minor child in accordance with applicable jurisdictional laws,
                    you must provide sufficient information to allow us to reasonably verify your child is the person
                    about whom we collected personal information and you are authorized to submit the request on your
                    child’s behalf (i.e., that you are the child’s legal guardian or authorized representative).
ABOUT OUR ADS.
We participate in interest-based advertising and use
            third party advertising companies to serve you targeted advertisements based on your browsing history. To
            learn
            more about our advertising practices and your choices relating to advertising, please see the
About Our Ads
section for more information.
Back to top
COVID-19 NOTICE
In response to the global coronavirus pandemic and to protect against the risks of other communicable illness,
        all guests may be required to undergo health screenings and we will collect additional information recommended
        by public health authorities or other government agencies or to otherwise demonstrate our guests’ ongoing health
        and fitness to travel, including:
CONTACT INFORMATION.
Information such as name, nationality, country of residence,
            originating address, destination address, telephone, and email;
SYMPTOMS AND HEALTH INFORMATION.
Information regarding the presence or absence of possible
            COVID-19 or other global pandemic symptoms, which may be collected through temperature scans, tissue
            sampling, medical examinations, surveys or questionnaires, as well as information about pre-existing medical
            conditions;
EXPOSURE.
Information regarding potential exposure to or infection with COVID-19 or other
            global pandemic, which may include recent travel history, contacts with guests, crew or other individuals.;
CONTACT TRACING VIA WEARABLE DEVICE TECHNOLOGY AND OCEANORBIT™ CONTACT TRACING SYSTEM.
Information about on-board contacts with crew, guests or other individuals collected via wearable technology
            such as the Medallion® on MedallionClass™ ships and properties and/or the OceanOrbit™ Contract Tracing
            system. These devices collect data, such as personal contact, time stamp, duration of contact and frequency
            of contact with others.
AS REQUIRED BY LAW.
Information collected by our on-board crew or reservations staff
            pursuant to directives by public health organizations or other government agencies.
We collect and use this information because:
we must comply with certain regulatory requirements regarding public health, including to determine your
            fitness to travel consistent with applicable government regulations and guidelines;
we have a legitimate business interest in ensuring the health and safety of our passengers, crew and the
            public;
we have a legitimate business interest in complying with legal and regulatory requirements applicable in the
            various jurisdictions in which we operate;
we need to use this information to perform our contract with you to provide our vacation experiences.
Contact Tracing through OceanOrbit™ Contract Tracing System.
To help mitigate and manage the
        potential spread of
        COVID-19 or other global pandemic illnesses, we use wearable device technology to identify individuals who may
        have been exposed to COVID-19 and to rapidly detect potential secondary cases that may arise after transmission
        from an infected individual. The OceanOrbit™ device is a wearable portable electronic device that collects data
        as guests and crew interact with one another in public and in private areas by broadcasting and recording the
        presence and proximity of other OceanOrbit™ devices. The OceanOrbit™ system collects time stamps, duration of
        contact and frequency of contacts. The raw data is associated with the device ID number but will be correlated
        with guest or crew personal information in the event that contract tracing is called for. On MedallionClass™
        ships, we may use on board contact data collected in connection with the Medallion®, rather than the OceanOrbit™
        system, which will be linked to your personal information in the same manner as all other OCEAN® data. As part
        of our contract tracing efforts, we take reasonable precautions to respect our Guests’ privacy and
        confidentiality by communicating contact exposure information in a manner that is not personally identifiable.
        However, information about you may be disclosed in a manner that could allow the recipient to determine your
        identity. For example, if we determine that it is necessary to disclose to a guest that she was in contact with
        an individual who tested positive for COVID-19 for a period of 1-2 hours on a particular date, that guest may be
        able to ascertain the likely identity of the unnamed individual based on her personal experience.
We may disclose your personal information, contacts and health information with third parties or individuals to
        attend to your medical and safety needs and those of our guests and crew; to comply with legal and regulatory
        requirements; to facilitate public health response initiatives; to conduct contract tracing of individuals who
        are exposed to or test positive for COVID-19 or other communicable illness while staying with us; or if we
        reasonably believe that such disclosure is necessary to inform your health care or to protect the personal
        safety or health of our guests, crew, or other individuals. For example, we may disclose personal identifiers
        and health or medical information to our personnel and contractors, port agents and authorities, government
        officials, health agencies or any other individual or institution as reasonably needed to support public health
        initiatives, comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, attend to your medical and safety needs,
        facilitate investigations and remedies, track and mitigate risks of communicable illness including COVID-19, and
        to protect the rights, health and safety of our guests, crew, and others.
Back to top
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Though Carnival Cruise Line provides fun for families of all ages, most of our online Services are not intended
        to be used by children, nor do we have actual knowledge that children are using these online Services. When we
        intend to collect personal information from children online, we take additional steps to protect their privacy,
        including:
notifying and obtaining consent from parents and legal guardians, in accordance with applicable law,
limiting our collection of personal information from children to no more than is reasonably necessary to
            participate in the online activity, and
giving parents and legal guardians the ability of access personal information that we have collected from
            their children and to request the personal information be deleted or modified.
If you believe that we might have inadvertently collected information from a child without appropriate parental
        consent, please contact us at
dpo@carnival.com
so
        that we may delete the information as soon as possible.
Where we collect personal information about children (for instance, information provided by a parent or legal
        guardian, travel agent or other travel partner), we process such information in a manner consistent with
        applicable laws protecting the privacy of children’s data.
Back to top
REGION-SPECIFIC
        DISCLOSURES
A. U.S. State Privacy Rights
This section applies to you if you are a resident of the state of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, or Virginia, and provides additional information about our personal information processing practices relating to individual residents of these states.
Collection and Use of Personal Information.
In the last 12 months, we have collected all of the
        categories of personal information described in our Privacy Notice. To learn more about the types of personal
        information we collect, the sources from which we collect it, and the purposes for which we use this
        information, please refer to
How We Collect and
            Use Your Information
of the Privacy Notice.
Sensitive Information.
Some of the categories of personal information described in our Privacy Notice may be classified as “sensitive” under certain U.S. state privacy laws (“sensitive information”), including social security number, driver’s license number, and passport number; payment card number plus expiration date and security code (CVV), and financial account number and routing number; information concerning your health; biometric information for the purposes of uniquely identifying guests; your username and password; personal information collected from a child; and precise geolocation data. We use this sensitive information for the purposes set forth in the
How We Collect and
        Use Your Information
of our Privacy Notice to the extent necessary for the operation of our Services, to enter into and perform a contract with you, to comply with legal and regulatory requirements, to protect the life or physical safety of anyone or as otherwise permissible for our own internal purposes consistent with law.
Deidentified Information. .
We may at times receive, or process personal information to create, deidentified data that can no longer reasonably be used to infer information about, or otherwise be linked to, a particular individual or household. Where we maintain deidentified data, we will maintain and use the data in deidentified form and not attempt to reidentify the data except as required or permitted by law.
Disclosure of Personal Information.
We share personal information with third parties for
        business purposes or we may sell your personal information to third parties, subject to your right to opt out of
        those sales. The categories of third parties to whom we sell or disclose your personal information for a
        business purpose include: (i) other brands and affiliates in our family of companies; (ii) our service
        providers; (iii) marketing and strategic partners; (iv) promotional partners; (v) ad networks and advertising
        partners; (vi) analytics providers; (vii) social networks; and (viii) government authorities. To learn more
        about how we disclose data to third
        parties, please refer to
How We Share Your
            Information
of the Privacy Notice.
Unless you have exercised your Right to Opt Out of personal information sales, we may sell personal information
        to third parties for monetary or other valuable consideration. The third parties to whom we sell personal
        information may use such information for their own purposes in accordance with their own privacy statements,
        which may include reselling this information to additional third parties.
In the previous 12 months, we have disclosed the all of the categories of personal information we collect to
        third parties for a business purpose.
In the previous 12 months, we have sold the following categories of personal information to third parties: (i)
        Personal Identifiers; (ii) Commercial Information; (iii) Preferences; (iv) Internet, network and device
        information.
We do not sell sensitive information, and we do not process or otherwise share sensitive information for the purpose of targeted advertising. However, depending on your state of residency and subject to certain legal limitations and exceptions, you may be able to limit, or withdraw your consent for, our processing of sensitive information (as described in the Your Rights and Choices section below), except for where the processing of your sensitive information is necessary to provide you the services or otherwise required by law.
Your Rights and Choices.
Depending on your state of residence, and subject to certain legal limitations and exceptions, you may be able to exercise the following rights:
The Right to Know
whether we are processing any personal information about you and, under California law only, to obtain certain personalized details about the personal information we have collected about you, including: the categories or specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you; the categories of sources of the personal information; the categories of personal information that we have sold or disclosed to third parties for a business purpose, and the categories of recipients to whom personal information was shared, sold or disclosed; and the business or commercial purposes for collecting or selling the personal information.
The Right to Access
to the personal information we have collected about you and, where required by law, the right to obtain a copy of the personal information in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows you to transmit the data to another entity without hindrance.
The Right to Correct
inaccuracies in your personal information, taking into account the nature of the personal information and the purposes of the processing of the personal information.
The Right to Request Deletion
of personal information we
            have collected from you, subject to certain exceptions.
The Right to Limit Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Information
and exercise control over our collection and processing of certain sensitive information.
The Right to Opt Out of Personal Information Sales
to third parties now or in the future.
The Right to Opt Out of Sharing Personal Information for Targeted Advertising
based on your activity across businesses, distinctly-branded websites, applications, or services.
You also have the right to be free of retaliatory or  discriminatory treatment for exercising these rights. However, please note that if the exercise of these rights limits our ability to process personal information (such as in the case of a deletion request), we may no longer be able to provide you our products and services or engage with you in the
        same manner.
How to Exercise your Rights.
You may submit a request to exercise your privacy rights through one of the mechanisms described below. We will need to verify your identity
        and confirm your state of residence before processing your request, which may require us to request additional personal information from you or require you to log into your account, if you have one. These rights may not be available to all U.S. residents. We will process your request in accordance with applicable state law. In certain circumstances, we may decline or limit your request, particularly where we are unable to verify your identity or locate your information in our systems, or as permitted by law.
Please note that we can only process privacy rights requests for personal information processed by Carnival
        Cruise Line. If you have interacted with another brand in our family of companies or any other third party, you
        will have to contact that brand or third party to exercise your California Consumer Requests.
To access, modify or delete your personal information, please submit a request by:
Emailing
dpo@carnival.com
with sufficient information to identify you
            and your request,
Filling out our
Request Form
, or
Calling
1-855-845-2599
To submit a request to opt-out of personal information sales, please submit a request using our
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal
            Information form
to be added to our suppression list.
Additionally, as is common practice among companies that operate online, we permit third party advertising
        networks, social media companies and other third party businesses collect and disclose personal information
        (including preferences, rough geolocation, commercial information and internet, network and device information)
        directly from your browser or device through cookies or tracking technologies when you visit or interact with
        our websites, use our apps or otherwise engage with us. These third parties use this information for the
        purposes of serving targeted ads that are more relevant, for ad campaign measurement and analytics, and for fraud
        detection and reporting and may sell and share that information to other businesses for advertising and other purposes. By
        visiting
the privacy rights website
, you can opt out from sales of this
        type of personal information by businesses that participate in the opt-out tool. To make opt-out requests
        related to mobile apps on your device for businesses participating in the DAA’s CCPA App-based Opt-Out Tool, you
        can download the appropriate app at
YourAdChoices website
. To learn more about how third
        parties collect information through tracking technologies and what other choices you may have in relation to
        those activities, please see
About Our Ads
.
Minors.
We do not sell or, for the purposes of targeted advertising, share the personal information of consumers we know to be less than 16 years
        of age. If we wish to do so in the future, we will first seek affirmative authorization from either the minor
        who is between 13 and 16 years of age, or the parent or guardian of a minor less than 13 years of age.
If you are under the age of 18 and you want to remove your name or comments from our website or publicly
        displayed content, please contact us directly at
dpo@carnival.com
. We may
        not be able to modify or delete your information in all circumstances.
If you wish to submit a privacy request information on behalf of your minor child in accordance with applicable jurisdictional laws, you must provide sufficient information to allow us to reasonably verify your child is the person about whom we collected personal information and you are authorized to submit the request on your child’s behalf (i.e., that you are the child’s legal guardian or authorized representative).
Authorized Agents.
In certain circumstances, you may permit an authorized agent to submit
        requests on your behalf. The authorized agent must provide a letter signed by you confirming the agent has
        permission to submit a request on your behalf, or must provide sufficient evidence to show that the authorized
        agent has been lawfully vested with power of attorney.
For security purposes, we may need to verify your identity and confirm directly with you that you have provided
        the authorized agent permission to submit the request, and it may take additional time to fulfil agent-submitted
        requests. We may deny a request in the event we are not able to verify the authorized agent’s authority to act
        on your behalf. Please note that for privacy and security reasons, we will direct future communications to the
        data subject on whose behalf the request was made.
Notice of Financial Incentive.
Notice of Financial Incentive. We offer various financial
        incentives. For example, the financial incentives we may provide include:
Discounts, coupons and special offers via email when you sign up for our email list or create an account.
Rewards when you refer a friend who has never sailed or booked with us before.
Loyalty programs, where you earn rewards based upon your past travel or spend with us, or through co-branded credit cards such as
Carnival’s VIFP Club
.
When you sign up for our email list or create an account, you opt-in to participate in a financial incentive
        program. Participation in any financial incentive program is entirely optional and participants may withdraw
        from the program at any time. To opt-out of the program and forgo any ongoing incentives, you may unsubscribe
        from our emails (for email-based incentives), close your account (for loyalty and reward program incentives) or
        submit a request to delete your information. The financial incentives we offer to consumers are reasonable
        related to the value of the consumer’s data to our business, based on our reasonable but sole determination. We
        estimate the value of consumers’ personal information by considering the expense incurred by the business
        related to the collection, storage and retention of consumers’ personal information in the context of the
        financial incentive program and the expenses related to the provision of the financial incentive. From time to
        time, we may provide additional terms that apply to a particular financial incentive, which will be presented to
        you at the time you sign up for the financial incentive.
The terms applicable to each program and other offering are provided at the time an eligible individual is offered an opportunity to participate. Interested individuals can opt-in to these financial incentives by following the instructions presented at the time the offer is made. Participating individuals may withdraw from our programs and other offerings at any time by following the instructions provided in connection with each offering or by contacting us with the information found in the Contact Us section below.
“Shine The Light” Law.
California's "Shine the Light" law (Civil Code Section §1798.83)
        provides certain rights to California residents that have an established business relationship with us with
        regard
        to the disclosure of certain types of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
        To
        opt-out of having your personal information disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes,
        please
        complete our
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal
            Information Form
and provide your contact information
        to be added to our suppression list.
California Consumer Rights Metrics 2021.
The following data reflects the California consumer rights requests that we have processed in the 2021 calendar year (January 2021 – December 2021):
2021 California Consumer
                            Rights Requests
#
The number of requests to know that the business received, complied with in whole or in part, and denied
12
The number of requests to delete that the business received, complied with in whole or in part, and denied
217
The number of requests to opt-out that the business received, complied with in whole or in part, and denied
678
The median or mean number of days within which the business substantively responded to requests to know, requests to delete, and requests to opt-out.
1
Back to top
B. NEVADA PRIVACY RIGHTS
Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes permits a Nevada resident to opt out of future sales of certain
        covered information that a website operator has collected or will collect about the resident. If you are a
        Nevada resident, you may submit a request to opt out of potential future sales under Nevada law by emailing us
        at
dpo@carnival.com
or completing the
Do Not Sell or Share My
            Personal Information Form
. Please include sufficient
        information for us to identify you in your email, such as information about previous voyages, or, if applicable,
        your account information. Please note we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity and the authenticity
        of the request.
Back to top
C. EUROPEAN PRIVACY RIGHTS
This section applies to you if you are a resident of a member state of the European Economic Area, the United
        Kingdom and Switzerland. The European Data Protection Regulation and corresponding law in the other European
        States not being member of the European Union requires us to to disclose certain information regarding the
        personal information we collect about you and your rights in respect of personal information that we hold.
Legal Basis for the Processing of Your Personal Information.
Our processing of your personal
        information as
        described in the Section
“How We Collect and
            Use Your Information”
is based on the following legal grounds:
Consent:
We may need your consent in connection with our promotional activities in
            particular, such as
            sending you promotional messages, if you decide to participate in sweepstakes, to deploy certain cookies
            when you use our online services and where you use certain Services where we collect location information or
            information about your health or medical conditions.
Where we need your consent, you have the right
            not to provide consent, or to withdraw it at any time. The withdrawal of your consent does not affect the
            lawfulness of our use of your personal information before your withdrawal. If you have granted us consent to
            use your personal information, we will use it only for the purposes specified in the consent declaration.
            Please note that to the extent our processing is based on your consent and you deny your consent or withdraw
            it, we may not be able to provide the Service relating thereto. Besides from that, neither the initial
            denial nor a withdrawal will have any negative consequences for you.
Perform or enter into a contract or quasi contractual relationship with you: We rely on this legal basis in
            particular in the following cases:
to manage your travel bookings and orders;
to provide you with our Services, e.g., process your on-board purchases of goods or Services,
to communicate with you to provide technical or administrative support, or
to be able to provide our online Services.
Compliance with legal obligations:
We may be obliged to process personal information to
            comply with our
            legal obligations, for example where we are required to retain data for tax law or commercial purposes or
            where we must comply with regulatory requirements regarding public health or gambling.
Legitimate interests:
We may base the processing of your personal information on our
            legitimate interests where (i) neither of the afore listed legal bases apply and (ii) where the processing
            of your personal information is necessary for our legitimate interests. Such cases may include the following
            in particular:
to conduct customer surveys in order to enhance and optimize your vacation experience;
to protect our rights and the rights of our guests;to prevent, investigate, and defend against
                    fraud, unlawful or criminal activity, unauthorized access to or use of personal information and our
                    data system services;
to investigate and resolve disputes and security issues;
to provide you with personalized Services;
to communicate with you and reply to your questions or comments submitted to us by any means; and
to pursue or defend against legal claims.
Where we process your personal information based on our legitimate interests, we will only do so where we
            have appropriately assessed and balanced our interests against your right to privacy.
Additional Information on How Your Personal Information Is Transferred Globally.
In case your
        personal
        information is transferred to jurisdictions located outside of the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom or
        Switzerland, for example, to the United States or any other country where we have operations, we will ensure
        that appropriate safeguards exist and are taken, such as:
the recipient of the personal information is located within a country that benefits from an “adequacy”
            decision of the European Commission;
the recipient has signed a contract based on the standard contractual clauses approved by the European
            Commission, obliging them to protect your personal information;
or in the absence of the above appropriate safeguards, we will ask you for your explicit consent for the
            cross-border transfer of your personal information or take any other measures that are recognized as
            providing a sufficient level of protection for your personal information.
Please be aware that the United States’ laws have not yet been acknowledged as providing for a data protection
        standard which is adequate to the ones within your jurisdiction.
For more information about the safeguards relating to personal information transfers you may contact our Data
        Protection Officer by sending an email to
dpo@carnival.com
.
Your Rights:
You are entitled to the following rights in respect of personal information that
        we hold:
RIGHT OF ACCESS
. The right to obtain access to your personal information.
RIGHT TO RECTIFICATION
: The right to obtain rectification of your personal information
            where that personal information is inaccurate or incomplete.
RIGHT TO ERASURE
. The right to obtain the erasure of your personal information in certain
            circumstances, such as where the personal information is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for
            which it was collected or processed.
RIGHT TO RESTRICTION
. The right to obtain the restriction of the processing undertaken by
            us on your personal information in certain circumstances, such as where the accuracy of the personal
            information is contested by you, for a period enabling us to verify the accuracy of that personal
            information.
RIGHT TO OBJECT
. YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO OBJECT TO ANY PROCESSING JUSTIFIED BY LEGITIMATE
            INTERESTS BASED ON GROUNDS RELATING TO YOUR PARTICULAR SITUATION AT ANY TIME. SHOULD YOU DECIDE TO OBJECT TO
            THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION, WE WILL STOP PROCESSING PERSONAL INFORMATION CONCERNING YOU,
            UNLESS WE CAN DEMONSTRATE COMPELLING REASONS FOR CONTINUING TO PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION THAT
            OVERRIDE YOUR INTERESTS, RIGHTS AND FREEDOMS OR IN THE CASE THAT WE ESTABLISH, EXERCISE, OR DEFEND OUR LEGAL
            CLAIMS. YOU CAN OBJECT TO DIRECT MARKETING ACTIVITIES AT ANY TIME FOR ANY REASON WHATSOEVER.
RIGHT TO DATA PORTABILITY
. You have the right to obtain a copy of your personal information
            in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and transmit such data to another provider or
            have such data transmitted to another provider under certain circumstances.
RIGHT TO WITHDRAW CONSENT
. If you have given us your consent to process your personal
            information but change your mind later, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. The
            withdrawal of your consent does not affect the lawfulness of our use of your personal information before
            your withdrawal. If you want to withdraw your consent with regard to receiving promotional communications,
            you can unsubscribe through the method described in each promotional message.
In some cases, our ability to uphold these rights for you may depend upon our obligations to process personal
        information for security, safety, fraud prevention reasons, compliance with regulatory or legal requirements, or
        because processing is necessary to deliver the services you have requested. Where this is the case, we will
        inform you of specific details in response to your request.
For further information on how to exercise those rights, you may contact our Data Protection Officer by sending
        an email to
dpo@carnival.com
or visiting the
GDPR Request Form Page
.
        You
        also have the right to lodge a
        complaint with the competent data protection supervisory authority. Information about how to contact your local
        data protection supervisory authority is available at the
European Data Protection Board website
.
Back to top
D. BRAZILIAN PRIVACY RIGHTS
This section applies to you if your personal information: (i) is processed in the Brazilian territory; or (ii)
        has been collected in the Brazilian territory. Also, this section applies to you if the purpose of the
        processing activity is the offer or supply of goods or services within the Brazilian territory.
Your Rights.
According to the Brazilian General Data Protection Law, Law No. 13.709/18
            (“
LGPD
”), you may be able to exercise the following rights, at any time upon request:
confirmation of the existence of processing;
access to the personal information;
correction of incomplete, inaccurate or outdated personal information;
anonymization, blocking or elimination of unnecessary or excessive data or of data processed in
                noncompliance with the provisions of the LGPD;
portability of your personal information to other service providers or suppliers of product, at the
                express request, and observing our business and industrial secrets;
elimination of the personal information processed with the consent, except in the events set forth on
                the topic “Termination of the processing” below;
information of the public and private entities with which the controller carried out the shared use of
                personal information;
information on the possibility of not providing consent and on the consequences of the denial;
revocation of the consent.
Termination of the Processing
. Your personal information shall be eliminated after termination
        of the processing thereof, within the scope and technical limits of the activities, and conservation thereof
        shall be authorized for the following purposes:
compliance with a statutory or regulatory obligation by Carnival Cruise Line;
transfer to third parties in accordance with the data processing requirements set forth in the LGPD; or
exclusive use of the personal information by Carnival Cruise Line, providing the personal information are
         anonymized and that the access thereto by third parties will be prohibited by Carnival Cruise Line.
Back to top
E. CHINESE PRIVACY RIGHTS
This section applies to you if: (i) your personal information is processed within the territory of the People’s
        Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan, the “
PRC
”), or (ii) you are within
        the territory of China and your personal information is processed outside of China for the purposes of providing
        goods or services to you, or analyzing or evaluating your behaviors. PRC law requires us to disclose certain
        information set forth below.
Processing of Sensitive Personal Information.
Under the PRC law, sensitive personal information
        includes information regarding such as biometrics, religious beliefs, race, ethnicity, medical health, financial
        accounts, and location tracking, as well as the personal information of minors under the age of 14
        (“
Minor(s)
”). For example, we may process your sensitive personal information in an incident,
        for health screenings, or for security purposes. We may process certain of your sensitive personal information
        only when we have your consent or another legal basis to do so. Where your consent is the legal basis for
        processing your sensitive personal information (such as related to our MedallionClass™ Services), we will seek
        your prior consent separately. For more information on our processing of your sensitive personal information,
        please refer to the
How We Collect and
            Use Your Information
section of the Privacy Notice.
Before processing a Minor’s personal information, we will seek consent from their parent or other legal
        guardian.
Legal Basis for the Processing of Your Personal Information.
.Our processing of your personal
        information as described in the Section
“How We Collect and
            Use Your Information”
is based on the following legal grounds:
Consent:
We may need your consent in connection with our promotional activities in particular, such as sending you
            promotional messages, if you decide to participate in sweepstakes, to deploy certain cookies when you use
            our online services and where you use certain Services where we collect location information or information
            about your health or medical conditions.
We may need your consent in connection with our promotional activities in particular, such as sending you
            promotional messages, if you decide to participate in sweepstakes, to deploy certain cookies when you use
            our online services and where you use certain Services where we collect location information or information
            about your health or medical conditions.
Enter into or perform a contract with you:
We rely on this legal basis in particular in the
            following cases:
to manage your travel bookings and orders;
to provide you with our Services, e.g., process your on-board purchases of goods or Services
to communicate with you to provide technical or administrative support, or
to be able to provide our online Services.
Carry out legal responsibilities or legal obligations:
We may be obliged to process
            personal information to carry out our legal responsibilities or legal obligations, for example where we are
            required to retain data for tax law or commercial purposes or where we must comply with regulatory
            requirements regarding public health or gambling.
Respond to an emergency:
We may collect and process your personal information in order to
            respond to a public health emergency or to protect a natural person’s life, health and property safety in an
            emergency.
Reasonably process legitimately published personal information:
We may reasonably process
            your personal information that has been published by you or otherwise has been published legitimately.
Your Rights:
You are entitled to the following rights in respect of your personal information
        that we hold:
RIGHT TO KNOW AND DECIDE.
You have the right to know and to decide about processing of your personal information unless the law
            provides otherwise. For example, we may be obligated by law to keep certain information confidential or may
            be exempted from notification under certain circumstances. You also have the right to request us to explain
            our rules on processing your personal information.
RIGHT TO RESTRICT OR OBJECT.
You have the right to restrict or object to any processing of your personal information unless the law
            provides otherwise. For example, you may not be able to restrict or object to processing that is made on a
            legal basis other than your consent.
RIGHT TO ACCESS AND REPRODUCE.
You have the right to access your personal information or to obtain a copy of your personal information
            unless we are obligated by law to keep certain information confidential.
RIGHT TO TRANSFER.
You have the right to transfer your personal information to another processor appointed by you, provided
            that the transfer meets the requirements set forth by the Cyberspace Administration of China.
RIGHT TO RECTIFY AND SUPPLEMENT.
You have the right to have your personal information rectified or supplemented where that personal
            information is inaccurate or incomplete.
RIGHT TO ERASE.
You have the right to request the erasure of your personal information. However, if we are obligated by law
            to retain your personal information for a longer period of time, or it is technically unfeasible to erase
            your personal information, we will retain your personal information with necessary security protection
            measures and will not otherwise process your personal information.
In some cases, our ability to uphold these rights for you may depend upon our obligations to process personal
        information for security, safety, fraud prevention reasons, compliance with regulatory or legal requirements, or
        because processing is necessary to deliver the services you have requested. Where this is the case, we will
        inform you of specific details in response to your request.
Please also note that after an individual passed away, their next of kin may be able to exercise the individual
        rights of the deceased in accordance with law.
For further information on how to exercise those rights, you may contact our Data Protection Officer by sending
        an email to
dpo@carnival.com
. You also have the right to lodge a complaint
        with a competent personal information protection authority.
Back to top
F. JAPAN PRIVACY RIGHTS
This section applies to you if you are a resident of Japan, in accordance with the Act of Protection of Personal
        Information (the “APPI”) of Japan.
Inquiries and Complaints.
We shall respond appropriately to requests permitted under the APPI
        including requests for inquiries and complaints regarding the handling of personal information. Please submit a
        request in the same way prescribed in
“ACCESSING, MODIFYING OR DELETING YOUR INFORMATION”
.
Back to top
HOW WE
        PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
We care about the security of your information and employ physical, administrative, and technological safeguards
        designed to preserve the integrity and security of all information collected through our Service. However, no
        security system is impenetrable and we cannot guarantee the security of our systems 100%.
In the event that any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, we will
        take steps to investigate the situation and, where appropriate, notify those individuals whose information may
        have been compromised and take other steps in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
While we take steps to protect your personal information and keep it secure, you also play a role in protecting
        your information. You can help to maintain the security of your online and mobile transactions by not sharing
        your reservation number, username, or password with anyone.
DATA RETENTION.
We will only store your personal information for as long as necessary to achieve the purpose of collection as set out in this Privacy Notice in accordance with our data retention policies, unless a longer retention period is required by applicable law. If we are required by applicable law to store your personal information beyond this period (e.g., for tax and commercial law reasons), we will delete the personal information after the end of this storage period.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use and disclosure of your personal information, the purposes for which we process the personal information, and the applicable legal requirements. After the expiry of the aforementioned retention periods, we will delete or anonymize your personal information.
If, after you sign up for our promotional emails, you unsubscribe from receiving our promotional emails, we will delete your personal information from our mailing lists. However, we might store your email address in a blacklist to ensure that you will not receive any further communication.
Back to top
TSA
        SECURE FLIGHT NOTICE
The Transportation Security Administration (TSA) requires you to provide your full name, date of birth and
        gender for the purpose of watch list screening under the authority of 49 U.S.C. section 114, the Intelligence
        Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 and 49 C.F.R. parts 1540 and 1560 for all commercial air travel
        within, into or out of the United States which is booked on or after August 15, 2009. You may also provide your
        Redress Number, if available.
If you book commercial air travel within, into or out of the United States in conjunction with your voyage we
        will request this information from you and forward it to the TSA as required by law. Failure to provide your
        full name, date of birth, and gender may result in denial of transport or denial of authority to enter the
        boarding area.
TSA may share information you provide with law enforcement or intelligence agencies or others under its
        published system of records notice. For more on TSA privacy policies or to review the system of records notice
        and the privacy impact assessment, please see the
TSA Website
.
Back to top
LINKS
        TO THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
The Services may contain links to and from third party websites of our business partners, advertisers, and
        social media sites and our users may post links to third party websites. If you follow a link to any of these
        websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any
        responsibility or liability for their policies. We strongly recommend that you read their privacy policies and
        terms and conditions of use to understand how they collect, use, and share information. We are not responsible
        for the privacy practices or the content on the websites of third party sites.
Back to top
CHANGES TO
        OUR PRIVACY NOTICE
We may modify or update this Privacy Notice from time to time to reflect the changes in our business and
        practices, and you should review this page periodically. We will update the “Last Updated” date at the top of
        this page when we post changes to this Notice. If you object to any changes, you may close your account.
        Continuing to use our Services after we publish changes to this Privacy Notice means that you are consenting to
        the changes.
Back to top
COMMENTS?
        QUESTIONS? CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice or the website, please Contact Customer Service Calling
1-855-845-2599
.
Data Protection Officer:
dpo@carnival.com
450 Third Ave. W., Seattle WA 98119-4002, ATTN DPO
ABOUT OUR ADS
Effective Date: February 1, 2023
We Use Tracking Technologies
When you visit our Sites and access or use our Services, read our emails, or otherwise engage with us through a
        computer or mobile device, we and our third-party partners, automatically collect information about how you
        access and use the Services and information about the device you use to access the Services.
This information allows us to improve your customer experience. For example, we and our third-party partners use
        tracking technologies:
To recognize new or current guests and Site visitors.
To store your password if you are registered on our Sites.
To improve our Services.
To serve you with interest-based or targeted advertising (see below for more on interest-based advertising).
To observe your behaviors and browsing activities over time across multiple websites or other platforms.
To better understand the interests of our customers and Site visitors.
Third party data collection and interest-based advertising
We participate in interest-based advertising and use third party advertising companies to serve you targeted
        advertisements based on your browsing history. We permit third party online advertising networks, social media
        companies and other third-party services, to collect information about your use of our Sites, including our
        mobile apps, over time so that they may play or display ads on our Service, on other websites, apps or services
        you may use, and on other devices and advertising channels you may use. Typically, though not always, the information used for
        interest-based advertising is collected through tracking technologies, such as cookies, Flash objects, web
        beacons, embedded scripts, mobile SDKs, location-identifying technologies, and similar technology (collectively,
        “tracking technologies”), which recognize the device you are using and collect information, including click
        stream information, browser type, time and date you visited the site, device ID or AdID, precise geolocation and
        other information.
We, or our third-party partners, may link your various devices so that content you see on one device can result
        in relevant advertising on another device. For example, we may share a common account identifier (such as a hashed email
        address or user ID) or work with third party partners who use tracking technologies or statistical modeling
        tools to determine if two or more devices are linked to a single user or household. Our partners may use this information, and may combine this information with information they collect directly or receive from other partners, both online and offline, so that they may recognize you across different channels and platforms, including computers, mobile devices and smart TVs. We and our third-party partners use this information to make the advertisements and personalized content you see online more relevant to your interests, as well as to provide advertising-related services such as reporting, attribution, analytics and market research.
Social media widgets and advertising
Our Services may include social media features, such as the Facebook Like button, LinkedIn, Snapchat, Instagram,
        Twitter or other widgets. These social media companies may recognize you and collect information about your
        visit to our Service, and they may set a cookie or employ other tracking technologies. Your interactions with
        those features are governed by the privacy policies of those companies.
We display targeted advertising to you through social media platforms, such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram,
        LinkedIn, and other social media forums. These companies have interest-based advertising programs that allow us
        to direct advertisements to users who have shown interest in our Service while those users are on the social
        media platform, or to groups of other users who share similar traits, such as likely commercial interests and
        demographics. We may share a unique identifier, such as a user ID or hashed email address, with these platform
        providers or they may collect information from our Site visitors through a first-party pixel, to
        direct targeted advertising to you or to a custom audience on the social media platform. These advertisements
        are governed by the privacy policies of those social media companies that provide them. If you do not want to
        receive targeted ads on your social networks, you may be able to adjust your advertising preferences through
        your settings on those networks. You may learn more about advertising preferences by clicking on the links
        provided below. Please note that these links are provided for your convenience only and we do not control the
        content or features that may be available on these third-party services.
Facebook
. To learn more about your
            advertising preferences on Facebook Companies,
click here.
LinkedIn.
To learn more about
            advertising preferences on LinkedIn,
click here.
Pinterest.
To learn more about
            personalization and data,
click here.
Snapchat.
To learn more about
            advertising and interest preferences,
click here.
Twitter.
To learn more about privacy
            controls for personalized ads on Twitter,
click here.
Your Ad Choices
Controlling cookies, tracking technologies and Flash cookies.
Most browsers allow you to adjust
        your browser settings to: (i) notify you when you receive a cookie, which lets you choose whether or not to
        accept it; (ii) disable existing cookies; or (iii) set your browser to automatically reject cookies. You may set
        your e-mail options to prevent the automatic downloading of images that may contain technologies that would
        allow us to know whether you viewed or engaged with our emails.
Some websites have “do not track” features that allow you to tell a website not to track you. These features are
        not all uniform. We do not currently respond to those signals. Blocking or deleting cookies may negatively
        impact your experience using the Service, as some features and services on our Service may not work properly.
        Depending on your mobile device and operating system, you may not be able to delete or block all tracking
        technologies. For example, browser-based cookie controls may not affect online advertising that is not cookie-based.
Deleting cookies does not delete Local Storage Objects (LSOs) such as Flash objects and HTML5. You can learn more
        about Flash objects — including how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies — on
Adobe's Website.
If you choose to delete Flash
        objects from our sites, then you may not be able to access and use all or part of the sites or benefit from the
        information and services offered.
Interest-based advertising.
To learn about interest-based advertising and how you may be able to
        opt out of some interest-based advertising, you may wish to visit the
Network Advertising Initiative’s online
            resources
or the
DAA’s resources.
Residents of Canada may visit the
Your Ad Choices Website
Residents of the United Kingdom may visit the
Your Online Choices Website
Residents of the European Union may visit the
Your Online Choices Website
Please note that opting out of receiving interest-based advertising through the NAI’s and DAA’s online resources
        will only opt-out a user from receiving interest-based ads on that specific browser or device, but the user may
        still receive interest-based ads on his or her other devices. You must perform the opt-out on each browser or
        device you use. We may work with some tracking technology partners that do not participate in the DAA or NAI
        self-regulatory programs and these opt-outs will not have any effect on those partner activities.
Note that some of these opt-outs may not be effective unless your browser is set to accept cookies. If you delete
        cookies, change your browser settings, switch browsers or computers, or use another operating system, you may
        need to opt-out again.
Mobile advertising.
You may also be able to limit interest-based advertising through the
        settings on your mobile device by selecting “limit ad tracking” (iOS) or “opt out of interest-based ads”
        (Android). The Digital Advertising Alliance also offers a tool for opting out of the collection of cross-app
        data on a mobile device for interest-based advertising. To exercise choices for the companies participating in
        this tool,
download the AppChoices app.
You may be able to limit the use
        of location data for advertising purposes by adjusting your location services settings on your mobile device.
Third Party Partners
The following is a sample of the third-party service partners we work with to provide cross-device linking and/or
        interest-based advertising services. We will strive to update this list if or when we work with new partners
        that offer you choices about the collection of your information apart from the DAA and NAI opt-out programs
        linked above. As partners change and new technologies become available, this list is likely to change over time
        and may not always reflect our current partners.
Google Analytics and Advertising
. We use Google
            Analytics to recognize you and link the devices you use when you visit our site or Service on
            your browser or mobile device, log in to your account on our Service, or otherwise engage with
            us. We share a unique identifier, like a user ID or hashed email address, with Google to
            facilitate the service. Google Analytics allows us to better understand how our users interact
            with our Service and to tailor our advertisements and content to you. For information on how
            Google Analytics collects and processes data, as well as how you can control information sent to
            Google, review
Google's site 
                “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps” policy.
You can learn
            about Google Analytics’ currently available opt-outs, including the Google Analytics Browser
            Ad-On, by visiting
Google Website.
We may also utilize certain forms of display
            advertising and other advanced features through Google Analytics, such as Remarketing with
            Google Analytics, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, the DoubleClick Campaign Manager
            Integration, and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. These features enable us
            to use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such
            as the DoubleClick advertising cookie) or other third-party cookies together to inform,
            optimize, and display ads based on your past visits to the Service. You may control your
            advertising preferences or opt out of certain Google advertising products by visiting the
Google Ads Preferences Manager
or by visiting
NAI’s online resources.
We may use data matching services such as LiveRamp to
            help us measure advertising effectiveness and analytics and to create data for personalized
            advertising purposes. You can find out how to opt out of LiveRamp’s services by visiting
LiveRamp’s
                Website.
We may participate in the Adobe Experience Cloud and
            Adobe Experience Cloud Device Co-Op to better understand how you use our website and apps across
            the various devices you use, and to deliver tailored promotions. You can learn more about Adobe
            services and the Adobe Experience Cloud and how you can opt out of Adobe advertising solutions
            by visiting
Adobe’s Website.
AddThis (Part of Oracle Marketing & Data Cloud).
Bing Ads.
Drawbridge.
Flashtalking.
OpenX.
Rubicon Project.
The Trade Desk.
This is not a complete list
of all of the advertising partners we may work with. Please visit
        the
DAA’s resources
to learn more about online
        advertising and to exercise your opt-out choices across all participating third-party ad networks.
TICKET CONTRACT
IMPORTANT NOTICE TO GUESTS
THIS DOCUMENT IS A LEGALLY BINDING CONTRACT ISSUED BY CARNIVAL CRUISE LINE TO, AND ACCEPTED BY, GUEST SUBJECT TO THE IMPORTANT TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPEARING BELOW.
THE ATTENTION OF GUEST IS ESPECIALLY DIRECTED TO SECTIONS 1, 4, AND 12 THROUGH 15, WHICH CONTAIN IMPORTANT LIMITATIONS ON THE RIGHTS OF GUESTS TO ASSERT CLAIMS AGAINST CARNIVAL CRUISE LINE, THE VESSEL, THEIR AGENTS AND EMPLOYEES, AND OTHERS, INCLUDING FORUM SELECTION, CHOICE OF LAW, TIME LIMITATIONS FOR FILING SUIT, ARBITRATION, WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL FOR CERTAIN CLAIMS, AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER.
IMPORTANT TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF CONTRACT –
        READ CAREFULLY!
In consideration of the receipt of the total cruise price  and/or boarding and lodging on the vessel to which this Ticket Contract applies (the “Vessel”), Carnival Cruise Line (“Carnival”) and Guest agree that the booking of the cruise and the cruise are subject to the following terms and conditions:
1. DEFINITIONS AND SCOPE OF CONTRACT
(a) Whenever the word “Carnival” is used in this Contract it shall mean and include the Vessel, and all its owners, operators, employees, agents, charterers, and water shuttles. The term “Guest” shall include the plural where appropriate, and means all persons or entities booking or purchasing passage and/or traveling under this Contract, including heirs, representatives, and any accompanying minors. The masculine includes the feminine. “Guest” shall have the same meaning as “Passenger” in this Contract.
(b) “Cruise Fare” or “Fare” means the amount paid for the cruise which includes full board, ordinary ship’s food during the voyage, but not charges or expenses for goods or services voluntarily or incidentally incurred by Guest, including, but not limited to, for spirits, wine, beer, soft drinks or mineral waters, shore excursions, salon and spa services, room service or dining in specialty restaurants, charges for any medical services received onboard, or Service Gratuities (as described below). “Required Cruise Fees and Expenses” means the amount of mandatory and third-party fees and expenses associated with the Cruise Fare for services on board and in port (which are subject to penalty). “Government Taxes and Fees” means taxes and government-imposed fees for the performance of the cruise and related purchases, such as port head taxes, value-added taxes, air and hotel taxes, and similar fees and taxes assessed on the transaction and associated with the Cruise Fare.  “Cruise Charges” means the Cruise Fare and Required Cruise Fees and Expenses, combined. The “Total Cruise Price” means the Cruise Fare, Required Cruise Fees & Expenses and Government Taxes and Fees, combined.
(c) The Total Cruise Price shall be deemed to be earned when paid and not refundable except as stated on Carnival’s website applicable to the voyage and as provided in Section 7 herein. For your convenience, a “Service Gratuity” will be automatically added to the onboard account for each guest, except for children under the age of 2, to recognize the efforts of a wide variety of crewmembers in various departments who contribute to the experiences of all our guests. Service Gratuities, which are subject to adjustment at your discretion, are pooled and distributed in the form of added wages, bonuses and/or crew benefits. A Service Charge will be automatically added to optional purchases for beverages, specialty dining and other voluntary purchases during the cruise.
(d) This ticket is valid only for the person(s) named hereon as Guests and cannot be transferred or modified without Carnival’s written consent. The acceptance or use of this ticket by the person(s) named hereon as Guests shall be deemed acceptance and agreement by each of them to all of the terms and conditions of this cruise Contract.
(e) All rights, exemptions from liability, defenses and immunities of Carnival under this contract shall also inure to the benefit of Carnival’s facilities, whether at sea or ashore, servants, agents, managers, affiliated or related companies, suppliers, shipbuilders and manufacturers of component parts and independent contractors, including, but not limited to, shore excursion or tour operators, ship’s physician, ship’s nurse, retail shop personnel, health and beauty staff, fitness staff, video diary staff, and other concessionaires, who shall have no liability to the Guest, either in contract or in tort, which is greater than or different from that of Carnival.
(f) Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, this contract constitutes the entire agreement between Carnival and Guest and supersedes all other agreements, oral or written. Any alteration to any term of this contract must be in writing and authorized by Carnival. In the event of a direct conflict between a provision of this contract and a provision of the Cruise Industry Passenger Bill of Rights (“PBOR”) in effect at the time of booking PBOR controls. Guests purchasing, spa services or shore excursions through Carnival are subject to the additional terms and conditions which are incorporated by reference. VIFP Members agree to the additional terms and conditions of VIFP membership which are incorporated by reference. Except as provided in Section 14 below, should any provision of this contract be contrary to or invalid by virtue of the law of the jurisdiction in which this contract is sought to be enforced or be so held by a court of competent jurisdiction, such provision(s) shall be deemed to be severed from the Contract and of no effect and all remaining provisions herein shall be in full force and effect and constitute the Contract of Carriage.
(g) Onboard charges and additional expenses charged to Guest’s Sail and Sign® account will be made in the functional currency of the Vessel, which may differ from the type of currency used to secure the booking.
2. TRAVEL DOCUMENTATION AND GUEST OBLIGATIONS
(a) Proper travel documentation and eligibility to travel is required at embarkation and throughout the cruise. In addition to immigration and customs requirements, the U.S. government and others place restrictions on the carriage of Guests whose names appear on government watch lists or who are deemed legally ineligible to travel. It is the Guest’s sole responsibility to ensure his/her legal eligibility to travel and to bring and have available at all times all required travel documents. Guests are advised to check with their travel agent and with the appropriate government authorities to determine the necessary documents and travel eligibility requirements for their particular cruise destinations, including the port of embarkation. Carnival assumes no responsibility for advising Guest of what travel documents are required for the requested itinerary and it is recommended that Guest travel with a valid government issued passport at all times. Carnival may cancel the booking of any Guest who is or becomes ineligible to travel for any reason, or who is traveling without proper documentation. Any such Guest, or any Guest who fails to board the ship at embarkation, shall be ineligible to board the ship thereafter without Carnival’s consent, and shall not attempt to do so at the same or another port. Under these circumstances the Guest shall not be entitled to a refund or compensation of any kind. Guest is responsible for all related costs and fines, including without limitation travel expenses and for proper travel documentation for any port, or for departure from or arrival to their final destination. Under no circumstances shall Carnival be liable for any costs, damages or expenses whatsoever incurred by any Guest as a result of such failure, cancellation or denial of boarding.
(b) Guest acknowledges receipt of Carnival’s applicable website and travel information and agrees to abide by the terms and conditions of not just this Contract, but also the information contained on Carnival’s  website, including but not limited to the information contained in the “Frequently Asked Questions” and “Embarkation Information” sections.
(c) Guest acknowledges that, for a voyage commencing in a United States port for a round-trip voyage via one or more United States ports, Guest must complete the voyage and disembark at the embarkation port. Failure to do so may result in a fine or penalty being imposed by the United States Customs Service or other governmental agency. In consideration for the Cruise Fare paid, Guest agrees to pay any such fine or penalty imposed because of Guest’s failure to complete the voyage.
(d) Carnival shall refuse boarding to any Guest under the age of twenty-one (21) unless: (1) the Guest is traveling in the same stateroom with an individual twenty-five years or older; (2) traveling in the same stateroom with their spouse; or (3) traveling with a parent or guardian in an accompanying stateroom; or (4) is a qualified member of the U.S. military. Adult Guests agree to be responsible at all times for the safety and behavior of their minor Guests who are traveling with them and Guests agree to properly supervise and monitor all minors traveling with them and to prevent such minors from engaging in hazardous horseplay or any other dangerous behavior. Proof of age and/or proof of marriage are required. Carnival shall not be liable to make any refunds or for any damages with respect to any Guest’s failure to provide proper proof of age or marriage or otherwise comply with this provision.
(e) Guests must attend the mandatory safety briefing once onboard at the commencement of the cruise and any subsequent briefing ordered by the ship’s officer during the cruise. Guests shall comply with all onboard health, environmental and safety policies and procedures (including but not limited to those specified in Sections 5 and 6 below and on
Carnival’s website
(opens a new window)
), and shall familiarize themselves with the nature and character of the ship, as well as, all emergency exits, to assist with safe evacuation in the event of an emergency.
(f) Guests must comply with all pre-embarkation, onboard and shore excursion rules and policies including, but not limited to, all environmental and public health policies and procedures, and shall familiarize themselves with the nature and character of the ship, onboard waste /recycling receptacle stations, and Guest agrees to comply with all such policies and procedures, as well as environmental laws and regulations.
(g) Carnival may deny boarding to any persons with  certain enumerated crimes on their record, which include but are not limited to aggravated assault (including aggravated domestic violence), murder, robbery, sexual assault, and other sexual offenses. Carnival reserves the right to access public records containing information about any criminal convictions and/or crimes to which Guest has pleaded guilty as part of its Guest screening process, including obtaining a consumer background report showing such criminal pleas and convictions from a credit reporting agency and to deny embarkation at any time to any person who has been convicted of any of or pleaded guilty to any of the crimes enumerated above. Carnival may also deny boarding to any persons who have violated Carnival’s Code of Conduct in the past or persons whom Carnival deems to be a concern for the safety or wellbeing of other guests or crew. Guest hereby consents to Carnival’s accessing public records concerning Guest and obtaining a consumer background report regarding Guest from a credit reporting agency regarding criminal conviction/s and conduct as part of its screening policy.  In the event a denial of boarding: 1) the reservation of the Guest who is denied boarding because of a criminal record, past violation of Carnival’s Code of Conduct, or because of a concern for the safety or wellbeing of other guests or crew, shall be deemed to have been cancelled by the Guest who is denied boarding on the date of the booking of such Guest’s reservation, and subject to the standard cancellation penalties in Section 7 below  and 2) the booking, reservation and ticket contract of any Guest travelling with any person denied boarding due to this screening policy (including, but not limited to, the booking, reservation or ticket contract of those in the same travel party as Guest, whether or not such person was to stay in the same cabin or another cabin with the individual denied boarding) shall be unaffected and cancellation by any of these other Guests will be subject to the standard cancellation penalties in Section 7 below.
(h), Guests must arrive on time at the port and at their designated arrival appointment time. Except as otherwise expressly provided in Carnival’s Cancellation and Refund Policy, no refunds will be made in the event of “no shows”, unused tickets, lost tickets, partially used tickets, or cancellations received late or after the start of the cruise. Guest further acknowledges and agrees that they must debark the vessel as instructed by the crew and at their designated time slot for debarkation. Guests will not be permitted to delay the debarkation process or request late debarkation.
3. YOUR TRAVEL AGENT; CONTACT INFORMATION AND RELEASE
(a) Any travel agent, sales agent, or third party travel company utilized by the Guest in connection with the booking of the cruise, or this contract, is solely the agent of the Guest and not Carnival. Carnival is not responsible for the financial condition or integrity of any travel agent utilized by Guest. In the event that an agent shall fail to remit to Carnival any monies paid to the agent by Guest, Guest shall be and remain liable for  any fare or other amounts due to Carnival, regardless of whether liability is asserted before or after embarkation. Issuance and validity of ticket contract is conditional upon final payment being received by Carnival prior to sailing. Any refund made by Carnival to an agent on behalf of Guest shall be deemed payment to Guest, regardless of whether the monies are delivered by the agent to Guest. Receipt of this ticket contract, any other documentation or notification pertaining to the cruise by Guest’s travel agent shall constitute receipt by Guest.
(b) Guest agrees that any email address, telephone number, or mailing address provided to Carnival during the booking or per-cruise process by or on behalf of such Guest (“Provided Contact Information”) may be used by Carnival as the email address, telephone number, or mailing address for such Guest, whether or not the Provided Contact Information in fact includes Guest’s individual email address, telephone number, or mailing address.  Guest consents to and agrees that Carnival may use the Provided Contact Information to give any notice or information relating to Guest’s reservation, booking, or ticket contract and that Carnival’s sending of any notice or information by use of the Provided Contact Information shall constitute notice to Guest.  Guest further consents to and agrees that Carnival may communicate with any person contacting Carnival from any Provided Contact Information concerning Guest’s reservation, booking, or ticket contract. GUEST HEREBY RELEASES AND FOREVER DISCHARGES CARNIVAL, AND CARNIVAL’S EMPLOYEES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, AGENTS AND CONTRACTORS, FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, DEMANDS, DAMAGES, ACTIONS, CAUSES OF ACTIONS OR SUITS ARISING OUT OF, OR RELATED TO: 1) CARNIVAL’S USE OF THE PROVIDED CONTACT INFORMATION TO PROVIDE NOTICES OR INFORMATION TO GUEST, OR; 2) CARNIVAL’S COMMUNICATING WITH ANY PERSON CONTACTING CARNIVAL FROM THE PROVIDED CONTACT INFORMATION CONCERNING GUEST’S RESERVATION, BOOKING, OR TICKET CONTRACT.
4. BAGGAGE, PERSONAL PROPERTY, PROHIBITED ITEMS, AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
(a) Each fully paid adult Guest will be allowed a reasonable amount of luggage on board containing their personal belongings. Luggage means only trunks, valises, satchels, bags, hangers and bundles with their contents consisting of only such wearing apparel, toilet articles and similar personal effects as are necessary and appropriate for the purpose of the journey. Carnival reserves the right to inspect all luggage for the safety and security of the Vessel and deny any such luggage it deems unreasonable or unsafe.
(b) You agree that Carnival's liability as a Carrier for loss or damage to baggage is limited to US $250 per bag per Guest up to a maximum of two (2) bags per Guest for sailings 14 days or less and up to a maximum of three (3) bags per Guest for sailings 15 days or longer. Carnival shall not be liable for any loss or theft of or damage to or disposition of cash, securities, negotiable instruments, jewelry, gold, silver or similar valuables or precious stones, works of art, electronics, computers (whether handheld, laptop or other), DVD/Blu-ray players or digital or flash drive computer equipment, disks, memory cards or other electronic storage, handheld or similar devices, cellular telephones, cameras, video or audio tapes, CDs, binoculars, recreational equipment, dental hardware, cosmetics, electric hair appliances, liquids, luggage locks, eyewear (including eyeglasses, sunglasses and contact lenses), hearing aids, medications, medical equipment, wheelchairs, scooters, liquor or other alcoholic beverages, cigarettes, tobacco products or business or other documents under any circumstances, whether carried within Guest’s luggage or otherwise. Use of any stateroom safe will not increase Carnival’s liability as provided in this Ticket Contract.
(c) No tools of trade, household goods, presents and/or property of others, jewelry, money, cameras, documents, valuables of any description including but not limited to such articles as are described in Title 46 of the United States Code section 30503 shall be carried except under and subject to the terms of a special written contract or Bill of Lading entered into with Carnival prior to embarkation upon application of the Guest. The Guest warrants that no such articles are contained in any receptacle or container presented by him as baggage hereunder, and if any such articles are shipped in the Guest’s baggage in breach of this warranty, no liability for negligence, gross or ordinary, shall attach to Carnival for any loss or damage thereto.
(d) Carnival shall not be liable for: (1) Guest’s failure to comply with the requirements set forth in this clause (2) any loss or damage before baggage comes into Carnival’s actual custody on board or after baggage leaves Carnival’s actual custody on board, including, but not limited to, loss or damage by airlines or other transportation services; (3) any loss or damage of baggage while not in the actual possession, custody and control of Carnival; (4) damage due to wear, tear or normal usage; (5) any loss or damage of perishable items, medicine, liquor, cash, securities or other financial instruments, or (6) any loss or damage while in the custody and control of stevedores.
(e) No Guest is permitted to bring on board the Vessel live animals (other than qualified service dogs, with not less than 14 days advance notice given to Carnival). Guest will be solely responsible for any and all damage and/or loss caused by service dogs.
(f) Weapons, knives, firearms, contraband, ammunition, explosives, incendiary devices, or other dangerous items are strictly prohibited aboard the Vessel. Carnival reserves the right to confiscate, destroy and/or turn over to authorities these or any other items it deems in its sole discretion to be detrimental to the safety or comfort of any person or which are otherwise improperly in the possession of any Guest. Each Guest warrants that no such articles are contained in any receptacle or container carried or presented as baggage. Alcoholic beverages are prohibited except as provided for in Section 9.
(g) Marijuana and cannabis, and any and all marijuana and/or cannabis derivatives, and all illegal controlled substances are strictly prohibited and may not be brought on board any Carnival vessel. Marijuana and all marijuana and cannabis derivatives are strictly prohibited from Carnival’s vessels, even if they are legal in some states or jurisdictions. Guest hereby expressly agrees that Carnival has, at all times with or without notice, the right to search Guest’s cabin and baggage and/or personal effects for any prohibited items including but not limited to drugs, weapons, and other contraband, at any location, to ensure compliance with these and other restrictions. Guests and their luggage will be routinely and randomly screened by security personnel and screening tools and equipment, including narcotics and contraband sniffing dogs during embarkation, at ports of call and on board. Any Guest who refuses any such search or screening, or any Guest traveling with such items and/or attempting to board the Vessel with any such items, may be denied boarding or reboarding and/or disembarked and no refund of any portion of the the Total Cruise Price will be issued. Guest will be solely responsible for any and all damage and/or loss caused by his violation of this policy.
5. PUBLIC HEALTH PRACTICES AND PROCEDURES; UNDERSTANDING AND ACCEPTANCE OF RISKS
GUESTS ARE ENCOURAGED TO DISCUSS THE ADVISABILITY OF TRAVEL WITH THEIR PHYSICIAN AND TO REVIEW THE U.S. CENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL AND PREVENTION (“CDC”) WEBSITE FOR UPDATED INFORMATION. GUEST ACKNOWLEDGES, UNDERSTANDS AND ACCEPTS THAT WHILE ABOARD THE VESSEL, IN TERMINALS AND BOARDING AREAS, OR DURING ACTIVITIES ASHORE AND/ OR WHILE TRAVELING TO OR FROM THE VESSEL, THE GUEST OR OTHER GUESTS MAY BE EXPOSED TO COMMUNICABLE ILLNESSES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO COVID-19, INFLUENZA, COLDS AND NOROVIRUS. GUEST FURTHER UNDERSTANDS AND ACCEPTS THAT THE RISK OF EXPOSURES TO THESE COMMUNICABLE ILLNESSES AND OTHERS IS INHERENT IN MOST ACTIVITIES WHERE PEOPLE INTERACT OR SHARE COMMON FACILITIES, ARE BEYOND CARNIVAL’S CONTROL, AND CANNOT BE ELIMINATED UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES. GUEST KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY ACCEPTS THESE RISKS AS PART OF THIS TICKET CONTRACT, INCLUDING THE RISK OF SERIOUS ILLNESS OR DEATH ARISING FROM SUCH EXPOSURES, AND/OR ALL RELATED DAMAGES, LOSS, COSTS AND EXPENSES OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER.
6. NATURE OF CRUISE; FITNESS TO TRAVEL; SPECIAL NEEDS; PREGNANCY AND INFANTS; DISEMBARKATION
(a) The Guest admits a full understanding of the character of the voyage and the Vessel and assumes all risks incident to travel and transportation and handling of Guests and cargo. While at sea or in port the availability of medical care may be limited or delayed. Guest acknowledges that all or part of their voyage may be in areas where medical care and evacuation may not be available. Guest agrees to indemnify and reimburse Carnival in the event Carnival elects to advance the cost of emergency medical care, including medical care provided ashore as well as transportation and/or lodging in connection therewith. Guest acknowledges that their own health insurance will not cover or be applicable to any medical services received on board and that such charges may not be eligible for reimbursement from Guest’s own insurance. Guest acknowledges and agrees that they are solely responsible for all charges related to medical services received onboard and/or at a port of call. Carnival strongly encourages all guests to obtain travel insurance prior to the cruise that can help offset such medical expenses. Guest further acknowledges and agrees that all charges for delivered onboard medical services will be automatically applied to the Guest’s shipboard Sail and Sign® account, even if such charges exceed the limit set on their Sail and Sign® folio.  If Guest is unable to satisfy payment of medical charges on board, Guest agrees that Carnival will be entitled to seek collection of such expenses from the Guest after the cruise. Guests who embark in violation of the Ticket Contract terms assume all associated risks and agree to indemnify and reimburse Carnival for all resulting losses, costs and expenses, including without limitation those related to the Vessel’s deviation from its scheduled route, and other expenses attributable to disembarkation of such Guests. Guests are further advised to refer to Sections 5 and 11 which specify their responsibilities and obligations in these situations.
(b) Carnival’s vessels visit numerous ports in a number of countries. Guests assume responsibility for their own safety and Carnival cannot guarantee Guest’s safety at any time. The United States Department of State, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and other governmental and tourist organizations regularly issue advisories and warnings to travelers and Carnival strongly recommends Guests obtain and consider such information when making travel decisions. Carnival assumes no responsibility for gathering said information.
(c) Guest warrants that Guest and Guest’s travelling party are physically and emotionally fit to travel at the time of embarkation, and further warrants that such Guests have no medical or emotional condition that would endanger any Guest or crewmembers or result in a deviation of the voyage. Any Guest with special medical, physical, or other needs requiring medical attention or special accommodation during the voyage is requested to notify Carnival in writing at the time of booking of such special need. Upon booking the cruise, Guests who have special needs are requested to contact Carnival’s Guest Access Desk (305-599-2600 ext. 70025) to discuss the details of their special needs. Carnival recommends that any Guest who is not self-sufficient travel with a companion who shall take responsibility for any assistance needed during the voyage.  Carnival does not provide one-on-one personal care assistance, and all Guests must be able to provide such care for themselves (e.g., performing personal tasks such as eating, dressing, toileting, bathing, and getting around the ship). Once on board, our crew will not provide any assistance with such personal tasks. Guests are encouraged to contact their treating physician to discuss their health concerns, including pregnancy, before traveling. (See Clause 6(d) below for pregnancy restrictions).
(d) Carnival and the Master each reserves the right to adopt and implement public health protocols, refuse boarding or passage, disembark, or confine to a stateroom any Guest who violates the terms of this ticket contract or Carnival’s policies or any Guest whose physical or mental condition or behavior would be considered, in the sole opinion of the Captain in consultation with the ship's physician, a risk to any Guest or crew member. Guest understands and acknowledges that in addition to the limitations on medical care described in Clause 6(a), prenatal and early infant care, in particular, may require specialized diagnostic facilities and/or treatment that are not available or obtainable during the cruise on board the ship and/or ashore in ports of call. Therefore, any Guest that is unfit to travel, and any Guest who will at any time during the cruise enter her 24th week of estimated gestational age, agrees not to book a cruise or board the ship. Infants must be at least 6 months of age at the time of embarkation in order to sail, however children must be at least 12 months of age at the time of embarkation to sail on the following itineraries: Transoceanic voyages and remote itineraries, where there are more than 2 consecutive sea days. Carnival and the Master reserve the right to disembark any unfit Guest or any Guest whose behavior affects the comfort, enjoyment, safety or wellbeing of other Guests or crew members.  Guests disembarked in such circumstances shall be liable as set forth in Sections 2, 9 and 11. Carnival reserves the right to debark, deny boarding, or cancel the reservation without refund, compensation, or payment of any Guest who is unfit to travel and/or who will be in excess of their 23rd week of gestation at time of sailing, except as set forth in Carnival’s cancellation policy described in Section 7 below, based on the timing of such cancellation.
7. CANCELLATION BY GUEST, REFUNDS
Guests must arrive on time at the port and at their designated boarding appointment time. Except as otherwise expressly provided in Carnival’s Cancellation and Refund Policy, no refunds will be made in the event of “no shows”, unused tickets, lost tickets, partially used tickets, or cancellations received late or after the start of the cruise. Carnival strongly recommends the purchase of trip cancellation insurance that includes coverage for travel cancellation or interruptions.
Cancellation charges for all  bookings will be assessed as listed below. Guests who have made reservations for multiple occupancy cabins (for example for three, four, or five persons) are subject to the cancellation charges and schedule below for the entire cabin reservation, even if Guest does not cancel his or her individual reservation and even if the names of all persons to be in the same cabin as Guest are not provided at the time of booking. Guests whose embarkation is denied under Section 2(g) above (related to background checks and conduct) are also subject to the cancellation schedule below as are Guests who have made bookings as part of the same travelling party as a Guest who is denied embarkation, as set forth under Section 2(g) above.
Guest agrees that any losses sustained by Carnival in the event of cancellation would be very difficult or impossible to quantify, and the cancellation fees are fair and reasonable as liquidated damages.
Days Prior to Departure Date
Cancellation Charge (Per Guest)*
2-5 day cruises (excluding all Alaskan, European, Transatlantic, and Panama Canal cruises):
Up to 76 days
None (except Cruise Charges with non-refundable payments*)
75 to 56 days
Deposit
55 to 30 days
Deposit or 50% of Total Fare, whichever is greater
29 to 15 days
Deposit or 75% of Total Fare, whichever is greater
14 days or less
100% of Total Fare
6 day or longer cruises, as well as all Alaskan, European, Transatlantic, and Panama Canal
                        cruises:
Up to 91 days
None (except Cruise Charges with non-refundable payments*)
90 to 56 days
Deposit
55 to 30 days
Deposit or 50% of Total Fare, whichever is greater
29 to 15 days
Deposit or 75% of Total Fare, whichever is greater
14 days or less
100% of Total Fare
Total Fare is defined as Cruise Charges, Transfer Services, Pre/Post Cruise Vacation Packages and Air Supplements (excluding Restricted Air which is non-refundable any time after booking). Government Taxes and Fees, as shown on your cruise invoice, as well as any prepaid Service Gratuity, will not be subject to a cancellation penalty and will be refunded in case of cancellation.
*Certain promotional  offers may not be listed on this page, please refer to the terms and conditions of your specific promotion for more details. A full ship charter and a group contract other than this Ticket Contract may specify their own cancellation charge schedule.
Except as otherwise provided in Carnival’s Cancellation and Refund Policy, the deposit under Early Saver is non-refundable. All cancellations that occur prior to final payment due date will receive a non-refundable and non-transferable future cruise credit, redeemable for US dollars bookings, in the amount of the deposit less a $50 per person service fee. The future cruise credit must be used for a new reservation made within 12 months from the date of cancellation, is applicable to any Carnival Cruise Line sailing available in US dollars and can only be applied to the price of your future cruise. Any unused portion will be forfeited.
8. CARNIVAL’S RIGHT TO INCREASE FARES, INCREASE OR ESTABLISH CHARGES FOR GOODS AND SERVICES, CANCEL OR CHANGE VOYAGE, AND CHANGE STATEROOM ASSIGNMENTS AND TO PERFORM CONSTRUCTION OR REPAIRS, LIMITATIONS ON VACATION PROTECTION PRODUCTS
(a) Subject to applicable laws, Carnival reserves the right to increase published fares and air fare supplements without prior notice. However, fully paid or deposited Guests will be protected, except for fares listed, quoted, advertised or booked in error, other  changes to deposit, payment and cancellation terms/conditions, which are subject to change without notice at any time prior to the Guest receiving a confirmed booking. In the event that a cruise fare listed, quoted or advertised through any website, Carnival sales person, travel agent or any other source is booked but is incorrect due to an electronic error, typographical error, human error or any other error causing the fare to be listed, quoted or advertised for an amount not intended by Carnival, Carnival reserves the right to correct the erroneous fare by requesting the Guest to pay the correct fare intended (and associated fees, expenses and taxes), or by canceling the cruise in exchange for a full refund, but in no event shall Carnival be obligated to honor any such booking resulting from the error or otherwise be liable in such circumstances.
(b) Carnival reserves the right to offer promotional cruise fares that require a minimum occupancy requirement per cabin. When the booked cruise fare is contingent on a minimum occupancy requirement per cabin, cancellation by one or more Guests in a cabin may cause an adjustment to the remaining Guests booked cruise fare based on the prevailing and available rate at the time of the cancellation (“recalculated fare”). Final payment in full of the recalculated fares (and associated fees, expenses and taxes) for all remaining Guests in a cabin is due by 11:59:59 p.m. EST on the eve before the start of the cancellation penalty period. Failure to make timely final payment in full of the recalculated total price by all remaining Guests in a cabin will result in automatic cancellation of the reservation for the entire cabin.
(c) Carnival has the right, without previous notice to the Guest, to cancel this contract at the port of embarkation or at any time during the voyage. In the event a voyage is canceled or terminated early due to a mechanical failure of the Vessel, Guest is entitled to their Total Cruise Price, or a proportional share thereof as determined by Carnival, in addition to transportation to the Vessel’s scheduled port of disembarkation or Guest’s home city, at Carnival’s discretion and expense, as well as necessary lodging at the unscheduled port of disembarkation, if required, at Carnival’s expense. In the event a voyage is canceled or shortened for any reason other than a mechanical failure of the Vessel, Guest shall be entitled to a Future Cruise Credit or an Onboard Credit equal to their Total Cruise Price paid or a proportional part thereof, as determined by Carnival, and Carnival shall have no further liability for damages or compensation of any kind.
(d) Carnival may change the duration and/or itinerary of the cruise at any time. The Vessel shall be entitled to leave and enter ports with or without pilots or tugs, to tow and assist other vessels in any circumstances, to return to or enter any port at the Master’s discretion and for any purpose, and to deviate in any direction or for any purpose from the direct or usual course, and to omit or change any or all port calls, arrival or departure times, with or without notice, for any reason whatsoever, including but not limited to health and safety, security, adverse weather, hurricanes, tornadoes, strikes, tides, hostilities, civil unrest, port closings, emergency debarkations of Guests or crew, late air, sea, car or motor coach departures or arrivals, mechanical breakdowns, declared pandemics, public health emergencies or outbreak of communicable disease, quarantines, national or regional emergencies, US or foreign governmental advisories or travel warnings, all such deviations being considered as forming part of and included in the proposed voyage. Except as provided in Clause 8(c) with respect to mechanical failures, as provided in Carnival’s change of itinerary policy in effect when the Guest or Guest’s agent accepts the terms of this Ticket Contract, or as required by federal regulations, Carnival shall have no liability for any compensation or other damages in such circumstances for any change in itinerary, ports of call, ports of embarkation and debarkation, and/or duration of the cruise (including a longer than planned duration of the cruise due to port closings) (Carnival’s change of itinerary policy can be found at
Carnival's
            Website
(opens a new window)
or at Carnival's
FAQs
(opens a new window)
Page).
(e) Except as provided in Clause 8(c) with respect to mechanical failures, or as required by federal regulations, if the performance of the proposed voyage is hindered or prevented (or in the opinion of Carnival or the Master is likely to be hindered or prevented) by war, hostilities, blockage, ice, labor conflicts, adverse weather conditions, strikes on board or ashore, restraint of Princes, Rulers or People (including but not limited to orders by governmental agencies restricting travel due to declared pandemics, public health emergencies or outbreak of communicable disease, quarantines, national or regional emergencies) seizure under legal process, breakdown of the Vessel, congestion, docking difficulties or any other cause whatsoever or if Carnival or the Master considers that for any reason whatsoever, proceeding to, attempting to enter, or entering or remaining at the port of Guest’s destination may expose the Vessel to risk or loss or damage or be likely to delay her, the Guest and his baggage may be landed at the port of embarkation or at any port or place at which the Vessel may call, at which time the responsibility of Carnival shall cease and this contract shall be deemed to have been fully performed, or if the Guest has not embarked, Carnival may cancel the proposed voyage without liability to refund passage money or charges or fares paid in advance.
(f) Carnival and the Master shall have liberty to comply with any orders, recommendations or directions whatsoever given by the Government or Department of any nation or by any person acting or purporting to act with the authority of such Government or Department or by any Committee or person having under the terms of the War Risks Insurance on the Vessel the right to give such orders, recommendations or directions, and if by reason of, and in compliance with any such orders, recommendations or directions anything is done or is not done the same shall not be deemed a deviation or a breach of this contract. Disembarkation of any Guest or discharge of baggage in accordance with such orders, recommendations or directions shall constitute due and proper fulfillment of the obligation of Carnival under this Contract.
(g) Specific stateroom assignments are not guaranteed. Carnival reserves the right to move Guests to a comparable stateroom for any reason, including but not limited to, instances in which a stateroom is booked with fewer than the maximum number of Guests the stateroom can accommodate; or when a partial Guest cancellation occurs and the remaining number of Guests do not match the maximum number of Guests the stateroom can accommodate.
(h) Guest agrees and acknowledges that Carnival may, at any time and without notice, impose charges for, increase charges for and/or eliminate goods and services voluntarily purchased by Guest, other than what is included in your Cruise Fare, without liability to the Guest. These additional charges are exclusive of your Cruise Fare. The goods and services offered or available during the cruise, may differ from goods and services previously offered or available on prior cruises and/or what was advertised on prior versions of Carnival’s website (Carnival.com), commercials, in other printed media, and/or in prior verbal discussions.
(i) Carnival reserves the right to periodically perform repairs to the Vessel and/or perform construction on the Vessel to alter, amend or remove any appurtenance, amenity, or facility on the Vessel. Guest acknowledges that such repairs, alterations, amendments or removal of any appurtenance may occur during the cruise and agrees that Carnival shall not be liable to Guest for a refund, of any portion of the Total Cruise Price, full, partial or otherwise, nor shall Guest have any legal or equitable cause of action relating thereto.
(j) Guest hereby acknowledges and agrees that Carnival’s “Great Vacation Guarantee” program has been suspended and that Guest is not entitled to any benefit thereof.
(k) Prices of Shore Excursions that take place in The Bahamas are inclusive of a 10% Bahamas value added tax (VAT).
(l) At Carnival’s discretion, Casino Player Bank Balances under $100 that are not claimed prior to casino close on the last morning of the voyage may be refunded back to Guest’s Sail & Sign Onboard. Balances of $25 or more that have not been refunded back to Guest’s Sail & Sign may be sent to the Guest’s address on file.
9. COMPLIANCE WITH RULES, SOLICITATION, SMOKING, DRINKING, ILLEGAL ACTIVITY, SEARCHES, DISRUPTIVE BEHAVIOR, BEVERAGE POLICY AND ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY
(a) Guest agrees during the course of the voyage to follow the directions of the ship’s Master, or his authorized officer. Guest further agrees to abide by all shipboard rules and policies. Guests shall not solicit anyone on the Vessel for any commercial, professional, illegal, or illicit purposes. Guest agrees that any violation of this or any Clause in the ticket contract may subject Guest to disembarkation with no refund to the Guest and any such actions may cause Guest to be prohibited from sailing with Carnival in the future.
(b) Guest acknowledges that smoking is only permitted in designated areas. Guest agrees to refrain from smoking in non-designated areas and agrees that Carnival has the right to assess up to a $500 charge, per violation, and to disembark the Guest for failure to observe
Carnival's
            Tobacco and Marijuana Smoking Policy ("Smoking Policy")
(opens a new
                window)
with no refund to the Guest.
(c) Any and all forms of smoking, including but not limited to, cigarettes, cigars, pipes, vaporizers, and electronic cigarettes are strictly prohibited on board Carnival’s vessels except in specific designated exterior deck areas and designated casino/night club spaces. All staterooms and suite accommodations, including the outside balconies, are NON-SMOKING. In accordance with
Carnival's
            Smoking Policy
(opens a new window)
any marijuana possession or use is strictly prohibited on all Carnival ships at all times, regardless of local, state, or other laws which might permit use or possession of marijuana. Carnival abides by U.S. Federal Law which prohibits the possession or use of marijuana on its ships for any reason. Any Guest who brings marijuana or any illegal controlled substances on board, in violation of Carnival’s policy or U.S. or international law, including any law of a port or the flag state, will be reported to local and/or Federal authorities and U.S. Customs & Border Protection for possible detainment and/or enforcement action. Carnival may deny boarding or disembark any Guest who brings or attempts to bring marijuana or any illegal substance on board with no refund to Guest and at Guest’s own expense for repatriation and travel. Guest agrees to strictly comply with Carnival’s Smoking Policy. Guest further agrees that any violation of Carnival’s Smoking Policy would also cause Carnival to incur damages, including but not limited to, loss of Guest goodwill, revenue, cleaning, maintenance, fines and/or other costs. Any evidence of smoking in a stateroom or balcony, e.g.; smoke smell/residue, butts, ashes, upholstery/furniture burns, tampering of the smoke alarm, will constitute a violation of
Carnival's
            Smoking Policy
(opens a new window)
. Guests who violate our Smoking Policy will be assessed a $500 charge, per violation, on the Guest’s Sail & Sign® account, and may also result in the disembarkation of all Guests in the stateroom. Fines will be assessed in the functional currency of the Vessel which might be different than the currency used to secure the booking. Such Guests will be solely responsible for all resulting financial penalties and expenses to return home, and no portion of their Total  Cruise Price will be refunded. Guest further acknowledges and agrees that any violation of this policy shall, in the sole discretion of Carnival, constitute a material breach of this cruise contract. In the event of such breach, Guest forfeits all rights hereunder, including the right to remain on board. Carnival reserves the right to disembark Guest(s), at any port, as determined by Carnival. Carnival shall not be liable for any refund or other compensation or damages whatsoever to any Guest disembarked pursuant to this provision, or who disembarks because another Guest is so disembarked. Such Guests may also be prohibited from sailing with Carnival in the future.
(d) Guest agrees, in all ports of call, to return to the Vessel or pre-boarding location in accordance with instructions given by the Vessel’s Master or his authorized officer. Guest further acknowledges that shipboard and shore side clocks may have different times, but it is Guest’s responsibility to return to the Vessel or pre-boarding location so as not to miss Vessel’s departure. Any costs associated with transporting Guest to rejoin the Vessel including, but not limited to, governmental fees, visa fees, subsistence, lodging, air fare, launch fare, car hire or agency fees shall be for the account of Guest. The Guest shall be liable to and shall reimburse Carnival or the Master for any fines or penalties imposed on Carnival by any government, governmental or regulatory agency, entity, or official, port or port official, or for expenses or losses caused or incurred for Guest’s intentional or negligent act or omission, including but not limited to, criminal or disruptive behavior by the Guest onboard or Guest’s failure to board the ship prior to the scheduled departure time at any port.
(e) Carnival has a “zero tolerance” policy toward any illegal activity or behavior by Guests or crew aboard. Guest agrees to comply with this policy and further acknowledges that it is Carnival’s policy to report incidents of illegal activity or behavior to the appropriate law enforcement authorities. Carnival will cooperate with relevant authorities in any civil or criminal proceedings sought by those agencies. For the safety of the Vessel and of other guests and crew, Carnival reserves the right to confine any Guest who commits a crime on board until law enforcement authorities can be contacted and/or board the Vessel.
For safety reasons, Guests are prohibited from bringing alcoholic beverages on board with the following exception: At the beginning of the cruise during embarkation day, Guests (21 years of age and older) may carry on in their hand luggage, one 750 ml bottle of sealed/unopened wine or champagne per person. A $15 corkage fee (a charge exacted at a restaurant for every bottle of wine served that was not bought on the premises), per 750 ml bottle, will be charged should Guests wish to consume their wine or champagne in a main dining room, steakhouse or bar.  Guests are also prohibited from bringing water, sodas and other non-alcoholic beverages on board that are packaged in bottles.  A small quantity of non-alcoholic beverages (i.e., sparkling water, sodas, juice, milk) packaged in cans or cartons may be brought on board on embarkation day, only if carried on in Guests’ hand luggage (not in checked luggage). A small quantity is considered a maximum of 12 sealed, unopened cans/cartons of 12 ounces each or less per person. Any hard liquor, beer, other forms of alcoholic beverage, and non-alcoholic beverages, outside of the exceptions referenced above, are strictly prohibited (in both carry-on and checked luggage) and such items will be confiscated and discarded, and no compensation will be provided. Alcoholic beverages purchased in the Vessel’s gift shops or at a port of call will be retained by Carnival until the end of the voyage. Carnival reserves the right to refuse to serve alcohol to any passenger. Guest acknowledges that the minimum age permitted for the purchase, possession, or consumption of alcoholic beverages aboard Carnival’s vessels is twenty-one (21). Guest agrees to supervise all persons under age twenty-one (21) under Guest’s charge to ensure that they do not violate this, or any other, shipboard regulation. Guests who attempt to purchase alcohol by using false identification or the Sail & Sign® card of a Guest who is twenty-one or older will be deemed in violation of this policy. Any Guest twenty-one or older who attempts to or purchases alcohol for any Guest under twenty-one will also be deemed in violation of this policy. Guest agrees that Carnival has the right to disembark any Guest who violates this policy and as well as any adults traveling with minors who violate this policy or any other shipboard regulation.
(f) Compliance with APHIS regulations: To protect U.S. agriculture and natural resources from the introduction and spread of foreign plant and animal pests and diseases please be advised that agricultural products including seeds, soil, live insects, food such as fresh fruit, vegetables and animal products including meat, milk, and eggs must not be brought back to the United States. This food includes meals that were offered during the cruise but were not consumed. If you have in your possession any meals or food, including any fresh fruit, vegetables and animal products such as meat sandwiches, milk, eggs from the ship, you must leave them behind or deposit them in the amnesty bin/food collection bin at the exit during disembarkation.  These items are prohibited entry by U.S. Customs and Border Protection and the U.S. Department of Agriculture. Violations of these prohibitions may result in penalties and fines to the Guest and/or disembarkation without refund.
(g) Tampering with Life Saving Devices: Guest agrees to not tamper with or discard overboard any life saving device such as, but not limited to; life rings and life jackets, unless in an emergency or instructed to do so by the ship’s master. Tampering with life-saving devices may result in a fine to the Guest and/or disembarkation without refund.
(h) Guest agrees not to engage in any lewd, lascivious, indecent, obscene, offensive, or outrageous behavior while on board and specifically agrees that violation of this policy may result in confinement or debarkation from the Vessel with no refund to the Guest and at Guest’s own expense for repatriation and travel. Furthermore, all guests should ensure their clothing and accessories are respectful to fellow guests. Specifically, items worn during the cruise should not contain any message that may be considered offensive or contain nudity, profanity, sexual innuendo/suggestions. In addition, clothing/accessories should not promote negative ethnic or racial commentary, or hatred or violence in any form. Violation of this policy may result in Guest’s disembarkation with no refund of any portion of their Total Cruise Price.
(i) All guests must adhere to Carnival’s environmental policy as follows: Any dumping or pollution of any kind including discharge of any item into the ocean and/or waterways is strictly prohibited. Guest will be strictly liable for any illegal dumping or pollution. Any willful or negligent act of discharging or releasing any unauthorized item overboard, without the express permission of the ship's staff may result in a $500 charge, per violation, posted to Guest’s Sail & Sign
®
account. Fines will be imposed using the functional currency of the Vessel, which may be different than the form of currency used to secure the booking. Additionally, Guest will be charged the reimbursement cost of any unauthorized discharged property belonging to Carnival and such charge will be posted to Guest’s Sail & Sign
®
account. Guest shall also be responsible for any fines or penalties imposed on Carnival by any government, governmental agency or official, port or port official, or for expenses or losses caused or incurred for Guest’s violation of this policy. Violation of this policy may result in the disembarkation of all guests in the stateroom. Guests who are disembarked for violating our environmental policy will be responsible for all financial charges and expenses to return home, and no refund of any portion of their unused Total Cruise Price will be provided. Additionally, they may be prohibited from sailing with Carnival Cruise Line in the future.
(j) Consistent with our commitment to safety and our “zero tolerance” policy set forth in Section 9(e) above, any illegal activity or disruptive behavior will not be tolerated. Guest agrees to follow Carnival’s Code of Conduct at all times. Any Guest whose conduct affects the comfort, enjoyment, safety, or well-being of other guests or crew will be detained onboard and/or disembarked at their own expense and will be prohibited from sailing with Carnival in the future. Any violation of our “zero tolerance” policy or Code of Conduct is a breach of the Ticket Contract, for which Guest agrees to pay Carnival liquidated damages of $500, to be charged to the Guest’s Sail and Sign® account without further notice or consent, representing the reputational and goodwill damages and injury to Carnival for Guest’s violations.  In addition, Guest or Guest’s estate agrees to defend and indemnify Carnival and the Vessel, their servants and agents against liability which Carnival or the Vessel or such servants or agents may incur towards any person, company, or Government for any damage to property, personal injury, or death caused directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, by any illegal activity or disruptive behavior of Guest and those minors traveling with Guest.
(k) Carnival may impose a curfew for minors by requiring Guests under 18 years of age to be clear of all public areas by 1:00 a.m. ship’s time unless they are accompanied by an adult in their traveling party, 21 years of age or older, or they are participating in a Carnival youth program activity.
10. PERSONAL DATA; VIDEO SURVEILLANCE; RIGHT TO SEARCH OR INSPECT; PRIVACY NOTICE AND PUBLIC WIRELESS SERVICES
(a) Carnival may utilize closed circuit television cameras or other surveillance means onboard the Vessel. Guest acknowledges and agrees that such devices may be recording and that videos and images of the Guest may be stored and used as deemed necessary by Carnival to comply with law, applicable regulations, governmental and quasi-governmental requests or orders, or any legal investigation or claims process.
(b) Calls made to Carnival, and calls received from Carnival, may be recorded for the purposes of audit, training and the monitoring of services provided by Carnival.
(c) Guest agrees Carnival has, at all times with or without notice, the right to enter and search Guest’s stateroom, personal safe or storage spaces, or to search or screen any Guest, and/or personal effects, at any location, to ensure compliance with any of the restrictions set forth in this agreement. Any Guest who refuses any such search or screening may be denied boarding or disembarked and no refund of the any portion of the Total Cruise Price will be issued.
(d) The personal data Guest provides to Carnival, or which is obtained through Guest’s dealings with Carnival or with its affiliates, will be processed in accordance with Carnival privacy notice, which describes how personal data may be processed, and which is available on the Carnival website. Carnival may from time to time change its privacy notice; you can find the up-to-date privacy notice on the
Privacy Notice page
(opens a new window)
or by writing to the address given below. Guests may provide personal data to Carnival that may include names, postal or email addresses, date of birth, passport information, financial account, telephone numbers, likenesses, photographs or other information which would identify Guests personally. Guests may also provide Carnival or others certain sensitive data such as health, medical, dietary, religious, gender or sexual orientation information. Guest agrees that Carnival may (1) keep their personal and sensitive data, (2) use it in its business worldwide in accordance with its published privacy notice, (3) share it with its affiliated or related companies and (4) subject it to processing worldwide provided Carnival’s safeguards are used.  Guest agrees that any personal or sensitive data provided to Carnival in the European Economic Area may be used, processed and transferred worldwide including to the U.S.
(e) Guest agrees that Carnival may disclose personal or sensitive data to unaffiliated third parties (1) with the Guest’s consent or authorization, (2) to help complete a transaction for the Guest, (3) to comply with law, applicable regulations, governmental and quasi-governmental requests, orders or legal process, (4) to enforce this or other agreements or protect the rights, safety or property of Carnival or others, (5) as part of a purchase, sale, or transfer of assets or our business, (6) to Carnival’s agents or service providers to perform functions on its behalf, or (7) as otherwise described in Carnival’s published privacy notice, as amended from time to time.
(f) Carnival may, but will not be required to, make wireless access to the Internet or access to wireless telephone services ("Wireless Services") available to Guests on board either directly or through a third-party service provider. All Guests agree that use of Wireless Services is at their own risk and that Carnival shall not be liable to Guests in any manner for claims, losses or damages resulting therefrom.  Guests’ use of Wireless Services onboard is public; privacy of any information sent or received is not guaranteed.  Personal data may be available to third-party service providers and Carnival is not liable under any circumstances for any lack of privacy while using Wireless Services. Guest agrees that Carnival has the right, but not the obligation to monitor, record, intercept and disclose any transmissions over or using Wireless Services aboard the Vessel, and to provide billing, account, or use records, and related information relating to all Wireless Services as it deems appropriate in its sole discretion (for example, in response to lawful process, orders, subpoenas, or warrants, or to protect Carnival's rights, passengers or property). All Guests agree that their use of Wireless Services is governed by Carnival's Terms and Conditions of Wireless Services [contained in your Folio or available upon connection to the internet] in addition to and any terms and conditions imposed by a third-party Wireless Services provider.
(g) Carnival may use facial recognition technology to enable embarkation, debarkation, at entry and exit of the Vessel at ports of call, on all photos taken by Carnival during Guest's voyage, as well as those photos Guest uploads to Carnival's mobile app. Carnival will delete facial biometric identifiers following completion of the voyage, prior to a subsequent voyage. All un-identified photos will be deleted within thirty (30) days after the end of each voyage or earlier upon request. Any photos that have been identified and linked to Guest's Sail and Sign® Guest ID will be retained for two (2) years to enable guest access and purchase of photos and photo memorabilia after the end of the voyage. Photos may be deleted earlier upon request.  Carnival does not share facial recognition records with any third parties outside of the Carnival Corporation & plc group of companies. For more information about facial recognition technology, please email Carnival at
dpo@carnival.com
.
11. GUEST’S REIMBURSEMENT FOR FINES, EXPENSES, DEBTS AND DAMAGES
(a) The Guest shall be liable to and shall reimburse Carnival or the Master for any fines or penalties imposed on Carnival by any government, governmental agency or official, port or port official, or for expenses or losses caused or incurred for Guest’s negligent or intentional act or omission or Guest’s failure to observe or comply with local requirements in respect of immigration, border patrol, customs and excise, agriculture, health, environment or any other government regulation whatsoever, including Guest’s failure to board the ship prior to the scheduled departure time at any port, and the Guest shall be liable for any and all losses and fines caused by their actions in regards to illegal dumping or pollution of any kind, including discharge of any item into the ocean and/or waterways. For Guests who embark the Vessel in violation of the ticket contract terms, any/all resulting damages, losses, costs, expenses, credits, refunds and related claims, including without limitation those related to a deviation of the Vessel to disembark such Guests, shall be the sole responsibility of the Guest.
(b) The Guest or Guest’s estate shall be liable to and shall reimburse Carnival for all deviation expenses (including loss of revenue), fines or penalties, damages to the Vessel, its furnishings, operations or equipment, or any property of Carnival caused directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, by any misconduct, willful or negligent act or omission on the part of the Guest or any minors traveling with the Guest, including discharge and release of any unauthorized item overboard, without the express permission of the ship’s staff. The Guest or Guest’s estate shall defend and indemnify Carnival and the Vessel, their servants and agents against liability which Carnival or the Vessel or such servants or agents may incur towards any person, company or Government for any damage to property, personal injury or death caused directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, by any misconduct, willful or negligent act or omission on the part of the Guest or minors traveling with Guest.
(c) Carnival and the Vessel shall have a lien upon all baggage, money and other property whatsoever accompanying the Guest and the right to sell the same by public auction or otherwise for all sums whatsoever due from the Guest under this Contract and for the costs and expenses of enforcing such lien and such sale.
12. INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS, SHORE EXCURSIONS, AND OTHER SERVICES
(a) Guest acknowledges that all shore excursions/tours (whether conducted in the water, on land or by air), airline flights and ground transportation, as well as the ship’s physician, and on board concessions (including but not limited to, the gift shops, spa, beauty salon, fitness center, golf and art programs, video/snorkel concession) are either operated by or are independent contractors. Guest understands and accepts that Carnival may prohibit Guest from going ashore in any port of call, and/or or limit Guests going ashore to specific activities or excursions authorized by Carnival, for public health-related reasons in its sole discretion. Even though Carnival shall be entitled to collect a fee and earn a profit from the ticketing or sale of such services by such persons or entities, Carnival neither supervises nor controls their actions, nor makes any representation either expressed or implied as to their suitability. Carnival, in arranging for the services called for by the physician or nurse, all on board concessions, all shore excursion/tour tickets, all pre-cruise and post-cruise airline flights or other transportation off of the ship and its water shuttles, does so only as a convenience for the Guest. Guest agrees that Carnival assumes no responsibility, does not guarantee performance and in no event shall be liable for any negligent or intentional acts or omissions, loss, damage, injury, or delay to Guest and/or Guest’s baggage, property or effects in connection with said services. Guests use the services of all independent contractors at the Guest’s sole risk. Independent contractors are entitled to make a proper charge for any service performed with respect to a Guest.
(b) Guest acknowledges that some of the ship’s personnel are employees of independent contractors and not employees of Carnival, and that Carnival is not responsible for their actions. Ship’s personnel that are independent contractors include, but are not limited to; spa employees, masseuses, barbers, hairdressers, manicurists, fitness or golf instructors videographers, art auctioneers, gift shop personnel, shopping guides, wedding planners or other providers of personal services. Guest further acknowledges that although independent contractors or their employees may use signage or clothing which contains the name “Carnival” or other related trade names or logos, the independent contractor status remains unchanged. Independent contractors, their employees and assistants are not agents, servants or employees of Carnival and have no authority to act on behalf of Carnival.
(c) Although Carnival may have contracts, concessionaire agreements, and/or independent contractor agreements with the above-mentioned service providers and contractors. Guest hereby acknowledges and agrees that Guests are not intended third-party beneficiaries of any such contracts and Guests have no right to assert themselves as third party beneficiaries of such contracts or agreements.
13. LIMITATIONS OF CARNIVAL’S LIABILITY
(a) In consideration for the Cruise Fare paid, it is agreed that Carnival shall not be held vicariously liable for the intentional or negligent acts of any persons not employed by Carnival nor for any intentional or negligent acts of Carnival’s employees committed while off duty or outside the course and scope of their employment. Passenger assumes the risk of injury, death, illness or other loss and Carnival is not responsible for the negligence or wrongdoing of any independent contractors or sub-contractors.
(b) In consideration for the Cruise Fare paid, it is agreed that Carnival shall have no liability as a consequence of Guest's use of ship's athletic or recreational equipment or as a consequence of Guest's decision to participate in any athletic or recreational activity or event.
(c) On international cruises which neither embark, disembark nor call at any U.S. port and where the Guest commences the cruise by embarkation or disembarks at the end of the Cruise in a port of a European Member State, Carnival shall be entitled to any and all liability limitations and immunities for loss of or damage to luggage, death and/or personal injury as provided under EU Regulation 392/2009 on the liability of carriers to passengers in the event of accidents. On International cruises that do not embark or disembark in either a port in a European Member State or a US port, and which do not call at any U.S. port, Carnival shall be entitled to any and all liability limitations and immunities for loss of or damage to luggage, death and/or personal injury as provided in the Athens Convention Relating to the Carriage of Passengers and their Luggage by Sea, 1974 and the Protocol of 2002 to the Convention (together, the “Athens Convention).  Unless the loss or damage was caused by a shipping incident, which is defined as a shipwreck, capsizing, collision or stranding of the ship, explosion or fire in the ship, or defect in the ship (as defined by the Regulation), Carnival’s liability is limited to no more than 400,000 Special Drawing Rights (“SDR”) (approximately U.S. $608,000, which fluctuates depending on the daily exchange rate as published in the Wall Street Journal) if the passenger proves that the incident was a result of Carnival’s fault or neglect. If the loss or damage was caused by a shipping incident, Carnival’s liability is limited to no more than 250,000 SDRs (approximately U.S. $380,000, which fluctuates depending on the daily exchange rate as published in the Wall Street Journal). Compensation for loss caused by a shipping incident can increase to a maximum of 400,000 SDRs unless Carnival proves that the shipping incident occurred without Carnival’s fault or neglect. Shipping incidents do not include acts of war, hostilities, civil war, insurrection, natural disasters, or intentional acts or omissions of third parties.  In cases where the loss or damage was caused in connection with war or terrorism, Carnival’s liability for any personal injury or death (whether occurring during a shipping incident or a non-shipping incident) is limited to the lower of 250,000 SDRs per passenger or 340 million SDRs per ship per incident. Punitive damages are not recoverable for cruises covered by EU Regulation 392/2009. For more information on the EU Regulation 392/2009, please see the
Official Journal of the European Union EU Regulation 392/2009 PDF
.
In addition, Guests embarking a cruise in a European Member State port are afforded rights under EU Regulation 1177/2010. For additional information on EU Regulation 392/2009 and EU Regulation 1177/2010, please visit Carnival’s
EU Regulation 392/2009 PDF
and
EU Regulation 1177/2010
                    PDF
(opens a new window)
.
(d) Carnival shall not be liable to the passenger for damages for emotional distress, mental suffering/anguish or psychological injury of any kind under any circumstances, except when such damages were caused by the negligence of Carnival and resulted from the same passenger sustaining actual physical injury, or having been at risk of actual physical injury, or when such damages are held to be intentionally inflicted by Carnival.
(e) In addition to all the restrictions and exemptions from liability provided in this Contract, including under Clause 13(c) for cruises that embark or disembark in a port of a European Member State, on all cruises Carnival shall also have the benefit of all statutes of the United States of America providing for limitation and exoneration from liability and the procedures provide thereby, including but not limited Title 46 of the United States Code sections 30501 through 30509, and 30511. Nothing in this Contract is intended to nor shall it operate to limit or deprive Carnival or any such statutory limitation of or exoneration from liability under any applicable laws.
14. TIME LIMITS FOR CLAIMS, JURISDICTION, VENUE, ARBITRATION AND GOVERNING LAW
(a) Carnival shall not be liable for any claims whatsoever for personal injury, illness or death of the Guest, unless full particulars in writing are given to Carnival within 185 days after the date of the injury, event, illness or death giving rise to the claim. Suit to recover on any such claim shall not be maintainable unless filed within one year after the date of the injury, event, illness or death, and unless served on Carnival within 120 days after filing. Guest expressly waives all other potentially applicable state or federal limitations periods.
(b) Carnival shall not be liable for any claims whatsoever, other than for personal injury, illness or death of the Guest, unless full particulars in writing are given to Carnival within 30 days after the Guest is landed from the Vessel or in the case the Voyage is abandoned, within 30 days thereafter. Legal proceedings to recover on any claim whatsoever other than for personal injury, illness or death shall not be maintainable unless commenced within six months after the date Guest is landed from the Vessel or in the case the Voyage is abandoned, within six months thereafter, and unless served upon Carnival within 120 days after commencement. Guest expressly waives all other potentially applicable state or federal limitation periods for claims which include, but are not limited to, allegations concerning any and all civil rights, the Americans With Disabilities Act (ADA), trade practices and/or advertising.
(c) Except as provided in Clauses 14 (d) and 14(e) below, it is agreed by and between the Guest and Carnival that all disputes and matters whatsoever arising under, in connection with or incident to this Contract or the Guest’s cruise, including travel to and from the Vessel, shall be litigated, if at all, before the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida in Miami, or as to those lawsuits to which the Federal Courts of the United States lack subject matter jurisdiction, before a court located in Miami-Dade County, Florida, U.S.A. to the exclusion of the Courts of any other county, state or country. Guest hereby consents to such exclusive jurisdiction and waives any jurisdictional, venue or other objection that may be available. In the event that a matter is brought in the Federal Courts of the United States and no diversity jurisdiction exists, then the matter must proceed under the Court’s admiralty jurisdiction and Guest may not be allowed a trial by jury. If a matter proceeds under the Court’s admiralty jurisdiction, then Carnival consents to a trial by jury pursuant to Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 39(c).  Guest acknowledges and understands that a Federal Court presiding over the matter under admiralty jurisdiction may not grant a trial by jury despite Carnival and Guest’s request for a trial by jury, and in such event, Guest knowingly and voluntarily waives a trial by jury.
(d) Any and all disputes, claims, or controversies whatsoever, other than for personal injury, illness or death of a Guest (whether brought in personam or in rem or based on contract, tort, statutory, constitutional or other legal rights, including but not limited to alleged violation of civil rights, discrimination, consumer or privacy laws, or for any losses, damages or expenses, relating to or in any way arising out of or connected with this Contract, the booking of the cruise, including but not limited to the booking of Carnival Vacation Protection products, shore excursions, and land and hotel packages, or Guest’s cruise, no matter how described, pleaded or styled, between the Guest and Carnival) in which Guest or any other claimant asserts damages for less than $8,000 (excluding attorney fees, costs, and interest, which are not included to determine the amount at issue) must be litigated if at all before a small claims court located in Miami-Dade County, Florida, U.S.A. to the exclusion of the courts of any other county, state or country.  Guest hereby consents to such exclusive jurisdiction and waives any jurisdictional, venue or other objection that may be otherwise available.
(e) Any and all disputes, claims, or controversies whatsoever, other than for personal injury, illness or death of a Guest (whether brought in personam or in rem or based on contract, tort, statutory, constitutional or other legal rights, including but not limited to alleged violation of civil rights, discrimination, consumer or privacy laws, or for any losses, damages or expenses, relating to or in any way arising out of or connected with this Contract, the booking of the cruise, including but not limited to the booking of Carnival Vacation Protection products, shore excursions, and land and hotel packages, or Guest’s cruise, no matter how described, pleaded or styled, between the Guest and Carnival) in which Guest or any other claimant asserts damages for more than $8,000.00 (excluding attorney fees, costs, and interest, which are not included to determine the amount at issue) shall be referred to and resolved exclusively by binding arbitration pursuant to the United Nations Convention on the Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral Awards (New York 1958), 21 U.S.T. 2517, 330 U.N.T.S. 3, 1970 U.S.T. LEXIS 115, 9 U.S.C. §§ 202-208 (“the Convention”) and the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. §§ 1, et seq., (“FAA”) solely in Miami-Dade County, Florida, U.S.A. to the exclusion of any other forum.  Guest hereby consents to such exclusive jurisdiction and waives any jurisdictional, venue or other objection that may be available to any such arbitration proceeding in Miami-Dade, Florida. The arbitration shall be administered by National Arbitration and Mediation (“NAM”) under its Comprehensive Dispute Resolution Rules and Procedures and the fee schedule in effect at the time of initiating the proceeding with NAM, which are deemed to be incorporated herein by reference.  Each party shall bear their own costs and fees associated with any such filing. If you have a question about the arbitration process or to obtain a current copy of the Comprehensive Dispute Resolution Rules and Procedures and/or fee schedule, you can contact NAM at:  National Arbitration and Mediation, attention Claims Department, 990 Stewart Street, First Floor, Garden City, NY 11530, telephone number (800) 358-2550.
NEITHER PARTY WILL HAVE THE RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL OR TO ENGAGE IN PRE-ARBITRATION DISCOVERY EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THE APPLICABLE ARBITRATION RULES AND HEREIN, OR OTHERWISE TO LITIGATE THE CLAIM IN ANY COURT. THE ARBITRATOR’S DECISION WILL BE FINAL AND BINDING. OTHER RIGHTS THAT GUEST OR CARNIVAL WOULD HAVE IN COURT ALSO MAY NOT BE AVAILABLE IN ARBITRATION. An award rendered by an arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction under the Convention or FAA. Carnival and Guest further agree to permit the taking of a deposition under oath of the Guest asserting the claim, or for whose benefit the claim is asserted, in any such arbitration.  In the event this provision is deemed unenforceable by an arbitrator or court of competent jurisdiction for any reason, then and only then the provisions of Clause 14 (c) above governing venue and jurisdiction shall exclusively apply to any lawsuit involving claims described in this Clause.
(f) Except as expressly provided in Clause 13 (c), any and all disputes whatsoever arising out of or relating to this Contract or Guest’s Cruise as well as the interpretation, applicability and enforcement of this Contract shall be governed exclusively by the general federal maritime law of the United States, without regard to choice of law rules, which replaces, supersedes and preempts any provision of law of any other state or nation, however, the terms of this Contract do not displace non-excludable consumer laws applicable in jurisdictions outside the United States.
15. CLASS ACTION WAIVER
THIS CONTRACT PROVIDES FOR THE EXCLUSIVE RESOLUTION OF DISPUTES THROUGH INDIVIDUAL LEGAL ACTION AND SUPERSEDES ANY LAW ENTITLING GUEST TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION. THIS CLASS ACTION WAIVER PRECLUDES GUEST FROM PARTICIPATING IN OR BEING REPRESENTED IN ANY CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION REGARDING ANY CLAIM BROUGHT UNDER THIS TICKET CONTRACT OR IN CONNECTION WITH GUEST’S CRUISE. EVEN IF APPLICABLE LAW PROVIDES OTHERWISE, GUEST AGREES THAT ANY ARBITRATION OR LAWSUIT AGAINST CARRIER WHATSOEVER SHALL BE LITIGATED BY GUEST INDIVIDUALLY AND NOT AS A MEMBER OF ANY CLASS OR AS PART OF A CLASS ACTION. GUEST EXPRESSLY AGREES TO WAIVE AUTHORITY TO ARBITRATE CLAIMS ON A CLASS ACTION BASIS. IF GUEST’S CLAIM IS SUBJECT TO ARBITRATION UNDER CLAUSE 14(d) ABOVE, THE GUEST FURTHER AGREES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE CLASS ACTION WAIVER IS MATERIAL AND ESSENTIAL TO THE ARBITRATION OF ANY DISPUTES BETWEEN THE PARTIES AND IS NON-SEVERABLE FROM THE AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE CLAIMS. THE VALIDITY AND EFFECT OF THIS CLASS ACTION WAIVER MAY BE DETERMINED ONLY BY A JUDGE OR COURT OF LAW AND NOT BY AN ARBITRATOR. GUEST AGREES THAT THIS SECTION SHALL NOT BE SEVERABLE UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES FROM THE ARBITRATION CLAUSE SET FORTH IN SECTION 14 (d) ABOVE, AND IF FOR ANY REASON THIS CLASS ACTION WAIVER IS UNENFORCEABLE AS TO ANY PARTICULAR CLAIM, THEN AND ONLY THEN SUCH CLAIM SHALL NOT BE SUBJECT TO ARBITRATION. GUEST AGREES THAT CARNIVAL CAN RECEIVE IMMEDIATE JUDICIAL ASSISTANCE TO ENFORCE THIS CLASS ACTION WAIVER.
*This provision does not apply to Australian passengers or affect applicable rights under Australian consumer laws.
16. CARNIVAL’S USE OF GUEST’S LIKENESS
Each Guest grants Carnival and/or its promotional partners the exclusive right to include photographic, video and other visual portrayals of Guest in any medium of any nature whatsoever for any purpose including without limitation trade, advertising, sales, publicity or otherwise, without compensation to Guest, and all rights, title and interest therein (including all worldwide copyrights therein) shall be Carnival’s sole property, free from any claims by Guest or any person deriving any rights or interest from Guest. Each Guest understands and agrees that professional onboard photographers may photograph Guest, and that those photos may be processed, displayed and sold to Guests and others. For additional information regarding Carnival’s use of Guest’s likeness including use of facial recognition technology please refer to Clause 10(g) above.
17. GUEST’S USE OF PHOTOS, VIDEOS OR RECORDINGS PROHIBITED
Guest hereby expressly agrees that he/she will not utilize any tape recording, video, or photograph(s) of himself/herself, any other Guest, crew, or third party on board the Vessel, or depicting the Vessel, its design, equipment, or any part thereof whatsoever, for any commercial purpose or in any media broadcast, or for any other non-private use, without the express written consent of Carnival.  For the privacy of our guests and crew, Guest expressly agrees not to record or video interactions with other guests or crew without their express permission, and Guest further agrees that any use of video, photographic or recording equipment, including cell phones, in the medical center is expressly prohibited. Guest acknowledges that by boarding the Vessel, at any time, Guest irrevocably agrees to this provision, which is a condition precedent to being permitted on board the Vessel and can be enforced by any legal means, including, but not limited to, injunctive relief.
18. GUEST’S OBLIGATIONS FOR EXPENSES OR IF CONFINED, DENIED BOARDING OR DISEMBARKED
(a) Guest agrees if Carnival incurs any expense or sustains any damage as delineated in but not limited to Sections 2, 4, 5, 6, 9, 11 and this Clause, that Carnival may charge Guest’s onboard charge account for any expense incurred or damage sustained except as expressly set forth herein or as provided by law.
(b) If Guest is denied boarding, confined to a stateroom, or disembarked from the Vessel pursuant to any provision of this contract, including but not limited to Clauses 2, 4, 5, 6, 9, and 11, Guest agrees, except as expressly set forth herein or as provided by law:
i. Carnival will not be liable for any refund of and portion of the Total Cruise Price other compensation or any damages;
ii. Disembarkation and repatriation to the embarkation port or any other destination will be at Guest’s sole expense; and,
iii. To indemnify Carnival and that Carnival may charge Guest’s on-board charge account for any and all expenses incurred by Carnival in relation to Guest’s disembarkation and/or repatriation.
IMPORTANT TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NON-CRUISE PORTIONS OF VACATION PACKAGES PLEASE READ CAREFULLY
19.
Please see above for the applicable terms and conditions for the cruise portion of Guest’s vacations.  For avoidance of doubt, and unless specifically contradicted in Clauses 19 through 29, the above terms and conditions, including the terms and conditions in Clauses 12 through 15, which contain important limitations on the rights of guests to assert claims against Carnival , the Vessel, their agents and employees, and others, including forum selection, choice of law, time limitations for filing suit, arbitration, and waiver of jury trial for certain claims, cover Carrier’s Carnival vacation protection products, shore excursions, and  land and hotel packages. The terms and conditions in this paragraph apply only to Carnival’s responsibilities for non-cruise portions of vacation packages. Other terms and conditions with respect to air travel, hotel and other non-cruise activities may be applied by the entities providing those services.
20.
The payment of the required deposit or any partial or full payment for reservation of a land package before or after the cruise shall constitute acceptance and consent to all of the terms and conditions of this Contract and the General Information and Vacation Package Conditions and Restrictions contained on the website for such vacation package and/or the brochures and circulars of the suppliers. These provisions are hereby incorporated by reference in this Contract and vacation package Guests (hereinafter referred to as Guests) are advised to take note of them.
21.
For purposes of this paragraph “CARNIVAL” refers to Carnival Cruise Line, its affiliates, subsidiary companies, agents, servants, and employees. CARNIVAL is the principal tour operator and its responsibility to Guests is limited to the arrangement of all tours and accommodations offered in these vacation packages. CARNIVAL shall not be responsible for personal injuries, death, or property damage, economic loss, inconvenience or delay, consequential damages, or change of itinerary or accommodations incurred by any person or Guest which may occur due to acts or omissions or tortious conduct on the part of any direct or supplemental air carrier, hotel or other suppliers of arrangements and services or other independent contractors, their employees, agents or others not under the direct control of CARNIVAL.
22.
CARNIVAL reserves the right to decline to accept or to reject any person as a Guest, at any time, or to cancel a vacation package due to circumstances beyond the control of CARNIVAL.
23.
CARNIVAL reserves the right to substitute hotels for other hotels in a similar category, to substitute air carriers, and to change schedules without prior notice should circumstances so require.
24.
If a change in the itinerary is needed due to factors or conditions beyond CARNIVAL'S control, no refund or credit will be made, however, CARNIVAL will make an effort to provide accommodations and services of a comparable quality and standard as set forth on the website. Any such change shall not modify the cancellation provisions on the website.  No credit will be allowed, or refund given for any services provided on the website should any such services not be utilized by Participants.
25.
CARNIVAL makes no representations or warranties, implied or otherwise, in regard to the reliability of suppliers or independent contractors, nor does it assume a duty of safety or responsibility for the independent acts of suppliers, independent contractors, their employees or agents.
26.
Vacation packages are non-transferable. Fares shall be deemed to be earned when paid and non-refundable unless otherwise expressly stated in the cancellation provisions on the website.
27.
CARNIVAL shall not be liable for any claims whatsoever other than for personal injury, illness or death, of the Guest unless full particulars thereof in writing are given to CARNIVAL within 30 days after the Guest shall complete the packages, or in the case that the tour is abandoned, within 30 days thereafter. Suit to recover any claim shall not be maintainable in any event unless commenced within six months after the date of the loss.
28.
CARNIVAL shall not be liable for any claims whatsoever for personal injury, or illness or death of the Guest unless full particulars in writing are given to Carnival within 185 days after the date of the injury, event, illness, or death giving rise to the claim. Suit to recover on any such claim shall not be maintainable unless filed within one year after the date of the injury, event, illness or death, and unless served on Carnival within 120 days after filing.
29.
It is agreed by Guest and CARNIVAL that all disputes between Guest and CARNIVAL arising under or in connection with a vacation package shall be litigated, if at all, in and before the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida in Miami-Dade County, Florida, U.S.A., to the exclusion of the courts of any other state or county.
IMPORTANT ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CARNIVAL’S AIR PROGRAMS
30.
Arrangements by CARNIVAL: If you are participating in our FLY2FUN program, or FLY2FUN and Tour package, Carnival will arrange for air transportation from the select home cities offered to an airport near the departure point of your Cruise or Cruise tour and return air transportation from an airport near the termination point of your Cruise or Cruise tour to the home city from which you departed. Please refer to Carnival’s web page for additional information on our FLY2FUN program and destinations. Carnival reserves the right to add or withdraw an air city at any time but will attempt to accommodate those Guests under deposit or final payment. Air bookings are not guaranteed and are subject to air carrier’s availability and restrictions. Guest who purchased the FLY2FUN program will be responsible for securing their own hotel accommodations and will be responsible for hotel, taxes, porterage and transportation between the hotel and the airport/pier.
31.
Schedule Changes/Air Delays: Carnival strives to accommodate each Guest on flights that will ensure timely arrival and boarding of your ship. In the event that weather conditions or other flight changes delay the Guest’s arrival to the ship, Carnival, at its own expense, will make alternate flight, hotel and/or ground transportation arrangements to get the Guest to the port of embarkation in time to board the ship or to the first port of call, without violating the Jones Act. If no viable options are available to join the ship, Guest will be given a Future Cruise Credit to apply towards a future cruise. Carnival reserves the right to change or alter, without notice, flight arrangements in order to meet our ship departure and/or arrival times. Guest will be notified of flight re-accommodations.  If tickets have already been issued, Carnival will adjust your itinerary or air carrier accordingly and will notify Guests of any price adjustments that may be necessary.  If you choose to cancel your flight arrangements or alter your airline schedule in any way once your tickets have been issued you will be responsible for any additional cost or fees resulting from the cancellation or change, which can total up to the full cost of the ticket. If you request Carnival’s assistance with a change in airline arrangements, within 60 days of departure and you purchased FLY2FUN Flexible Fare program, a service fee of $200 USD, or its equivalent in foreign currency, will be levied in addition to any charges imposed by the airlines. If you purchased the FLY2FUN Restricted Fare program and you chose to make a change, all airline-imposed change fees will be levied regardless of when the change is made. If your flights are delayed, refer to
the Fly2Fun Page
(opens a
            new window)
.
32.
Refunds/Seat Assignments/Special Services/Fares/Lost Tickets/Baggage Charges:  Failure to use your FLY2FUN airline ticket/s results in a waiver of its value and any compensation; unused airline tickets are only refundable to Carnival.  Please note that because of changing airline tariffs, your actual air ticket may reflect fares higher or lower than the air add-on or cruise only credit amounts originally quoted. If so, the difference is neither chargeable nor refundable to you; you will be charged the amount originally quoted.  Carnival reserves the right to pass on to the Guest any cancellation or change penalties, which may total up to the amount originally quoted. It is your sole responsibility to re-confirm flight arrangements, within 48 hours of flight departure. Please note that although Carnival Cruise Line can pass requests for seat assignments, special meals and special assistance to the airlines, we cannot guarantee that such requests will be honored. For the best travel experience, we recommend that Guests or their travel agents contact the airlines directly to confirm these requests. Carnival is not responsible for airline schedule changes. Guests are responsible for luggage fees, excess luggage charges as well as any other charges imposed by airlines or airports. For additional information on airline’s baggage charges and fees please refer to
Airline Baggage FAQs
        page
(opens a new window)
, reference against the Travel Information page you received along with your cabin confirmation or the Travel Information page in your cruise document accessed through Manage My Cruise.
33.
Liability and Relationship with Airlines:  If Carnival is unable to arrange for air transportation for any cause beyond Carnival’s control, such as airline capacity controls, air transportation arranged is no longer available, or otherwise fails to materialize, Carnival’s sole liability will be limited to refunding the air add-on paid or cruise only credit. Carnival acts as an independent travel agent, and it is not affiliated with the airline carriers. Carnival books air as a convenience for the Guests. Carnival assumes no liability for any of the airlines’ acts or omissions, including, without limitation, those involving cancellation of flights, schedule changes, re-routings, damage to or delay or loss of baggage, flight delays, equipment failures, accidents, pilot or other staff shortages, overbooking or clerical/system errors. Your rights against the airlines are controlled and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the airline’s ticket and tariffs, and any and all applicable laws and regulations.
IMPORTANT ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR AUTO PAY OPTION
34.
This offer applies only to qualifying cruises, as determined solely by Carnival, where the "Auto Pay" option is made available during the booking process.
35.
This offer is not transferable and may not be combined with other offers.
36.
To be eligible for this offer, Guest must reside in the United States of America and must have a valid credit card associated with their Carnival.com account. Please note that Guests may not be able to use a debit card, PayPal, or ACH from a bank account (e.g., checking or savings account) to make payments under this program. This offer may not be available to every guest and may not be available for all qualifying cruises. In determining eligibility for this offer, Carnival reserves the right to consider, for each transaction, factors including Guest’s payment history and the nature and price of the cruise being reserved. Carnival will not use a credit report to determine eligibility for this offer.
37.
Carnival reserves the right to cancel this offer at any time.
38.
Guest will be charged the full price of the applicable deposit in one initial payment and the remainder in subsequent monthly payments (if the full price, including the Cruise Charges is not evenly divisible, Guest’s final payment amount may be smaller). No interest or finance charges apply to this offer. Any interest, finance charges or fees assessed by the issuer of the payment method to which payments are charged may still apply. Taxes may apply in certain jurisdictions. Each individual payment (both the initial deposit payment and each subsequent monthly payment) will be taxed separately (to the extent required by applicable law) such that total taxes assessed on the Cruise Charges and on taxable Fees under Auto Pay will be the same amount of taxes assessed if the total amount owed on the booking had been paid in full at the time of ticket purchase.
39.
Guest authorizes Carnival to charge each payment to the credit card associated with Guest’s Carnival.com account that was used to make the initial payment or, if Carnival is unable to complete a charge using such credit card, to any other credit card Guest has on file in Guest’s Carnival.com account. Guest agrees to maintain in their Carnival.com account at least one valid credit card that expires no earlier than 20 days after the last payment due date.
40.
Guest may prepay the full remaining balance of their purchase at any time and may also prepay any portion of the remaining balance. If Guest decides to prepay a portion of the remaining balance, then all remaining payments will be recalculated accordingly.
41.
If Carnival is not able to charge any payment to a credit card on file in Guest’s Carnival.com account, Carnival reserves the right to pursue any remedy available, including the right to cancel Guest’s reservation, as well as all remaining Guests in the same cabin. Guest agrees that Carnival and its affiliates have no liability related to the exercise of these remedies.
INTERNATIONAL CRUISE LINE PASSENGER BILL OF RIGHT
The Members of the Cruise Lines International Association are dedicated to the comfort and care of all passengers
        on oceangoing cruises throughout the world.  To fulfill this commitment, our Members have agreed to adopt
        the following set of passenger rights:
The right to disembark a docked ship if essential provisions such as food, water, restroom facilities and
            access to medical care cannot adequately be provided onboard, subject only to the Master’s concern for
            passenger safety and security and customs and immigration requirements of the port.
The right to a full refund for a trip that is canceled due to mechanical failures, or a partial refund for
            voyages that are terminated early due to those failures.
The right to have available on board ships operating beyond rivers or coastal waters full-time, professional
            emergency medical attention, as needed until shore side medical care becomes available.
The right to timely information updates as to any adjustments in the itinerary of the ship in the event of a
            mechanical failure or emergency, as well as timely updates of the status of efforts to address mechanical
            failures.
The right to a ship crew that is properly trained in emergency and evacuation procedures.
The right to an emergency power source in the case of a main generator failure.
The right to transportation to the ship’s scheduled port of disembarkation or the passenger’s
            home
            city in the event a cruise is terminated early due to mechanical failures.
The right to lodging if disembarkation and an overnight stay in an unscheduled port are required when a
            cruise
            is terminated early due to mechanical failures.
The right to have included on each cruise line’s website a toll-free phone line that can be used for
            questions or information concerning any aspect of shipboard operations.
The right to have this
Cruise Line Passenger Bill of Rights
published on each line’s website.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Please read these terms and conditions prior to using this site.
By using this site, you agree to the following terms and conditions:
OWNERSHIP AND RESTRICTIONS ON USE
This site is owned and operated by CARNIVAL CRUISE LINES ("CARNIVAL"). All materials contained in this site are
        the copyrighted property of CARNIVAL. No material from CARNIVAL.COM or any Web site owned, operated, licensed,
        or controlled by CARNIVAL collectively or any one of which is referred to as "the Carnival Sites" may be copied,
        reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way, except that you may download
        one copy of the materials on any single computer for your personal, non-commercial home use only, provided you
        keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. Modification of the materials or use of the materials
        for any other purpose is a violation of CARNIVAL's copyright and other proprietary rights. For purposes of these
        terms, the use of any such material on any other Web site or computer network environment is expressly
        prohibited. Carnival owns all right, title and interest in and to all trademarks, service marks, and trade names
        included in the Web Site. The Legal Notice section of this page provides additional information about
Carnival’s copyright, trademark and
            other intellectual property rights
.
To the extent the Web Site provides interactive capabilities that allow you to submit information or data on the
        Web Site, you expressly acknowledge you may not upload to, distribute through, or otherwise publish through the
        Carnival Sites any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, threatening, invasive of
        privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable that would constitute or encourage a
        criminal offense, violate the rights of any party, or that would otherwise give rise to liability or violates
        any law.
By uploading or submitting any materials to us, you automatically grant (or warrant that the owner of such
        rights has expressly granted) us a perpetual, royalty-free, irrevocable, non-exclusive right and license to use,
        reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from and distribute such materials or
        incorporate such materials into any form, medium, or technology now known or later developed throughout the
        universe. In addition, you warrant that all so-called "moral rights" in those materials have been waived.
Any personal information you provide to us while registering on CARNIVAL.COM, BOOKCCL.COM or when using
        CARNIVAL.COM will be used by Carnival in accordance with Carnival’s
Privacy
            Notice
. Non-personal information you send or communicate to us, such as questions, comments or
        inquiries, will be not considered personal information and therefore will not be subject to our Privacy Notice.
        Accordingly, Carnival may use any such non-personal information you supply to us, which may include, but is not
        limited to, any inventions, ideas, concepts or know-how, without restriction or liability.
REGISTRATION, PASSWORD AND SECURITY
When you register with CARNIVAL.COM, you will create a login name and a password in completing the registration
        process and will provide us with certain information. It is your responsibility to provide us with true and
        accurate information during the registration process. Carnival will accept your information as it is provided to
        us. We will not verify the truth, accuracy or completeness of your information and we expressly disclaim any
        liability in connection therewith. You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your
        password and account, and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account. It
        is also your sole obligation to immediately notify Carnival of any unauthorized use of your account or any other
        breach of security.
MODIFICATION OF TERMS
Carnival reserves the right to change, modify, add, or remove portions of these terms at any time at our
        discretion. You may check these terms periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Carnival Sites
        subsequent to the revisions of these terms (including the CARNIVAL.COM Privacy Notice and Terms and Conditions
        applicable to Carnival's Internet Booking Application) means you accept those changes.
TERMINATION
These terms are effective until terminated by CARNIVAL, for any reason, with or without notice. Upon
        termination, you must destroy all materials obtained from the Carnival Sites and all copies thereof, whether
        made under the terms of these terms or otherwise.
LINKS
Carnival, at its discretion, may provide links to other web sites or resources or allow third party web sites to
        link to CARNIVAL.COM. Because Carnival has no control over such web sites or resources, you expressly understand
        and agree that Carnival is not responsible in any way or form for the contents, products, advertising,
        materials, services or resources contained on any other web sites and Carnival does not endorse or sponsor any
        third party web sites. Carnival is not responsible or liable, whether directly or indirectly, for any damage,
        loss or claims by or in connection with your use or reliance on any content, products, advertising, materials,
        services or resources available on or through such web sites.
DISCLAIMER
THE MATERIALS IN THIS SITE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. TO
        THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, CARNIVAL DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR
        IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
        PURPOSE. CARNIVAL DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE MATERIALS WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR
        ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THIS SITE OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF
        VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. CARNIVAL DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OR
        THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF THE MATERIALS IN THIS SITE IN TERMS OF THEIR CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, OR
        OTHERWISE. YOU (AND NOT CARNIVAL) ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR, OR CORRECTION.
        APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
        CARNIVAL ADDITIONALLY DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE ACCURACY OF FARES AND PRICES
        (COLLECTIVELY, “FARES”) ADVERTISED ON THE CARNIVAL SITES AND SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR OR OBLIGATED TO HONOR
        ERRONEOUS OR INACCURATE FARES.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE, SHALL CARNIVAL BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL OR
        CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OF, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, THE MATERIALS IN THIS SITE, EVEN IF
        CARNIVAL OR A CARNIVAL AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. APPLICABLE
        LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY OR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE
        LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN NO EVENT SHALL CARNIVAL'S TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL
        DAMAGES, LOSSES, AND CAUSES OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE), OR
        OTHERWISE) EXCEED THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU, IF ANY, FOR ACCESSING THIS SITE.
JURISDICTION
This site is controlled and operated by CARNIVAL from its offices within the State of Florida, United States of
        America. CARNIVAL makes no representation that materials in the site are appropriate or available for use in
        other locations. These terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of
        Florida, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law. You agree that any action at law or in
        equity arising out of or relating to these terms shall be filed only in the state or federal courts located in
        Miami-Dade County and you hereby consent and submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purposes
        of litigating any such action.
SHORE EXCURSION IMPORTANT CONDITIONS
Please read the following information before ordering any shore excursions online. These conditions are binding
        once you purchase any shore excursion provided by independent tour operators through Carnival. The deadline for
        making shore excursion bookings online is 3 days prior to sailing, unless otherwise noted in the shore excursion
        description. All of the shore excursions listed on the carnival.com website may not be available for every
        cruise itinerary.
All excursions are subject to change without notice. Descriptions, departure times, itineraries, pricing and
        locations may be altered and may vary due to unforeseen circumstances. Descriptions and excursion lengths are
        all based on approximate times and predetermined points of interest. Changes may be unavoidable and can be made
        at the tour operator’s sole discretion. Departure times and meeting places will be printed on the shore
        excursion ticket. As a delay may result in a missed excursion or interfere with the excursion’s normal
        operation, guests are required to report to the specified location, at the designated departure time.
You will be required to pay for your shore excursion order in full using our secure online credit card
        processing. You will receive instant online confirmation that your order has been paid in full. Your tickets
        will be delivered to your cabin prior to embarkation.
Shore Excursion Cancellation and Refund Policy
Shore excursions may be cancelled by Carnival or the Tour Operator due to inclement weather conditions, or any
        other reason whatsoever. In which case, and as your sole recourse, full refunds will be made to guests who have
        purchased cancelled excursions.
Excursions may be canceled or modified depending on the number of guests participating. Some excursions require
        a minimum number of guests to operate. If this minimum is not met, excursions may be cancelled by the Tour
        Operator and full refunds will be issued.
For online cancellations that occur outside the cut-off window, 3 days prior to sailing, a full refund will
        automatically be posted to the credit card that was used to pay for the shore excursion order. Please allow 5-7
        business days for the credit to post to your account. No changes can be made within the cut-off window. If you
        need to make changes after the cut-off date, you must wait until sailing and see the Shore Excursion Manager
        onboard. In the event of a cruise booking cancellation within the cut-off window, a full refund will
        automatically be posted to the credit card used to pay for the order.
If the designated contact person on a shore excursion order must cancel from their cruise booking and the
        remaining guests who are sailing would like to retain the shore excursion order, a new contact person needs to
        be assigned. If a designated contact person cancels and does not reassign the responsibility, the associated
        shore excursion orders will automatically cancel and be refunded.
Once onboard, cancellations are subject to a 25% cancellation charge. However, within 24 hours of arrival in
        port, all shore excursion orders are non-refundable. A refund, less any applicable cancellation charges, will be
        applied to the designated contact person’s sail and sign account. Carnival will only offer shipboard
        credit for shore excursion order refunds, but note any credit not utilized by the end of your cruise will be
        refunded via check to the order’s designated contact person on the morning of debarkation.
Guests are encouraged to purchase Carnival’s Cruise Vacation Protection Plan to cover any eligible
        non-refundable shore excursion cancellation charges.
Responsibility
Carnival is not responsible for any losses, damage, death, injuries, or claims whatsoever arising from,
        connected with, or related to any activities engaged in by guests while off Carnival’s ships or water
        shuttles in any port of call. This includes all shore excursions, whether booked online, sold onboard or sold by
        third parties ashore. Guests engage in all such activities off the ship at their own risk.
Carnival acts only as an agent for the independent tour operators supplying excursions or services. Independent
        contractors operate all shore excursions, including any related transportation. Carnival neither supervises nor
        controls their actions, nor makes any representation either expressed or implied as to their suitability.
        Carnival sells tickets for all excursions as a convenience to guests only. Tour operators, transportation
        providers, and their employees are neither agents nor employees of Carnival, notwithstanding their use of any
        signage or clothing which may contain the name “Carnival” or other related trade names or logos. It
        is understood and agreed that Carnival assumes no responsibility for, nor guarantees performance of, and in no
        event shall be liable for, any loss, damage, injury, or death in connection with said excursions or
        transportation. Please review your ticket for further information regarding your rights and obligations as well
        as those of Carnival.
Excursions/Tours & Activities not Sold by Carnival
Carnival recommends that guests do not engage in excursions, tours or activities that are not sold through
        Carnival as Carnival has no familiarity whatsoever with these services or their operations.
Restrictions
Please note that there are certain restrictions based on age, health, weight and/or height, which have been
        imposed by the individual excursion operators for your own safety. Carnival urges you to abide by them.
Tour operators have the right to require any individual to withdraw from an excursion at any time if they deem
        that individual’s conduct detrimental to or incompatible with the interests, comfort, well-being or
        harmony of the group as a whole. Tour operators reserve the right to alter or adjust excursions to meet local
        conditions for participant safety and convenience. Neither Carnival nor local tour operators will extend
        financial reimbursement to compensate for a guest’s disappointment in the event that circumstances beyond
        the reasonable control of Carnival or the tour operator make it impossible to provide services as
        intended.
Helicopter Weight Policy
The Federal Aviation Administration requires guests’ weights and names for weight and balance calculations
        as well as flight manifesting. Any guest whose weight is 250 pounds or more will be required to purchase a seat
        and a half. You must purchase the specific helicopter excursion for guests over 250 pounds or you will be
        refused service. Once onboard you may see the Shore Excursion Manager for assistance.
Pricing
Prices for shore excursions are quoted per person, in U.S. dollars and are subject to change without notice.
        Prices also vary by departure date and time and are capacity controlled. Some restrictions may apply. Most
        prices include transportation and when noted, meals, refreshments, guides and entrance fees. On snorkeling,
        scuba and golf excursions, only the equipment specified is included in the price. Some fishing excursions,
        particularly in Alaska, require the purchase of a fishing license, unless otherwise noted. Please see
Fishing Policies
.
Children three years old or less, who do not occupy a seat, will not be charged and do not require a ticket
        unless noted in the shore excursion description. Children between the ages of 4 to 12 years and teens between
        the ages of 13 to 18 years will be charged full adult price or special child/teen prices, when applicable and
        noted. Guests under 18 years of age must be accompanied by an adult to participate in shore excursions. Some
        excursions require a minimum age to participate and will be noted accordingly.
Fishing Policies
Alaska State law requires a valid one-day fishing license, which may be purchased from your excursion boat
        captain. In addition, during King Salmon season, you are also required to purchase a King Salmon license.
        Children 12 and under are required to wear life jackets at all times while onboard the fishing boat. Children
        must weigh 40 pounds or more to fit the life jacket and participate in the fishing excursion.
Personal Possessions
Neither Carnival, nor the Tour Operators will be responsible for personal possessions. Do not leave your
        possessions unattended at any time, either in the vehicles in which you are traveling or otherwise. Remember
        coats, umbrellas, cameras, handbags, wallets, traveling bags, binoculars, and similar items remain, at all times
        throughout the shore excursion, under the guest’s custody and control.
Transportation
Guests should consider that standards of transportation vary considerably throughout the world. Air-conditioned
        motorcoaches are not available in many areas. In some destinations, local buses are the best available. Guests
        wishing to travel with friends should all leave the ship together, as this will help the shore excursion staff
        allocate sufficient space in the same vehicle.
Please note that motorcoaches and other forms of transportation may require guests to climb 2 to 3 steps. Most,
        but not all motorcoaches, can accommodate collapsible wheelchairs. Staff is not obligated to lift guests into or
        out of vehicles. Transportation via water shuttle may prevent guests in wheelchairs from going ashore at certain
        ports of call. For further information about specific excursions’ transportation accessibility, please
        look for the accessibility advisories online, represented by a blue wheelchair icon or see the Shore Excursion
        Manager onboard.
Required Documentation & Identification
Please note that travel documentation requirements vary by destination and change often. It is the
        responsibility of the guest to provide valid travel and medical history documents required for air travel,
        debarkation at various ports of call and re-entry into the appropriate country of origin.
Your Sail & Sign Card will serve as your identification card when you re-board the ship in a port of call.
        Remember to take it with you whenever you go ashore. You will be required to show it to a Carnival security
        officer in order to re-board the ship.
THE FUN SHOPS ONLINE IMPORTANT CONDITIONS
Please read the following information before ordering anything from The Fun Shops online. All online orders are
        subject to these shopping terms & conditions.
All orders are accepted up to and no later than two days prior to debarkation date. Prices and deadlines are
        subject to change without notice. Holidays and changes in the itineraries may cause shorter deadlines. Some
        products, such as flowers, are time sensitive and must be ordered within a specific time frame prior to sailing
        (varies by ship port). ALL ORDERS MUST BE PREPAID. In the event an item is not available at the time of sailing,
        an item of equal value will be substituted. The Fun Shops Online products may be subject to sales tax depending
        on the location of delivery.
Alcohol Orders
Alcohol orders are not permitted to be taken to any location outside of the approved delivery locations
        specified for those products at checkout. This program is designed for in-cabin entertaining or in-dining
        consumption only. Consumption in public areas is strictly prohibited.
Cruise Cash
Cruise Cash provides an immediate credit to a guest's onboard Sail & Sign account. Although the cruise cash
        cannot be redeemed for cash, the cruise cash is a non-refundable credit that can enhance a guest’s
        cruising experience; the credit can be applied to cover charges to their onboard account, including taxes and
        gratuity charges. The total amount of the Cruise Cash purchased must be used in a single voyage, cannot be
        transferred to any future booking, and any unused credits will be forfeited.
Cruise Cash Bar
Cruise Cash Bar provides an immediate credit to a guest's Sail & Sign onboard account; this credit can be
        applied to cover any bar purchase, including CHEERS, alcoholic drinks, juice, soda, water, and coffee shop
        charges. Cruise Cash Bar is valid for a single voyage and cannot be transferred to future bookings. Cruise Cash
        Bar is non-refundable and any unused credits will be forfeited.
Cruise Cash Photo
Cruise Cash Photo provides an immediate credit to a guest's Sail & Sign onboard account; this credit can be
        applied toward Photo purchases. This credit is good for any photo department charge made to their account
        including photos, camera batteries, cameras, and photo albums. Cruise Cash Photo is valid for a single voyage
        and cannot be transferred to future bookings. Cruise Cash Photo is non-refundable and any unused credits will be
        forfeited.
Build-A-Bear Workshop Cruise Cash
Build-A-Bear Workshop Cruise Cash provides an immediate credit to a guest's onboard Sail & Sign account, which may be applied toward Build-A-Bear Workshop purchases. Charges for Camp Ocean™ and Night Owls™ services may diminish or fully deplete the Build-A-Bear Workshop Cruise Cash credit amount if such charges are made prior to use at Build-A-Bear Workshop at Sea. Build-A-Bear Workshop Cruise Cash is only valid for a single voyage and cannot be transferred to future bookings. Build-A-Bear Workshop Cruise Cash is non-refundable, not redeemable for cash, non-transferrable and any unused credits at the end of the voyage will be forfeited. Build-A-Bear Workshop Cruise Cash is only for onboard use and cannot be redeemed in land-based Build-A-Bear Workshop stores or online.
OTHER
If any provision of these terms shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision
        shall be deemed severable from these terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining
        provisions. This is the entire agreement between us relating to the subject matter herein and shall not be
        modified except in writing, signed by all parties.
MOBILE APPLICATION TERMS & CONDITIONS
Effective Date: May 25, 2018
CARNIVAL MOBILE APPLICATION
INTRODUCTION AND OVERVIEW
PARENTAL CONSENT
1. THE APPLICATION
2. LICENSE GRANT AND USE RESTRICTIONS
3. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
4. NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR THIRD PARTY CONTENT AND SERVICES
5. ACCOUNTS, PROFILES AND SOCIAL FEATURES
6. PURCHASE OF CHAT SUBSCRIPTION
7. TERM AND TERMINATION
8. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
9. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
10. INDEMNIFICATION
11. DISPUTE RESOLUTION BY BINDING ARBITRATION
12. MISCELLANEOUS
Third Party Terms [APPLE, GOOGLE]
If you'd like to review our Privacy Notice for Mobile Apps, please refer to
Carnival's Privacy Notice.
End User License Agreement for CARNIVAL MOBILE APPLICATION
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE, DO NOT CLICK THE
        “ACCEPT” BUTTON OR DOWNLOAD, INSTALL OR USE THE APPLICATION.
Back to top
Introduction and Overview
Please read this end user software license agreement (“License”) carefully before clicking the
        “Accept” button or downloading or using the Carnival Mobile Application (“Application”
        or “App”).  As used herein, “Application” includes, without limitation, any
        services specific to the Application, software code, scripts, interfaces, graphics, displays, text, images,
        artwork, music or video clips, documentation and other components or content and any updates, modifications or
        enhancements to these items accompanying the Application or this License.  These terms are an
        agreement between You and Carnival Cruise Lines (“Carnival,” “us,” and
        “our”) and its affiliates (individually and collectively,
        “Carnival”).  “You,” “Your” and “Licensee” in this
        License refer to You, an individual, and/or to the company or other legal entity on whose behalf You accept
        this License.
TO USE MANY OF THE FEATURES OF THIS APP, YOU MUST BE ON BOARD A CARNIVAL VESSEL.
This Application is licensed to You by Carnival for use strictly in accordance with the terms and conditions of
        this License.
By clicking the “accept” button or downloading or using the Application, You are entering
            into and agreeing to be bound by the terms of this License, the Carnival Terms and Conditions located on the
Terms and Conditions
page, and the Carnival
            Privacy Notice located on the
Privacy Notice page
; each as
            amended from time to time, and which policies are incorporated herein by reference.
If there are
        any inconsistencies between this License and the Carnival Terms and Conditions, this License takes precedence
        with respect to the Application. If at any time after reviewing the Application You wish to terminate this
        License, You must un-install and remove the Application from Your Device, and delete any copy of the Application
        in Your possession.
Your use of the Application also may be governed by terms and conditions required by (i) any applicable third
        party content and service providers, (ii) the manufacturer and other providers of Your Device and its hardware
        and software components, including its operating system, (iii) the online store or other applicable distributor
        through which You obtain the Application, (iv) the applicable wireless service agreement for Your Device, (v)
        any applicable open source or third party software license, and (vi) the terms or conditions governing Your
        personal accounts for web content services You access through the Application ((i) through (vi), including
        without limitation those terms listed in the “Third Party Terms” section of this License,
        collectively being referred to as the “Related Agreements”). No Related Agreement, however, shall
        have the effect of limiting, encumbering or otherwise restricting Carnival’s rights and remedies or Your
        obligations under this License, or waiving any restrictions on Your rights to use the Application under this
        License. This License shall not have the effect of limiting, encumbering or otherwise restricting
        Carnival’s rights and remedies or Your obligations under any Related Agreement between You and Carnival,
        or waiving any restrictions on Your rights under any Related Agreement between You and Carnival. You understand
        and agree that even if You are not the account-holder for Your Device, Your purchase and use of the Application
        is governed by terms and conditions in the applicable service wireless service agreement for Your Device.
If Carnival makes any updates or upgrades to the Application available to You, such updates or upgrades shall be
        subject to the terms and conditions of this License unless the Application is expressly provided to You under
        other, or additional terms and conditions, in which case, those other, or additional terms and conditions (which
        may include the payment of additional fees), shall apply.
Back to top
IF YOU ARE BETWEEN THE AGES OF THIRTEEN (13) AND
            SEVENTEEN (17), YOU MAY USE THIS APPLICATION ONLY WITH THE INVOLVEMENT OF A PARENT OR GUARDIAN WHO AGREES TO
            THESE TERMS AND TO BE RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR USE.
IF YOU ARE UNDER THE AGE OF 13, YOU MAY ONLY USE THIS APPLICATION WITH THE
EXPRESS CONSENT OF YOUR
                PARENT OR LEGAL GUARDIAN
.
Your Parent or Legal Guardian can provide Carnival with their consent in the following ways:
Using a credit card, debit card, or other online payment system that provides notification
            of each separate transaction to the account holder;
Providing consent when granting You authority to make charges to Your parent’s Sail
            & Sign account;
If onboard a Carnival Vessel, providing a copy of a form of government issued ID to Guest
            Services.
Each time You access and/or use the Application (other than to simply read the terms and conditions of this
        License), You agree to be bound by and comply with the terms and conditions of this License, the Carnival Terms
        and Conditions, the Carnival Mobile App Privacy Notice and any other applicable terms and conditions set forth
        in any Related Agreements.
DO NOT USE THIS APPLICATION IF YOU DO NOT AGREE.
The business realities associated with operating the Application are such that, without the conditions that are
        set forth in this License – such as Your grants and waivers of rights, the limitations on our liability,
        and Your indemnity to us – we would not make the Application available to You.
THIS LICENSE IS SUBJECT TO THE ARBITRATION PROVISION INCLUDED IN SECTION 11 OF THIS LICENSE.
Back to top
1. THE APPLICATION:
In order to access the
        Application while aboard Carnival Vessels (“Vessels”), You will need access to the unsecured
        Carnival Wi-Fi Service (“Wi-Fi”). Please review the Terms of Service & Acceptable Use Policy for
        the Carnival Wi-Fi Service onboard prior to accessing Wi-Fi.
The Application allows You to effortlessly find up-to-date information about Your Carnival cruise:
Before check-in, countdown to Your cruise and share the application with Your friends.
After check-in, when You log in with WiFi, You will be able to access information regarding
            onboard activities, restaurants, menus, open times, entertainment, ports of call, spa
            services, and shopping.
You can also:
Create an online profile. You can choose an avatar from Facebook or Your phone image library
            and whether to make Your profile public or private.
View ship messages and announcements
See what's happening every minute of every day
Save favorite activities to one convenient list
If You purchase the Application Chat function, You can add other cruisers who have also
            purchased the Application Chat function to Your contacts and Chat with them during Your
            cruise.
Voice, data and messaging rates may apply when You use this Application.
1.1 CONSENT TO USE LOCATION INFORMATION
: By using this Application, You agree that Carnival may
        collect and share Your Location Information for such purpose. If You do not want Your Location Information
        collected either do not download/use the Application or You may modify Your Device settings to disable
        collection of Your Location Information.
1.2 CONSENT TO DISCLOSE PERSONAL INFORMATION:
This Application allows You to create a Profile in
        which You can share Your name, Your cruise itinerary, plans, and other information regarding Your cruise. This
        Application also allows You to view some of the Personal Information of the contact that You add to Your
        Profile. In addition, if You elect to purchase the Application Chat function, You can communicate with contacts
        that You add to Your profile. You and the contact with whom You communicate will be able to view past Chats. You
        consent to the display of Your personal information, including without limitation Your name, photo, or other
        information, by the Application.
Back to top
2. LICENSE GRANT AND USE RESTRICTIONS.
2.1 License Grant.
Subject to the restrictions set forth in Section 2.2, Carnival grants You a
        personal, revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right to install and use one copy of the
        Application on a single device owned and controlled by You (“Device”), and to access and use the
        Application on such Device solely for Your personal entertainment use, strictly in accordance with the terms and
        conditions of this License, the Related Agreements, and all applicable local, national, and international laws
        and regulations.  You represent, warrant and agree that You are using the Application solely
        for Your own personal entertainment use and not for redistribution or transfer of any kind.
2.2
Restrictions on Use.
You shall not: (a) decompile, reverse engineer,
        disassemble, attempt to derive the source code of, or decrypt the Application, even for research purposes; (b)
        make any modification, adaptation, improvement, enhancement, translation or derivative work from the
        Application; (c) violate any applicable laws, rules or regulations in connection with Your access or use of the
        Application; (d) remove, alter or obscure any proprietary notice (including any notice of copyright or
        trademark) of Carnival or its collaborators, suppliers or licensors; (e) use the Application in a manner that
        derives revenue directly from such use, or use the Application for any other purpose for which it is not
        designed or intended; (f) install, use or permit the Application to exist on more than one Device at a time or
        on any other mobile device or computer; (g) distribute the Application to multiple Devices; (h) make the
        Application available over a network or other environment permitting access or use by multiple Devices or users
        at the same time; (i) use the Application for creating a product, service or software that is, directly or
        indirectly, competitive with or in any way a substitute for any services, product or software offered by
        Carnival; (j) use the Application to send automated queries to any website or to send any unsolicited commercial
        e-mail; (k) use any proprietary information or interfaces of Carnival or other intellectual property of Carnival
        in the design, development, manufacture, licensing or distribution of any applications, accessories or devices
        for use with the Application; (l) circumvent, disable or tamper with any security-related components or other
        protective measures applicable to the Application or the Device or (m) reproduce, archive, retransmit,
        distribute, disseminate, sell, lease, rent, exchange, modify, broadcast, synchronize, publicly perform, publish,
        publicly display, make available to third parties, transfer or circulate the Application. You agree to abide by
        the rules and policies established from time to time by Carnival. Such rules and policies may include, for
        example, required or automated updates, modifications, and/or reinstallations of the Application and obtaining
        available patches to address security, interoperability or performance issues. These obligations survive
        termination of this License.
Back to top
3. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS.
3.1 Rights to Application.
You acknowledge and agree that the Application, any copies thereof
        (including without limitation any copy that You download, install, or use on Your Device), and all copyrights,
        patents, trademarks, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights associated therewith are, and shall
        remain, the property of Carnival or its collaborators, licensors, or suppliers.  Furthermore, You
        acknowledge and agree that the source and object code of the Application and the format, directories, queries,
        algorithms, structure and organization of the Application are the intellectual property and proprietary and
        confidential information of Carnival and its collaborators, licensors and suppliers. Title to the Application
        shall remain with Carnival. Carnival and its collaborators, licensors, and suppliers reserve the right to
        change, suspend, terminate, remove, impose limits on the use of or access to, disable access to, or require the
        return of the Application (or any copy thereof) at any time without notice and will have no liability for doing
        so. Except as expressly stated in this License, You are not granted any intellectual property rights in or to
        the Application by implication, estoppel or other legal theory, and all rights in and to the Application not
        expressly granted in this License are hereby reserved and retained by Carnival.These obligations survive
        termination of this License.
3.2 Carnival Marks.
Carnival owns all right, title and interest in and to all trademarks,
        service marks, and trade names included in the Application. For additional information about Carnival’s
        copyright, trademark and other intellectual property rights, please visit
Carnival's Legal
            Copyright & Trademark page
. You are not authorized to use the Carnival Marks in any advertising,
        publicity or in any other commercial manner without the prior written consent of Carnival, which may be withheld
        for any or no reason. These obligations survive termination of this License.
3.3 Open Source Software
. The Application may utilize or include third party software that is
        subject to open source license terms (“Open Source Software”). You acknowledge and agree that Your
        right to use such Open Source Software as part of the Application is subject to and governed by the terms and
        conditions of any applicable open source license, including, without limitation, any applicable
        acknowledgements, license terms and disclaimers contained therein (collectively, the “Open Source License
        Terms”). In the event of a conflict between the terms of this License and the Open Source License Terms,
        the Open Source License Terms shall control.
Back to top
4. NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR THIRD PARTY CONTENT AND SERVICES.
4.1 General.
You acknowledge that the Application may permit access to products, services,
        websites, advertisements, promotions, recommendations, advice, information, and materials created and provided
        by advertisers, publishers, content collaborators, marketing agents, vendors and other third parties
        (“Third Party Content and Services”).
4.2 Disclaimer.
You acknowledge that Carnival does not investigate, monitor, represent or
        endorse the Third Party Content and Services (including any third party websites accessed through the
        Application). Furthermore, Your access to and use of the Third Party Content and Services is at Your sole
        discretion and risk, and Carnival shall have no liability to You arising out of or in connection with Your
        access to and use of the Third Party Content and Services. Third parties may collect information
        about You and Your Device if You choose to use Third Party Content and Services.  Carnival and
        its collaborators, suppliers, and licensors are not responsible for third parties’ data collection
        practices.  Carnival encourages You to review the third parties’ privacy policies.
4.3 Third Party Terms of Service.
You acknowledge and agree that Your access to and use of the
        Third Party Content and Services and any correspondence or business dealings between You and any third party
        using the Application are governed by and require Your acceptance of the terms of service of such third party,
        including, without limitation, any terms, privacy policies, conditions, representations, warranties or
        disclaimers contained therein. You assume all risks arising out of or resulting from Your transaction of
        business over the Internet and with any third party, and You agree that Carnival and its collaborators,
        suppliers, and licensors are not responsible or liable for any loss or result of the presence of information
        about or links to such advertisers or service providers. Furthermore, You acknowledge and agree that this
        License does not grant You any license to (i) the Third Party Content and Services; (ii) any products, services,
        processes or technology described in or offered by the Third Party Content and Services; or (iii) any copyright,
        trademark, patent or other intellectual property right in the Third Party Content or Services or any products,
        services, processes or technology described or offered therein. You agree that You will not use Third Party
        Content or Services in a manner that would infringe or violate the rights of any other party, and that Carnival
        and its collaborators, suppliers, and licensors are not in any way responsible for any such use by You.
4.4 Endorsements.
You acknowledge and agree that the provision of access to any Third Party
        Content and Service shall not constitute or imply any endorsement by Carnival of such Third Party Content and
        Services.Carnival reserves the right to restrict or deny access to any Third Party Content and Services
        otherwise accessible through the Application, although Carnival has no obligation to restrict or deny access
        even if requested by You.
4.5 Inaccurate or Inappropriate Materials.
You understand that by accessing and using the Third
        Party Content and Services, You may encounter information, materials and subject matter (i) that are incomplete
        or inaccurate; (ii) that You or others may deem offensive, indecent, or objectionable; (iii) which may or may
        not be identified as having explicit language, and (iv) that automatically and unintentionally appears in search
        results, as a link or reference to objectionable material.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, You agree
        to use the Third Party Content and Services at Your sole risk and that Carnival and its collaborators,
        suppliers, and licensors shall have no liability to You for information, material or subject matter that is
        found to be incomplete, inaccurate, offensive, indecent, or objectionable.
Back to top
5. ACCOUNTS, PROFILES AND SOCIAL FEATURES
5.1 Accounts
. In order to access or use the features on the Service, You must be onboard a
        Vessel. The Application’s practices governing any resulting collection and use of Your personal
        information are disclosed in its Privacy Notice.
IF YOU ARE UNDER THE AGE OF THIRTEEN (13) THEN CARNIVAL
            MUST OBTAIN VERIFIABLE CONSENT FROM YOUR PARENTS BEFORE YOU CAN REGISTER AS A USER, CREATE A PROFILE PAGE,
            SUBMIT PERSONAL INFORMATION TO US, OR OTHERWISE USE THIS APPLICATION. FOR INFORMATION ON THIS PROCESS, SEE
            GUEST SERVICES ON BOARD.
Your username will be your cruise Folio number and Your password will be the month and day of your birth (mm/dd)
        and You agree that: (i) You will not use a username (or e-mail address) that is already being used by someone
        else, may impersonate another person, belongs to another person, violates the intellectual property or other
        right of any person or entity, or is offensive. We may reject the use of any password, username, or e-mail
        address for any other reason in our sole discretion; (ii) You will provide true, accurate, current, and complete
        registration information about Yourself in connection with the registration process and, as permitted, to
        maintain and update it including on Your Profile Page, continuously and promptly to keep it accurate, current,
        and complete; (iii) You are solely responsible for all activities that occur under Your account, password, and
        username – whether or not You authorized the activity; (iv) You are solely responsible for maintaining the
        confidentiality of Your password and for restricting access to Your Device so that others may not access any
        password protected portion of the Application using Your name, username, or password; (v) You will immediately
        notify us of any unauthorized use of Your account, password, or username, or any other breach of security; (vi)
        You will not defame, stalk, bully, abuse, harass, threaten, impersonate or intimidate people or entities and You
        will not post private or confidential information via the App, including, without limitation, Your or any other
        person's credit card information, social security or alternate national identity numbers, non-public phone
        numbers or non-public email addresses; (vii) You will not use the App for any illegal or unauthorized purpose.
        You agree to comply with all laws, rules and regulations (for example, federal, state, local and provincial)
        applicable to Your use of the App and your Content (defined below), including but not limited to, copyright
        laws; (viii) You will not interfere or disrupt the App or servers or networks connected to the App, including by
        transmitting any worms, viruses, spyware, malware or any other code of a destructive or disruptive nature; and
        (ix) You will not sell, transfer, or assign Your account or any account rights.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage (of any kind and under any legal theory) to You or any third party
        arising from Your inability or failure for any reason to comply with any of the foregoing obligations.
If any information that You provide, or if we have reasonable grounds to suspect that any information that You
        provide, is false, inaccurate, outdated, incomplete, or violates any applicable terms or conditions or law, then
        we may suspend or terminate Your account. We also reserve the more general and broad right to terminate Your
        account or suspend or otherwise deny You access to it or its benefits – all in our sole discretion, for
        any reason, and without advance notice or liability.
Back to top
5.2 Profiles
. When You are on board Your Vessel, You can create a Profile. To create a Profile,
        You must be logged in to the Vessel’s Wi-Fi. Click
here
for
        terms and conditions related to the Carnival Wi-Fi Service. You must enter Your cruise Folio number, and the
        month and day of Your birth (
mm/dd
). You may be able to create a nickname and/or choose a profile
        picture. However, if You choose to submit photographs to the Application or include other images of real people,
        then make sure they are of You or of You and someone You know – and only if You have their express
        permission to submit it. EACH MEMBER OF YOUR TRAVELING PARTY MUST CREATE HIS OR HER OWN PROFILE IN ORDER TO
        ACCESS THE APP AND RELATED SERVICES.
Without limiting the foregoing, Profile Pages may not include content that You are attempting to sell through the
        Application, and cannot be used to conduct commercial activities, including, but not limited to, transactions,
        advertising, fundraising, contests or other promotions absent our prior written consent. We may offer You the
        ability to set preferences relating to Your profile or Application activities, but settings may not become
        effective immediately or be error free, and options may change from time-to-time. We assume no responsibility or
        liability for users’ Profile material.
We do not review Profile Pages to determine if they were created by an authorized person or an appropriate party,
        and we are not responsible for any unauthorized Profile Pages that may appear on the Application. If there is
        any dispute as to whether a Profile Page has been created or is being maintained by an authorized representative
        of the individual who is the subject of that Profile Page, then we shall have the sole right, but are not
        obligated, to resolve such dispute as we determine is appropriate in our sole discretion. Such resolution may
        include, without limitation, deleting or disabling access to Profile Pages, or any portion thereof, at any time
        without notice.
Back to top
5.3 Family and Friends
. The Family and Friends feature allows You to plan Your shipboard
        activities with Your Family and Friends and other guests and to Chat with each other with the Chat function.
        Each person must purchase their own subscription for the Carnival Chat function in order to utilize this
        feature. You can add family members and friends to Your contacts. Family and Friends can share itinerary and
        activity information.
To invite Family or Friends who have their own App Profiles, You will need to sign in to the App and send Your
        Family Member or Friend an invitation to their e-mail address. When a Family Member or Friend accepts Your
        information, that person can see Your name or nickname, Your Profile photograph, and Your entire trip itinerary.
        Family and Friends who are on Your reservation will also be able to see Your reservation information.
Your Family Members and/or Friends may also send You an invitation. You acknowledge that by sending and/or
        accepting an invitation to connect on the App, You authorize that Family Member or Friend to plan or modify
        activities for You without notice to You. Carnival is not liable or responsible for the conduct of the family or
        friends You choose to connect with on the App, including in the planning or modification of activities on Your
        behalf, or for a family or friend’s use of any information You choose to share with the family or friend.
If You create a profile for a Family Member or a Friend who does not have his or her own App account, You are not
        creating an App account for that person. Instead, You are providing information about that Family Member or
        Friend in order to add him or her to activities on that person’s behalf. You may remove Family Members or
        Friends from these “Managed Profiles” at any time.
5.4 User Generated Content
. Carnival may allow You to upload certain images, graphics, photos,
        audio and video clips, statements and other content or materials (collectively, "Content") on or through the
        App. You may not post violent, nude, partially nude, discriminatory, unlawful, infringing, hateful, pornographic
        or sexually suggestive photos or other content via the App. You are solely responsible for your conduct and any
        Content that You post on or through the App. Carnival may, but has no obligation to, remove, edit, block, and/or
        monitor Content or accounts containing Content that Carnival determines in its sole discretion violates this
        License.
Carnival does not claim ownership of any Content that You post on or through the App. Instead, you hereby grant
        to Carnival a non-exclusive, perpetual, fully paid and royalty-free, transferable, sub-licensable, worldwide
        license to use publish and distribute the Content that you post on or through the App in all media and types of
        advertising and promotion throughout the world. You represent and warrant that: (i) You own the Content posted
        by You on or through the App or otherwise have the right to grant the rights and licenses set forth in these
        terms; (ii) the posting and use of your Content on or through the App does not violate, misappropriate or
        infringe on the rights of any third party, including, without limitation, privacy rights, publicity rights,
        copyrights, trademark and/or other intellectual property rights; (iii) You agree to pay for all royalties, fees,
        and any other monies owed by reason of Content You post on or through the App; (iv) no advertisement or other
        materials need be submitted to You for further approval and Carnival shall be without liability to You for any
        distortion or illusionary effect resulting from the publication of my biography, picture, and likeness; and (v)
        You have the legal right and capacity to enter into this License in your jurisdiction. Additionally, You
        expressly release Carnival from and against any and all claims which You may have at any time for the
        remuneration, invasion of privacy, rights of publicity, defamation or any cause of action arising out of
        Carnival’s use or any advertisement, marketing device or other publication relating to Carnival’s
        use of your Content.
Back to top
6. PURCHASE OF CHAT SUBSCRIPTION
6.1
The Application Chat function will enable You to communicate (“Chat”) with Your
        Friends and Family while on the Vessel. All Friends and Family who are identified as “travel with,”
        “same cabin” or “same account” on Your Folio will automatically be pre-loaded as
        contacts. In order to Chat with anyone else, You must first add them to Your Profile and they must accept Your
        invitation to Chat. In order to use the Carnival Chat function, You must purchase a subscription. A
        valid/funded/activated sail and sign card is required for purchase. Your Friend and/or Family Member must also
        be subscribed to Carnival Chat. The purchase of a Carnival Chat subscription is a limited, non-exclusive,
        revocable, non-assignable, personal, and non-transferable right to use the Chat function for the duration of
        Your Carnival sailing. Accordingly, Youhave no property, proprietary, intellectual property, ownership, or
        monetary interest in Your Chats, which remain our Content. The right may be immediately suspended or terminated
        for any reason, in our sole discretion, and without advance notice or liability. We may modify usage
        subscriptions and virtual items at our sole discretion, and such modifications may make the usage subscriptions
        or virtual items more or less common, valuable, effective, or functional.
6.2
You may not purchase, sell, barter, or trade any usage subscriptions or virtual items, or
        offer to purchase, sell, or trade any usage subscriptions or virtual items. Any such attempted transfer will be
        null and void.
6.3
If we suspend or terminate any usage subscriptions or virtual items, then You will forfeit
        the suspended or terminated subscription or items, except as may be set forth in any additional terms (such as
        any refund policies that may apply to a subscription service). Likewise, except as may be set forth in any
        additional terms or as required by applicable law, we are not responsible for repairing or replacing same, or
        providing You any credit or refund or any other sum, in the event of our modification of any usage subscriptions
        or virtual item, or for loss or damage due to error, or any other reason.
Back to top
7. TERM AND TERMINATION
This License shall
        be effective until terminated. Carnival may, in its sole and absolute discretion, at any time and for any or no
        reason, suspend or terminate this License and the rights afforded to You hereunder with or without prior notice.
        Furthermore, if You fail to comply with any terms and conditions of this License, then this License and any
        rights afforded to You hereunder shall terminate automatically, without any notice or other action by Carnival
        Upon the termination of this License, You shall cease all use of the Application and uninstall the Application.
        Carnival may, without notice to You, disable the Application. Carnival will not be liable to You or any third
        party for compensation, indemnity, or damages of any sort as a result of terminating this License in accordance
        with its terms, and termination of this License will be without prejudice to any other right or remedy Carnival
        may have, now or in the future. These obligations survive termination of this License.
Back to top
8. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE
        THAT THE APPLICATION, INCLUDING ALL CONTENT CONTAINED THEREIN OR ACCESSED THEREBY, IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS
        IS’ AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS, AND THAT YOUR USE OF OR RELIANCE UPON THE APPLICATION AND ANY
        THIRD PARTY CONTENT AND SERVICES ACCESSED THEREBY IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND DISCRETION. CARNIVAL AND ITS
        COLLABORATORS, SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS HEREBY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND GUARANTIES
        REGARDING THE APPLICATION AND THIRD PARTY CONTENT AND SERVICES, WHETHER ORAL, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, AND
        WHETHER ARISING BY LAW, STATUTE, USAGE OF TRADE, CUSTOM, COURSE OF DEALING OR PERFORMANCE OF THE PARTIES, OR THE
        NATURE OR CONTEXT OF THIS LICENSE, AND INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
        FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. FURTHERMORE, CARNIVAL AND ITS COLLABORATORS, SUPPLIERS
        AND LICENSORS MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT (I) THE APPLICATION OR THIRD PARTY CONTENT AND SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR
        REQUIREMENTS; (II) THE APPLICATION OR THIRD PARTY CONTENT AND SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ACCURATE,
        RELIABLE, TIMELY, SECURE, FREE FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS OR ERROR-FREE; (III) THE QUALITY OF ANY
        PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION OR OTHER MATERIAL ACCESSED OR OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE APPLICATION WILL BE AS
        REPRESENTED OR MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS; OR (IV) ANY ERRORS IN THE APPLICATION OR THIRD PARTY CONTENT AND SERVICES
        WILL BE CORRECTED. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM CARNIVAL OR FROM THE
        APPLICATION SHALL CREATE ANY REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY OR GUARANTY. FURTHERMORE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT CARNIVAL
        AND ITS COLLABORATORS, SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS HAVE NO OBLIGATION TO CORRECT ANY ERRORS OR OTHERWISE SUPPORT OR
        MAINTAIN THE APPLICATION. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE APPLICATION IS NOT INTENDED OR SUITABLE FOR USE IN SITUATIONS
        OR ENVIRONMENTS WHERE THE PERFORMANCE OF, USE OR MISUSE OF, FAILURE OF, OR ERRORS OR INACCURACIES IN THE
        CONTENT, DATA OR INFORMATION PROVIDED BY, THE APPLICATION COULD LEAD TO DEATH, PERSONAL INJURY, OR SEVERE
        PHYSICAL, PROPERTY, OR ENVIRONMENTAL DAMAGE. CARNIVAL AND ITS COLLABORATORS, SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS DO NOT
        WARRANT THAT THE APPLICATION WILL BE COMPATIBLE OR INTEROPERABLE WITH YOUR DEVICE OR ANY OTHER PIECE OF
        HARDWARE, SOFTWARE, EQUIPMENT OR DEVICE INSTALLED ON OR USED IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR DEVICE. FURTHERMORE, YOU
        ACKNOWLEDGE THAT COMPATIBILITY AND INTEROPERABILITY PROBLEMS CAN CAUSE THE PERFORMANCE OF YOUR DEVICE TO
        DIMINISH OR FAIL COMPLETELY, AND MAY RESULT IN PERMANENT DAMAGE TO YOUR DEVICE, LOSS OF THE DATA LOCATED ON YOUR
        DEVICE, AND CORRUPTION OF THE SOFTWARE AND FILES LOCATED ON YOUR DEVICE. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT CARNIVAL
        AND ITS COLLABORATORS, SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS, AND THEIR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS, SHALL HAVE
        NO LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY LOSSES SUFFERED, RESULTING FROM OR ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH COMPATIBILITY OR
        INTEROPERABILITY PROBLEMS. SHOULD THE APPLICATION PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE ENTIRE BURDEN OF ALL NECESSARY
        EXPENSES, SERVICING, REPAIR, OR CORRECTION. THIS SECTION 8 SHALL SURVIVE TERMINATION OF THIS LICENSE.
NOTWITHSTANDING AND WITHOUT WAIVING THE FOREGOING, THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE RELATED AGREEMENTS MAY PROVIDE
        LIMITED REMEDIES TO YOU.
Back to top
9. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
EXCEPT
        TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY LAW, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL CARNIVAL, ITS COLLABORATORS, SUPPLIERS OR
        LICENSORS, NOR THEIR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS, BE LIABLE FOR ACCIDENTS, PROPERTY DAMAGE,
        PERSONAL INJURY, DEATH, OR FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES
        ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SALE OR DISTRIBUTION OF, THE PERFORMANCE OR NON-PERFORMANCE, OR YOUR
        ACCESS OR USE OF OR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE THE APPLICATION AND ANY THIRD PARTY CONTENT AND SERVICES, WHETHER
        OR NOT THE DAMAGES WERE FORESEEABLE AND WHETHER OR NOT SUCH PARTY WAS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
        DAMAGES. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, CARNIVAL’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO YOU (WHETHER
        UNDER CONTRACT, TORT, STATUTE OR OTHERWISE) SHALL NOT EXCEED THE GREATER OF (i) THE INITIAL PURCHASE PRICE PAID
        BY YOU FOR THE APPLICATION, (ii) THE AGGREGATE AMOUNT YOU PAID TO CARNIVAL FOR THE APPLICATION DURING THE ONE
        MONTH PRECEDING THE DATE THAT THE CLAIM ARISES, OR (iii) TWO DOLLARS ($2.00). THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS WILL
        APPLY EVEN IF THE ABOVE STATED REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. THIS SECTION 9 SHALL SURVIVE TERMINATION
        OF THIS LICENSE.
Back to top
10. INDEMNIFICATION
You shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless CARNIVAL and its collaborators, suppliers and licensors, and their
        officers, directors,
        agents and employees (the “Indemnified Parties”) from and against any claim, proceeding, loss,
        damage, fine, penalty, interest and expense (including, without limitation, fees for attorneys and other
        professional advisors) arising out of or in connection with the following: (i) Your access to or use of this
        Application or Third Party Content and Services; (ii) Your breach of this License; (iii) Your violation of law;
        (iv) Your negligence or willful misconduct; or (v) Your violation of the rights of a third party. You will
        promptly notify Carnival in writing of any third-party claim arising out of or in connection with Your access to
        or use of the Application. These obligations survive termination of this License.
Back to top
11. DISPUTE RESOLUTION BY BINDING ARBITRATION
Please read this carefully as it affects your rights.
Summary:
Most customer concerns can be resolved quickly and to the customer's satisfaction by calling our customer service
        department at 1-888-227-6482.
In the unlikely event that Carnival's customer service department is
            unable to resolve a complaint You may have to Your satisfaction (or if Carnival has not been able to resolve
            a dispute it has with You after attempting to do so informally), we each agree to resolve those disputes
            through binding arbitration or small claims court instead of in courts of general jurisdiction.
The
        arbitration will be governed by the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association
        (“AAA”), as modified by this License, and will be administered by the AAA in Miami, Florida.
        Arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court. Arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge
        or jury, allows for more limited discovery than in court, and is subject to very limited review by courts.
        Arbitrators can award the same damages and relief that a court can award.
Any arbitration under this
            License will take place on an individual basis; class arbitrations and class actions are not
            permitted.
Back to top
12. MISCELLANEOUS
The following provisions survive termination of this License:
12.1 Governing Law, Limitation on Actions.
This site is controlled and operated by Carnival from
        its offices within the State of Florida, United States of America. Carnival makes no representation that
        materials in the site are appropriate or available for use in other locations. These terms shall be governed by
        and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida, without giving effect to any principles of
        conflicts of law. You agree that any action at law or in equity arising out of or relating to these terms shall
        be filed only in the state or federal courts located in Miami-Dade County and You hereby consent and submit to
        the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purposes of litigating any such action
12.2 Severability.
If any provision of this License is held to be invalid or unenforceable with
        respect to a party, the remainder of this License, or the application of such provision to persons other than
        those to whom it is held invalid or unenforceable shall not be affected and each remaining provision of this
        License shall be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law.
12.3 Waiver.
Except as provided herein, the failure to exercise a right or require performance
        of an obligation under this License shall not affect a party’s ability to exercise such right or require
        such performance at any time thereafter nor shall the waiver of a breach constitute waiver of any subsequent
        breach.
12.4 Modification or Amendment.
Carnival reserves the right to modify or discontinue,
        temporarily or permanently, at any time and from time to time, the App (or any function or feature of the App or
        any part thereof, including but not limited to rates and charges) with or without notice. You agree that
        Carnival will not be liable to You or to any third party for any such modification, suspension or discontinuance
        of the Service. This License may be updated or changed from time to time, as determined by Carnival in its sole
        discretion. Carnival will provide notice of changes in the License in any manner acceptable by law, including by
        posting them to our onboard website or at such other website as Carnival may designate. Any changes or
        modifications will be effective immediately upon such notice, and You waive any right You may have to receive
        specific notice of such changes or modifications. Your use of the App following updates or a change to this
        License constitutes Your acceptance of those changes; therefore, You should frequently review this license to
        understand the terms and conditions that apply to Your use of the Service. If You do not agree to the revisions,
        You must terminate Your use of the App immediately.
Back to top
12.5 Survival
. Any provisions of this License which by their express language or by their
        context are intended to survive the termination of this License shall survive such termination.
12.6 Third Party Beneficiaries.
Except as explicitly provided in this License or in the Related
        Agreements, nothing contained in this License is intended or shall be construed to confer upon any person (other
        than the parties hereto) any rights, benefits or remedies of any kind or character, or to create any obligations
        or liabilities of a party to any such person.
12.7 No Transfer by You.
You may not rent, lease, lend, sublicense, assign or transfer the
        Application, this License or any of the rights granted hereunder. Any attempted transfer in contravention of
        this provision shall be null and void and of no force or effect. These obligations survive termination of this
        License. Carnival may assign this License without restriction.
12.8 Copyright Complaints.
Carnival respects the intellectual property rights of others. If You
        believe that Your work has been copied and has been posted, stored or transmitted by or through the Application
        in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please submit a notification pursuant to the Digital
        Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) by providing Carnival’s Copyright Agent the following
        written information:
An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner
            of the copyright interest;
A description of the copyrighted work that You claim has been infringed upon;
A specific description of where the material that You claim is infringing is located;
Your address, telephone number, and e-mail address;
A statement by You that You have a good-faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized
            by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
A statement by You, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in Your notice
            is accurate and that You are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright
            owner's behalf.
Carnival’s Copyright Agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement relating to the Application can
        be reached as follows:
Attn: General Counsel
        Carnival Cruise Lines
        3655 NW 87
th
Avenue
        MLGL-815
        Miami, Florida 33178-2428
For more information about Carnival’s copyright protection practices under the DMCA and for information on
        how to contact Carnival’s DMCA agent, please refer to
Carnival's Legal
            Copyright & Trademarks page
.
12.9 Entire Agreement.
This License including the documents incorporated herein by reference
        constitute the entire agreement with respect to the use of the Application licensed hereunder and supersedes all
        prior or contemporaneous understandings regarding such subject matter.
Back to top
THIRD PARTY TERMS. The below Third Party Terms are
        incorporated herein and made part of this License: Apple and Google.
APPLE:
Additional provisions and Usage Rules required by Apple, Inc. (“Apple”) may
        be found at
Apple's Media
            Services Terms and Conditions page
. If Your Device is manufactured by
        Apple or if You obtain the downloadable Application through iTunes, You and Carnival acknowledge and agree that
        Apple and its subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries to this License, and that, upon Your acceptance of the
        terms and conditions of this License, Apple will have the right to enforce this License against You in its
        capacity as a third party beneficiary to the License. APPLE SHALL HAVE NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY CLAIMS MADE BY
        YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY RELATED TO THE APPLICATION OR YOUR USE OR POSSESSION OF THE APPLICATION, INCLUDING, BUT
        NOT LIMITED TO (i) PRODUCT LIABILITY CLAIMS, (ii) ANY CLAIM THAT THE APPLICATION FAILS TO CONFORM TO ANY
        APPLICABLE LEGAL OR REGULATORY REQUIREMENT, (iii) CLAIMS ARISING UNDER CONSUMER PROTECTION OR SIMILAR
        LEGISLATION, OR (iv) ANY CLAIMS, LOSSES, LIABILITIES, DAMAGES, COSTS OR EXPENSES ATTRIBUTABLE TO ANY FAILURE OF
        THE APPLICATION TO CONFORM TO ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. IF YOU HAVE PAID ANY FEE TO APPLE FOR USE OF THE
        APPLICATION, IN THE EVENT OF ANY FAILURE OF THE APPLICATION TO CONFORM TO ANY APPLICABLE WARRANTY, YOU MAY
        NOTIFY APPLE, AND APPLE WILL, AS YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY, REFUND TO YOU THE PURCHASE PRICE PAID, IF ANY,
        FOR THE APPLICATION. APPLE WILL HAVE NO OTHER WARRANTY OBLIGATION WHATSOEVER WITH RESPECT TO THE APPLICATION.
GOOGLE
Additional provisions and Usage Rules required by Google Inc. (“Google”) may
        be found at
Google Play Terms
            of Service page
. If Your Device is manufactured by
        Google or if You obtain the downloadable Application through Google Play, You and Carnival acknowledge and agree
        that Google and its subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries to this License, and that, upon Your acceptance
        of the terms and conditions of this License, Google will have the right to enforce this License against You in
        its capacity as a third party beneficiary to the License.
April 2015
CARNIVAL'S SMS MESSAGE AND ALERT SERVICE AGREEMENT
Your use of Carnival’s text message service (the “Service”) is governed by this SMS Message and
        Alert Service Agreement (“Agreement”) which incorporates the terms of the cruise ticket contract as
        if restated herein. You must be at least 18 years old to use the Service, and if you are under18, your parent or
        legal guardian must have read and agreed to the below terms before subscribing.
Please read the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement carefully. Your use and continued access of the
        Service will constitute your ongoing agreement to this Agreement with its changes and revisions. For purposes of
        this Agreement "you" shall mean the owner or authorized user of the mobile device whose telephone number is
        submitted to subscribe to the Service. You further represent that you are authorized to accept these terms and
        conditions. If you cannot accept this Agreement, do not use the Service. This Agreement may be modified at any
        time without any prior notice. It is your responsibility to regularly check the site to determine if there have
        been changes to this User Agreement and to review such changes. Your failure to abide by this Agreement or any
        other terms or conditions posted anywhere within the Service may result in suspension or termination of your
        access to the Service, without notice, in addition to Carnival's other remedies.
1. The Service
i. Subscription to Booking & Account-Related Text Messages:
As part of the Service, you may subscribe to receive text messages (SMS) about for sailing alerts,
                    or payment
                    reminders, and/or cancellations to your designated mobile phone or wireless ("Device"). Text
                    messages may be
                    sent using an automatic telephone dialing system or prerecorded. Payment reminder and cancellation
                    texts will be
                    limited to five (5) texts before the commencement of your voyage. The number of sailing alerts will
                    depend on
                    the voyage booked but will not exceed ten (10) per voyage. Consent is not required as a condition of
                    purchase.
To subscribe, simply check the box confirming acceptance in the Online Check-in system and provide
                    your Device
                    phone number. You can also subscribe with our contact center over the phone. By subscribing to
                    receive these
                    text messages, you agree to receive booking and account-related text messages from Carnival or its
                    third party
                    service provider to your Device phone number. You represent and warrant that you are the registered
                    owner or
                    authorized user of the Device and phone number provided and that you are authorized to enroll the
                    designated
                    phone number to receive such text messages. You agree and represent that the Device phone number you
                    provide at
                    subscription is accurate and up-to-date. If your Device phone number changes, you must immediately
                    update it as
                    set forth in Section (iii). Standard data and message rates apply. For information on how to
                    unsubscribe, see
                    Section 1(v)(a) below.
ii. Subscription to Personal Vacation Planner (PVP) and Marketing Text
                Messages
As part of the Service, you may subscribe to receive text messages (SMS) for your PVP’s contact
                    information,
                    virtual business card (MMS/vCard), and other sales/marketing information via text message. Text
                    messages may be
                    sent using an automatic telephone dialing system or prerecorded. By subscribing to receive these
                    text messages,
                    you agree to receive marketing messages on a recurring basis from Carnival or its third party
                    service provider
                    to your Device phone number. Consent is not required as a condition of purchase.
To subscribe, contact your Personal Vacation Planner by phone to request a virtual business card
                    then simply
                    reply "yes" to incoming text message communication. You represent and warrant that you are the
                    registered owner
                    or authorized user of the Device and phone number provided and that you are authorized to enroll the
                    designated
                    phone number to receive such text messages. You agree and represent that the Device phone number you
                    provide at
                    subscription is accurate and up-to-date. If your Device phone number changes, you must immediately
                    update it as
                    set forth in Section 1(iii). Standard data and message rates apply. For information on how to
                    unsubscribe, see
                    Section 1(v) (b) below.
For additional information regarding use of personal information you supply or communicate to
                    Carnival or the
                    Service, please see our
Privacy Notice
.
For additional questions, please
Contact Us
.
iii. Functionality; Security; Mobile Use Precautions
This Service is offered on an "as is" and "as available" basis without warranties of any kind,
                    except as
                    otherwise expressly stated. Text messaging service may not be available at all times and in all
                    areas; certain
                    variables could affect delivery of the messages, including but not limited to the functionality of
                    your
                    carrier’s network and text messaging platform, and restrictions set by your carrier to your account.
                    Carnival or
                    its text messaging provider does not guarantee message delivery, timeliness, or that messaging
                    Services, will be
                    available at all times. Carnival is not responsible for messages that are lost or misdirected.
                    Carnival will
                    send you a confirmation text when you have opt in or out to receive text messages.
If you have reason to believe that access to your Device is no longer secure (e.g., loss, theft or
                    unauthorized
                    disclosure or use of your Device used to access the Service), you must promptly change your contact
                    information
                    in Carnival’s online check-in system (for booking and account-related text messages) or by
                    contacting your
                    Personal Vacation Planner (for PVP and marketing text messages).
You are solely responsible for keeping the Service updated with your current phone number. Blocking
                    messages will
                    disable the ability to send or receive text messages. Carnival shall not be liable for information
                    sent to a
                    Device that is associated with your outdated mobile phone number. If you install any software or
                    enable any
                    service that stores information from the Service on any Device or computer, it is your
                    responsibility, prior to
                    transfer of such Device, to remove your information or otherwise disable access to such software or
                    service, in
                    order to prevent unauthorized access to your information or account.
iv. Third Party Charges and Mobile Alerts
A mobile phone or wireless device is required to use the Service. The messaging Service is not
                    available on all
                    rates plans. Your carrier may charge you for each text message sent and received. Higher rates may
                    apply to
                    messages received when travelling internationally. Contact your carrier for text messaging rates and
                    terms
                    applicable to your plan. You are solely responsible for any fees or charges incurred from
                    participating in the
                    Service. Under no circumstances will Carnival, its selected third party service provider, any of its
                    agents or
                    respective corporate affiliates be responsible or liable for any text messaging or wireless service
                    charges
                    incurred by you or a person that had access to your mobile phone or wireless device, or for any
                    overcharge or
                    billing error by or any billing dispute with your participating carrier.
v. How to Unsubscribe from the Service:
a.  Booking & Account-Related Text Messages
You may unsubscribe at any time by texting the keyword "STOP" to 278473. The STOP request
                            includes your agreement
                            that Carnival or its third party service provider may send to your Device a single
                            confirmation message within
                            24 hours of receipt of your STOP message. Unsubscribing from booking and account-related
                            text messages will
not
unsubscribe you from PVP and marketing text messages (if you have
                            previously subscribed to
                            receive those text messages).
b.  Personal Vacation Planner (PVP) and Marketing Text Messages
You may unsubscribe at any time by texting the keyword "STOP" to 38574. The stop request
                            includes your agreement
                            that Carnival or its third party service provider may send to your Device a single
                            confirmation message within
                            the 24 hours of receipt of your STOP message. Unsubscribing from PVP and marketing text
                            messages will
not
unsubscribe you from booking and account-related text messages (if you
                            have previously
                            subscribed to receive those text messages).
vi. Use of the Service
The Service is intended for your personal, noncommercial use only. You are solely responsible for
                    maintaining
                    confidentiality of your contact information and information received on your Device, and for failure
                    to do so.
                    You are solely responsible for all use of the Service by you and anyone you allow access to the
                    Service on your
                    Device.
Top
2. Third Party Service Providers
Carnival reserves the right to hire a third party for the purpose of providing its Service. You acknowledge that
        all third party Service providers are independent contractors, and that Carnival neither supervises nor controls
        their actions, nor makes any representation either express or implied as to their suitability. You agree that
        Carnival assumes no responsibility, does not guarantee performance and in no event shall be liable for any
        negligent or intentional acts or omissions, loss, damage, injury or delay to Guest and/or Guest’s property
        or effects in connection with the Service. Consent to receive messages from Carnival includes consent to receive
        messages transmitted for Carnival by a third party.
3. Intellectual Property
The Service contains material that is owned by Carnival and protected by state, national and international
        copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws. You may not modify, copy, reproduce, republish,
        upload, post, transmit or distribute in any way any material, including code and software, from the Service.
You agree not to disrupt, overwhelm, attack, modify or interfere with the Service or its associated software,
        hardware and/or servers in any way, and you agree not to impede or interfere with others' use of the Service.
        You further agree not to alter or tamper with any information or materials on or associated with the Service.
4. Indemnification
You agree to indemnify Carnival and its affiliates, employees, agents, representatives and third party Service
        Providers, and to defend and hold each of them harmless, from any and all claims and liabilities (including
        attorneys fees) which may arise from your conduct, from your unauthorized use of material obtained through the
        Service, or from your breach of this Agreement, or from any such acts through your use of the Service.
5.  Disclaimer Of Warranty And Limitation Of Liability
You acknowledge that you are using the service at your own risk. The Service is provided “as is,” and
        Carnival, its affiliates and its third party Service providers:
expressly disclaim any and all warranties, express and
            implied, including but not limited to any warranties of accuracy, reliability, title,
            merchantability, non-infringement, fitness for a particular purpose or any other warranty,
            condition, guarantee or representation, whether oral, in writing or in electronic form,
            including but not limited to the accuracy or completeness of any information contained therein
            or provided by the Service.
do not represent or warrant that access to the Service
            will be uninterrupted or that there will be no failures, errors or omissions or loss of
            transmitted information, or that no viruses will be transmitted on the Service.
undertake no responsibility for damages caused by the
            inclusion of erroneous, incomplete or outdated information in itineraries.
shall not be liable to your or any third parties for
            any direct, indirect, special, consequential or punitive damages allegedly sustained arising out
            of this agreement, including but not limited to: the providing of services hereunder, the
            delivery or non-delivery of information, your access to or inability to access the Service,
            including for viruses alleged to have been obtained from the Service, your use of or reliance on
            the Service or any of the information, regardless of the type of claim or the nature of the
            cause of action, even if advised of the possibility of such damages.
You hereby agree to release Carnival, its affiliates and third-party service providers and each of their
        respective directors, officers, employees, and agents from claims, demands and damages (actual and
        consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and
        undisclosed, arising out of or in any way connected with your use of the Service.
6. Termination Or Suspension Of Access To The Service
Carnival has the right to terminate and/or suspend your ability to access the Service or any portion thereof, for
        any or no reason, without notice.
7. General.
This Agreement is governed by the laws of the state of Florida without giving effect to any principles of
        conflicts of law. You agree that any action at law or in equity arising out of or relating to these terms shall
        be filed only in the state or federal courts located in Miami-Dade County and you hereby consent and submit to
        the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purposes of litigating any such action. If any provision of
        these terms shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed
        severable from these terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
        This is the entire agreement between us relating to the subject matter herein. Any delay or failure to enforce
        any term by Carnival shall not be deemed a waiver.  Any cause of action must be brought within ONE YEAR of
        the date the claim arises.
Top
COPYRIGHT & TRADEMARKS
Carnival Cruise Line © 2006 - 2025 Carnival Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
The Carnival brand is one of the most widely recognized in the cruise industry, and the trademarks developed by
        Carnival Cruise Line (“Carnival”) identify the Carnival products and differentiate Carnival’s services from
        those of its competitors.
CARNIVAL, CARNIVAL CRUISE LINE, THE WINGED SHIP FUNNEL DESIGNS, CHOOSE FUN, the Carnival Cruise Line ship names,
        Carnival shipboard and shoreside program and amenity names and all other trademarks, slogans, logos and imagery
        used on this website and in the advertising and promotional material published by Carnival are, whether or not
        registered, owned by Carnival.
Carnival considers its compilation of links to Internet resources, the description of those resources and the
        information contained within Carnival's websites, including but not limited to, the site design, text, graphics,
        photographs, interfaces, and selection and arrangement of same, to be copyright-protected materials. You are not
        authorized to copy, reproduce or modify any portion of Carnival’s websites without prior written
        authorization.
The name of Carnival and its trademarks, service marks, trade names, patents, copyright-protected materials and
        imagery may not be used without prior, specific, written permission from Carnival, except by those travel agents
        who advertise, market and book Carnival cruises in conformity with Carnival’s published Travel Agency Guidelines
        located at GoCCL.com. For all other purposes, whether commercial or personal, the transmission, use, copying or
        modification of the Images, in whole or in part, in any form or by any means, whether electronic, mechanical, by
        photocopy or recording, is strictly prohibited without the prior written consent or licensure of Carnival.
        Unauthorized use of the Imagery and the information contained herein may constitute a violation of applicable
        intellectual property, criminal, civil or privacy laws. In no event may a Carnival trademark be combined with or
        appear as a trademark or logo next to any other business name, word(s) or logo(s) without express written
        authorization from Carnival.
Carnival reserves the right to bring any civil action in Miami, Florida, arising from the improper or
        unauthorized use of this website or any part thereof, including without limitation for infringement of its
        trademarks and other intellectual property.
Carnival makes no warranty, express or implied, with respect to the use of the links provided; does not
        guarantee the accuracy, completeness, usefulness or adequacy of any resources, information, apparatus, product
        or process accessed via this website; and is not responsible for any errors or omissions in the resources or
        information accessed via this Home Page or for the results obtained from the use of such resources or
        information.
If you have reason to believe that any person, company or business has violated Carnival's trademark rights or
        infringed Carnival's copyright-protected materials, please notify the Legal Department at Carnival's Miami,
        Florida offices by e-mail at
cclegaldepartment@carnival.com
.
DMCA & COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT
Carnival will investigate notices of copyright infringement and take appropriate actions under the Digital
        Millennium Copyright Act, Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(2) ("DMCA").
Pursuant to the DMCA, written notification of claimed copyright infringement must be submitted to the following
        designated agent for this website:
Attn: Legal Department at
cclegaldepartment@carnival.com
.
You should include the following information: (1) a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to
        act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; (2) identification of the
        copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed; (3) identification of the material that is claimed to be
        infringing and information reasonably sufficient to permit location of the material; (4) information reasonably
        sufficient to permit us to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an email
        address; (5) a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of
        is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and (6) a statement that the information in the
        notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of
        an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Upon receipt of notices complying with the DMCA, Carnival will act to remove or disable access to any material
        found to be infringing or found to be the subject of infringing activity and will act to remove or disable
        access to any reference or link to material or activity that is found to be infringing. Please note that
        Carnival may request additional information before removing any infringing material. If a dispute develops as to
        the correct owner of the rights in question, Carnival reserves the right to remove the content along with that
        of the alleged infringer pending resolution of the matter.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.carnival.com/about-carnival/legal-notice/privacy-notice:
Skip to Main Content
Home
Legal Notice
Privacy Notice
Legal Notice
Pause animation button
Legal
Notice
Privacy &
Cookies
Ad Choice
Policy
Cruise Ticket
Contract
Passenger
Bill of Rights
Terms &
Conditions
Mobile Application
Terms & Conditions
SMS Terms
& Conditions
Copyright &
Trademarks
LEGAL NOTICE
There is nothing more important to us than the safety of our guests. Comprehensive, fleet-wide security practices
        have been in place for many years, which include the reporting of alleged crimes to the FBI. However, as a
        result of the Cruise Vessel Security and Safety Act of 2010, statistics for cruise ship crime allegations will
        now be posted on the internet for public viewing. Public reporting requirements, mandated by this law, are
        unique to the cruise industry and similar requirements do not exist for other travel suppliers such as airlines,
        hotels and theme parks.
The statistics, cited within the U.S. Coast Guard's web site, represent crime allegations in different categories
        occurring on cruise ships sailing from North America, which must be reported in accordance to the Cruise Vessel
        Security and Safety Act of 2010.
It is worth noting that these alleged incidents are no longer under investigation by the FBI and may have been
        reported without sufficient evidence. Additionally, it is most important to put these statistics within proper
        context so that everyone can understand that the incidence of crime on board is very small given the large
        number of guests we carry.
A Carnival cruise remains one of the safest vacation options available.
Incident Reporting Statistics Site
CARNIVAL PRIVACY SUMMARY
Last Updated: 05/12/2023
Carnival Cruise Line (“
Carnival Cruise Line
,” “
we
,”
        “
our
,” or “
us
”) is a division of Carnival Corporation
        & plc. We recognize that your privacy is important. Your choice to share information with us is an important
        part
        of how we provide a world-class travel experience. We've developed this Privacy Summary to give you a quick
        understanding of how and why we collect, use, and share your information both online and in the real world.
If you want more information, you can read the full version of the
Carnival
            Privacy Notice
.
HOW WE COLLECT AND USE YOUR INFORMATION
We collect many categories of personal information. The categories we collect may include: Contact and profile
        information; comments and suggestions, chat and opinions; Payment and transaction information; Location
        information; Information provided by social networks; Information provided by third parties; Information about
        fraudulent or criminal activity related to your account.
This information is collected from you in many ways, which are described in the full
Privacy
            Notice
. A few examples include:
WHEN YOU PROVIDE PERSONAL INFORMATION TO US.
We collect personal information about
            you when you register for an account, make a purchase, sign up for marketing communications, participate in
            an offer, or send it to us.
WHILE YOU ARE ON YOUR VACATION.
We collect personal information about you when you
            choose to use our or our third-party partners' services, including amenities, excursions, casinos, and
            otherwise through photo and video footage of our ships.
WHEN YOU USE OUR ONLINE SERVICES.
We collect some personal information about you
            automatically as you use our Service and during your vacation.
FROM THIRD-PARTY SOURCES.
We may also collect personal information from our
            third-party partners who help us to provide the Service or from other third- party partners to supplement or
            enhance our information.
We use personal information to facilitate your vacation and our other Services, to fulfill your requests,
        process transactions and contact you; to send you personalized advertising and promotional content and
        materials; to analyze and improve our Services and our business; and for other reasons described more fully in
        our Privacy Notice below.
If you are travelling on an Ocean Medallion Class
®
vessel, we collect information about your use of OCEAN® services, including our applications, websites, and the on-board interactive features during your trip. Please see
MedallionClass™
sections of our Privacy Notice for more
        information.
To learn more about the information we collect and how we use it, see our full
Privacy
            Notice
.
HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
We share information in a variety of circumstances to provide our services, respond to your requests, improve
        your experience, and otherwise conduct our business. For example, we may share information:
With our affiliates and companies in the Carnival Corporation & plc family of companies, who may use your information in the same way as we can under our Privacy Notice.
With third party partners and service providers to facilitate our Services, fulfill your orders or requests, when you choose to share your activities on Carnival Cruise Line with your friends and contacts, or when you engage in promotional activities we provide with third party partners.
With select third parties, so that they can provide you with information and marketing messages about
            products and services you may enjoy.
In connection with a corporate transaction, such as a merger, sale, reorganization, financing, or in
            the event of a bankruptcy or related or similar proceeding.
Where we believe such disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the personal safety or health of our
            guests, family members or others or support the health and wellbeing of our crew and the broader public.
As required by law or subpoena where necessary to comply with law and law enforcement, to enforce our
Terms
, to protect the
            security or integrity of our Services, and to exercise or protect the rights, property, health and safety of
            us and
            other third-parties. To learn more about these and other ways in which we may share your personal
            information, please see our full
Privacy Notice
.
CHOICES ABOUT YOUR
        INFORMATION
We want you to understand your choices regarding how we may process your personal information. Depending on how
        you use the Service, these choices may include the following:
ABOUT OUR ADS.
We participate in interest-based advertising and use third party
            advertising companies to serve you targeted advertisements based on your browsing history. To learn more
            about our advertising practices and your choices relating to advertising, please see the
Ad Choice Policy
for more
            information.
PROFILE ACCESS & SHARING SETTINGS.
You may access and update your profile
            information, such as your user name, address, or billing information, and may change some of your data
            sharing preferences on your account page.
DEVICE SETTINGS.
If you would like to update your device access permissions, such as
            permissions to access your geolocation, camera or address book, you can do so in the "Settings" app on your
            mobile device.
PROMOTIONAL MESSAGES.
You can stop receiving promotional email communications from
            us by following the "unsubscribe" instructions provided in such communications. We make every effort to
            promptly process all unsubscribe requests. You may still receive Service-related communications, including
            account verification, transactional communications, changes/updates to features of the Services, and
            technical and security notices.
Please be sure to check the full
Privacy Notice
for more information about your choices.
REGION-SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES
We may choose or be required by law to provide different or additional disclosures relating to the processing of
        personal information about residents of certain countries, regions or states. Please refer below for disclosures
        that may be applicable to you:
– If you are a resident of the State of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, or Virginia in the United States, please visit the
U.S. State Privacy Rights
section for more information.
– If you are a resident of the State of Nevada in the United States, please visit the
Nevada Privacy
                Rights
section for more information.
– If you are located in the European Economic Area, Switzerland and the UK (“EEA”), please visit the
European Privacy Rights
section for more information.
– If you are located in Brazil, please visit the
Brazil Privacy Rights
section for more information.
– If you are located in the People’s Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan), please visit
            the
China
                Privacy Rights
section for more information.
QUESTIONS?
For more questions about our Privacy Notice, please feel free to email us at
dpo@carnival.com
Back to top
CARNIVAL PRIVACY NOTICE
Carnival Cruise Line (“Carnival Cruise Line”,”
“we,”
“our,”
or
“us”
) is a division of Carnival Corporation & plc.  Carnival Cruise Line includes 1972 Productions Inc., 6348 Equipment L.L.C, A.C.N. 098 290 834 Pty. Ltd., A.J. Juneau Dock LLC, Adventure Island Ltd., AIDA Kundencenter GmbH, AIDAradio GmbH, Alaska Hotel Properties LLC, Air-Sea Holiday GmbH, Barcelona Cruise Terminal SLU, Bay Island Cruise Port S.A., Belize Cruise Terminal Limited, Carnival (UK) Limited, Carnival Bahamas FC Limited, Carnival Bahamas Holdings Limited, Carnival Corporation & plc Asia Pte. Ltd., Carnival Corporation Hong Kong Limited, Carnival Corporation Korea Ltd., Carnival Corporation Ports Group Japan KK, Carnival Finance LLC, Carnival Grand Bahama Investment Limited, Carnival Investments Limited, Carnival Japan Inc., Carnival License Holdings Limited, Carnival Maritime GmbH, Carnival North America LLC, Carnival Port Holdings Limited, Carnival Ports Inc., Carnival Support Services India Private Limited, Carnival Technical Services (UK) Limited, Carnival Technical Services Finland Limited, Carnival Technical Services GmbH, Carnival Vanuatu Limited, CC U.S. Ventures Inc., CCL Gifts LLC, Costa Crociere PTE Ltd, Costa Crociere S.p.A., Costa Crociere S.A., Costa Cruise Lines Inc., Costa Cruise Lines UK Limited, Costa Cruises Customer Service S.L.U., Costa Cruises Shipping Services (Shanghai) Company Limited, Costa Cruises Travel Agency (Shanghai) Co. Ltd., Costa Cruises Turkey Turizm Gelisim A.S., Costa Cruzeiros Agencia Maritima e Turismo Ltda., Costa International B.V., Costa Kreuzfahrten GmbH, Cozumel Cruise Terminal S.A. de C.V., Cruise Ships Catering & Services International N.V., Cruise Terminal Services S.A de C.V., Cruiseport Curacao C.V., CSMART Real Estate B.V., CSMART Real Estate C.V., CSSC Carnival (Shanghai) Cruise Shipping Limited, CSSC Carnival Italy Cruise Investment S.r.L., D.R. Cruise Port Ltd., F.P.M. SAS, F.P.P. SAS, Fleet Maritime Services (Bermuda) Limited, Fleet Maritime Services Holdings (Bermuda) Limited, Fleet Maritime Services International Limited, Gibs Inc, Global Experience Innovators Inc, Global Fine Arts Inc, Global Shipping Service (Shanghai) Co. Ltd., Grand Cruise Shipping Unipessoal LdA, Grand Turk Cruise Center Ltd, GXI LLC, HAL Antillen N.V., HAL Beheer B.V., HAL Maritime Ltd., HAL Nederland N.V., HAL Properties Limited, HAL Services B.V., Holding Division Iberocruceros SLU, Holland America Line Inc., Holland America Line N.V., Holland America Line Paymaster of Washington LLC, Holland America Line U.S.A. Inc., HSE Hamberg School of Entertainment GmbH, Ibero Cruzeiros Ltda., Ibercruceros SLU, Information Assistance Corporation, International Cruise Services S.A. de C.V., International Leisure Travel Inc., International Maritime Recruitment Agency S.A. de C.V., Milestone N.V., Navitrans S.R.L., Ocean Bahamas Innovation Ltd., Ocean Medallion Fulfilment Ltd., Odds on Gaming Corporation, Operadora Catalina S.r.L., P&O Princess American Holdings, P&O Princess Cruises International Limited, P&O Princess Cruises Pension Trustee Limited, P&O Properties (California) Inc., P&O Travel Limited, Piccapietra Finance S.r.L., Prestige Cruises Management S.A.M., Prestige Cruises N.V., Princess Bermuda Holdings LTD., Princess Cays Ltd., Princess Cruise Corporation Inc., Princess Cruise Lines Ltd., Princess Cruises and Tours Inc., Princess U.S. Holdings Inc., RCT Maintenance & Related Services S.A., RCT Pilots & Related Services S.A., RCT Security & Related Services S.A., Roatan Cruise Terminal S.A. de C.V., Royal Hyway Tours Inc., Santa Cruz Terminal S.L., Seabourn Cruise Line Limited, SeaVacations Limited, SeaVacations UK Limited, Shanghai Coast Cruise Consulting Co. Lda., Ship Care (Bahamas) Limited, Sitmar Cruises Inc., Spanish Cruise Services N.V., Sunshine Shipping Corporation Ltd., T&T International Inc., Tour Alaska LLC, Transnational Services Corporation, Trident Insurance Company Ltd., Welcome Travel Group S.p.A., West Sicily Gate S.r.L., Westmark Hotels of Canada Ltd., Westmark Hotels Inc, Westours Motor Coaches LLC, World Leading Cruise Management (Shanghai) Co. Ltd.  We recognize that your privacy is important.  Your choice to share information with us is an important part of how we provide a world-class travel experience. We’ve developed this Privacy Notice to explain how your personal information is collected, used, stored, processed, transferred and disclosed by Carnival Cruise Line, both online and in the real world.
Our Services.
This Privacy Notice applies to our websites and applications, including Carnival.com and the HubApp and any other website, mobile application, or other online service that links to this Notice  (collectively, our “
Sites
”) and describes how
        we collect, use and process your personal information in connection with our Sites, marketing and promotional
        activities and your interactions with us before, during and after one of our vacation experiences (collectively
        with our Sites, our “
Services
”).
Please note that this privacy notice does not apply to our processing of information about employees, crew,
        contractors or our vendor contacts.
By providing us with your personal information or otherwise using our Services, you acknowledge that you have
        read, understood and agree to the terms of this Privacy Notice and our
Terms of
            Service
.
Click on the links below to jump to each section:
HOW WE COLLECT AND USE YOUR INFORMATION
HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
CHOICES ABOUT YOUR INFORMATION
COVID-19 NOTICE
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
REGION-SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
TSA SECURE FLIGHT NOTICE
LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY NOTICE
QUESTION? COMMENTS? CONTACT US
Back to top
HOW WE COLLECT AND USE YOUR INFORMATION
We collect personal information in various ways, for example, when you visit our online sites and services, book
        travel, create an account, enjoy our vacation experiences while on a voyage, communicate with us or otherwise
        engage with our Services. All of the information collected through our Services may be combined to provide a
        seamless, personalized experience, regardless of how you interact with us.
The categories of personal information we collect can include:
Personal identifiers
such as your name, email address, mailing address, phone
            number,
            date of birth or similar identifiers.
Customer records
such as your identification documents, payment information
            (credit or
            debit card or other financial information).
Commercial information
such as your travel history, account data, participation in a loyalty or rewards program, information about the products or services purchased or considered.
Health or medical information
such as health monitoring information, accessibility
            information, care in one of our shipboard clinics, medications, allergies or other medical accommodation
            needs.
Sensory information
such as photos and videos of you and audio recordings of phone
            calls between you and us, where permitted by law.
Biometric information
, including facial identifiers that can recognize you from
            photos and video.
Preferences
you provide to us or generated through your use of the Services,
            including
            inferences we may make based on our experience with you.
Internet, network and device information
from the browser or device you use to
            access
            our Services, which could include your IP address, device ID, cookie identifiers, browser type, internet
            service
            provider, referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp and or clickstream data.
Geolocation data
including precise geolocation data from your browser or device or
            inferred based on your IP address.
Professional information
if you submit a job application or in connection with
            your
            role as a travel partner or agent.
Background check information
that we may receive from third-party sources, such as criminal and sex offender registry information.
Keep reading to learn more about how we collect personal information you provide to us directly, information we
        collect through your use of the Services or your travel experience, and information we receive through third
        parties, and the purposes for which we use your information.
A. When You Provide Personal Information to Us.
REGISTRATION & PROFILE.
If you register for an account
            through our Services or complete your traveler profile, we collect your personal identifiers, customer
            records,
            commercial information and, if you provide it, information about health or medical conditions. We use this
            information to create and administer your account, provide you with the relevant Services and information,
            communicate with you regarding your account and your use of the Services, provide rewards and loyalty
            program
            perks, for customer support purposes, and to send you marketing communications by email, push notification,
            or
            by text message, in accordance with your preferences.
TRAVEL BOOKINGS & ORDERS.
If you book travel with us or
            order additional products or Services, we collect a variety of information, including your personal
            identifiers,
            customer records, commercial information and, if you provide it, information about health or medical
            conditions,
            as well as any other information you choose to provide to us. We use this information to process your
            transaction, complete and ship your purchase, book and confirm your travel itinerary, communicate with you
            and
            those traveling with you about your itinerary and to administer the Services.
INQUIRIES & COMMUNICATIONS.
If you communicate with us or
            other guests through any paper or electronic form to request an itinerary, deck plan, brochure, ebrochure or
            video, or to otherwise inquire or communicate with us or other guests, we collect your personal identifiers,
            commercial information, and any other personal information you choose to provide in the content of your
            message.
            We use this information to investigate and respond to your inquiries, to facilitate communication with us
            and
            the other guests, to provide you with requested information, to enhance the services we offer to our guests,
            and
            to manage and grow our business. If you represent a company or agency interested in partnering with us, we
            will
            also collect your professional and employment information in order to respond to your inquiries, communicate
            with you, to manage and grow our organization and to facilitate a business relationship.
SURVEYS & SWEEPSTAKES.
If you choose to take advantage of a
            promotion, respond to a survey, or enter a contest or sweepstakes, we collect your personal identifiers,
            customer records and any other personal information you are requested to provide at the time, or choose to
            provide to us. We use this information to administer and facilitate the Services, to respond to your
            submission,
            to communicate with you, to conduct market research, inform our marketing and advertising activities and
            improve
            and grow our business.
DEVICE CONTENT (CONTACTS AND PHOTOS).
With your permission, we will collect content from
            the device you use to access our online Services, such as photos from your device camera roll and camera and
            the contacts from your address book. We use this information to share photos and video you take during your
            vacation or to communicate with your contacts. For
            more
            information on how to withdraw your permission, please see the
Choices About Your
                Information
section below.
You may provide personal information for yourself and those traveling with you. By providing us with the travel
        or contact information of any third party, you confirm that you have the authority to do so on their behalf and
        have provided them with the information set out in this Privacy Notice. The personal information of each person
        whose personal information is linked to the same travel itinerary may be accessible by all others included in
        that same itinerary.
B. While You Are On Your Vacation.
When you take part in the Services aboard one of our ships or at one of our properties, we collect information
        about your visit, including information about your interactions with our staff, programming and with the
        technology-enhanced features of our ships and hotels.
There are a few different types of vacation experiences where we may collect and use your information:
AMENITIES, EXCURSIONS & ADD-ON SERVICES.
If you choose to
            take advantage of our amenities or enhance your vacation with on-board purchases of goods or Services, we
            collect your personal identifiers, customer records, and commercial information. Depending on the Service,
            we
            may also need to collect information about your health or medical conditions. We use this information to
            process
            your transaction, book and administer your Services, to communicate with you and those travelling with you
            about
            your Services, and to inform our advertising and marketing activities. Where the Services are provided by
            third-party companies, we will use your information to coordinate and facilitate their provision of the
            Service.
INCIDENTS AND HEALTH SCREENINGS.
If, while traveling with us, you suffer a personal injury,
            fall ill, submit a claim about a personal injury, or are otherwise involved in an incident, we collect your
            personal identifiers, health or medical information and details about the incident. We may also screen you
            for symptoms of potential contagions, such as COVID-19, that may present a risk to the other guests and crew
            members aboard our ships, including through temperature checks, self-assessment questionnaires and tissue
            sampling. We use this information to attend to your medical and safety needs and those of our guests and
            crew, maintain records of incidents, facilitate investigations and remedies, to protect our rights and the
            rights of our guests, for security and public health purposes, to prevent fraud, and to improve our
            Services.
PHOTO & VIDEO FOOTAGE.
We collect a security photo at or before you board our ships. We
            operate closed circuit television (CCTV) cameras on board our ships, including at all access points and
            throughout the public areas. These CCTV cameras record continually and
images
                    of you
may appear in these recordings ("
CCTV images
").
            Photographers and camera crews
            take photographs and make films for guests to purchase at the end of their vacation or for our own
            promotional use. They are happy to take reasonable steps to avoid filming or photographing you where you
            indicate to the person with the camera that this is your preference , but we are unable to guarantee that
            your images will not be included on an incidental basis. We use this information for our own promotional
            purposes, to maintain records of incidents, facilitate investigations and remedies, to protect our rights
            and the rights of our guests, for security purposes, to enable public health measures, to prevent fraud, and
            to improve our Services. We may apply facial recognition technology to your security photo to facilitate
            camera-enabled rapid embarkation, debarkation, at entry and exit of the vessel at ports of call. We may also
            use facial recognition to link the pictures and videos taken by onboard photographers or videographers to
            you for ease of ordering and to reduce paper waste. After sailing, you will still be able to access your
            linked photos and videos via our connection with a third-party photo library service. We delete facial
            biometric identifiers promptly following completion of the voyage though we may retain any photos that have
            been identified and linked to a guest account for up to two (2) years to enable guest access and purchase of
            photos and photo memorabilia after the end of the voyage.
CASINO.
If you choose to play or use the services in one of our Casinos or gaming arcades
            and/or participate in one or more bingo sessions or online gaming experiences, we may collect your personal
            identifiers, customer records and commercial information. We also collect information about your gaming
            activity, such as the games you play, duration of play, results of play, total amount wagered, and amount of
            winnings. We may use this information to validate your identity and age, to determine your eligibility for
            promotions and offers during your vacation and for future travel, to inform our marketing and advertising
            activities, and to communicate directly with you. In addition, we may use this information to generate
            win/loss statement, to conduct credit checks, process lines of credit, or otherwise as needed to comply with
            our legal obligations and to prevent or investigate fraud.
Note:
guest casino sites may only be
            available in
            international waters or locations where permitted by applicable jurisdictional laws.
MEDALLIONCLASS™.
Where available on
            MedallionClass™ ships and at certain resorts or
            destinations, we
            collect information from and linked to your use of your Medallion® wearable (the
            “
Medallion®
”), as well as
            information collected through OCEAN® websites and applications, including MedallionClass™, PlayOcean®, and
            Ocean® Casino ( together with MedallionClass™ ships and destinations, the “
MedallionClass™
                Services
”), your
            use of the Medallion® during your vacation, and from your booking and interactions with our Services
            on-board and in select resorts. The wearable Medallion® allows us to collect your
position and
                movement
                information
through sensors and readers located throughout our MedallionClass™ ships and in
            certain resorts
            and properties which emit a signal that detects the presence of the Medallion®. This allows us to gather
            information about your position and location within the ship and your movements on-board. The Medallion®
            technology is not a global positioning system and cannot detect the precise geolocation (lat/long) of an
            individual. The Medallion® is linked to your other personal information associated with your registration
            and traveler profile. We use this information to enable certain personalized features and Services online
            and during your vacation. For example, we use this information to locate you during your vacation and enable
            you to locate other members of your family, to contact you and deliver requested Services to your location
            (e.g., food delivery), to send you content or messaging relevant to your location and to customize your
            interactions with our Services. We may also use this information to monitor and protect the health and
            safety of our guests, including to conduct contact tracing, or investigate wrongful acts or allegations as
            appropriate. We may also use this information, individually and in aggregate, to develop and improve our
            Services and to understand the movement patterns and behaviors of guests on our ship. When you make a
            purchase through the MedallionClass™ Services using your Medallion®, we will process the commercial
            information you have on file in order to complete your transaction, detect and prevent fraud, and to inform
            our advertising and marketing.
C. When You Use Our Online Services.
When you visit our Sites or use our Services, read our emails, or otherwise engage with us through a computer or mobile device, we and our third party partners automatically collect information you provide to us and information about how you access and use the Service and information about the device you use to access the Service.
We typically collect this information through a variety of tracking technologies, including cookies, Flash objects, web beacons, embedded scripts, APIs and mobile software development kits (SDKs), location-identifying technologies, and similar technology (collectively, “
tracking technologies
”), and we may use third party services and technologies to collect this information. Information we collect automatically about you may be combined with other personal information we collect directly or receive from other sources.
Specifically, we and our third party partners may use tracking technologies to automatically collect commercial information, preferences, and internet, network and device information, including:
Information about how you access the Service,
such as the site from which you came and the site to which you are going when you leave our Sites, how frequently you access the Service, when and whether you open emails or click the links contained in emails, your location when you access or interact with our Service, whether you access the Service from multiple devices and other actions you take on the Service.
Information about how you use the Service,
such as the pages you visit, the links you click, the ads you view and click on, videos you watch, purchase information and your checkout process, and other similar actions. We may also use third-party tools to collect information you provide to us or information about how you use the Service and may record your mouse movements, scrolling, clicks and keystroke activity on our Sites and other browsing behavior. These tools may also record information you enter when you interact withour Service or engage in chat features through our service.
Information about the computer, tablet, smartphone or other device you use,
such as your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, platform type, device type/model/manufacturer, operating system, date and time stamp, a unique ID that allows us to uniquely identify your browser, mobile device or your account (including, e.g., a persistent device identifier or an Ad ID), and other such information.
Analytics information.
We may collect analytics data, or use third party analytics tools, to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service and to understand more about the demographics and behaviors of our users.
All of the information collected automatically through these tools allows us to improve your customer experience. For example, we may use this information to enhance and personalize your user experience, to monitor and improve our Sites and Services, and improve the effectiveness of our Service, offers, advertising, communications and customer service.  We may also use this information to: (a) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Sites; (b) provide custom, personalized content, and information; (c) identify and contact you across multiple devices; (d) provide and monitor the effectiveness of our Service; (e) perform analytics and detect usage patterns on our Service; (f) diagnose or fix technology problems; (g) detect or prevent fraud or other harmful activities, and (h) otherwise to plan for and enhance our Service.
If you would prefer not to accept cookies, most browsers will allow you to: (i) change your browser settings to notify you when you receive a cookie, which lets you choose whether or not to accept it; (ii) disable existing cookies; or (iii) set your browser to automatically reject cookies. Please note, however, that disabling our cookies may mean that you will not be able to take full advantage of our Services.
Deleting cookies or controlling cookies through browser settings does not delete non-cookie tracking technologies such as Flash objects and HTMP5 Local Storage Objects (LSOs). To manage Flash cookie settings and preferences, you must use the settings manager on Adobe’s website or by
clicking here.
If you choose to delete Flash objects from our Service, then you may not be able to access and use all or part of the Service or benefit from the information and services offered.
We and our third party partners may collect information through tracking technologies for personalized advertising purposes. See
“About Our Ads”
to learn more.
D. Information From Third-Party Sources.
We may receive personal information about you from other users or our business partners and service providers
        and combine this information with other information we have.
AFFILIATES.
We may receive information about you collected
            by other Carnival Corporation companies, businesses, brands and affiliated entities in our family of
            companies,
            so that information you provide to one brand may be used by us to better provide you Services and
            communicate
            with you.
SINGLE SIGN-ON.
We use single sign-on to allow a user to
            enter login information from a third-party platform to access the Services. If you create or log into your
            account through a third-party social media site, such as Facebook or Google, these services will
            authenticate
            your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us, which could include
            your
            personal identifiers. We may use this information to authenticate your account, to provide you Services, to
            communicate with you, and for advertising and marketing purposes. The data we receive is dependent on the
            third-party’s policies and your privacy settings on that third-party site. To learn more about the use of
            data
            collection technologies by social media sites, please visit each site’s privacy policy.
SERVICE PROVIDERS & PARTNERS.
From time to time, we may receive personal information about you from our service providers and other partners, including from our marketing partners or from third-parties conducting identity or address verification, payment processing, credit checks,  processing lines of credit, or from our excursion partners or other partners providing activities or co-branded services. We use this information to validate your identity, age and address, to comply with our legal obligations, to monitor activity to identify and provide you with promotions and offers onboard and for future travel, and to prevent fraud, protect our rights and the rights of others, to inform our marketing and advertising activities, calculate loyalty points and administer our loyalty program, and to help provide our Services.
OTHER TRAVELERS.
We may obtain information about you from other travelers who are
            traveling
            with you or who have traveled with you, as well as your emergency contacts. We use this information to book
            your travel itinerary, communicate with you and those traveling with you about the Services, to support
            public health initiatives, to administer the Services, and for the purpose for which it was provided to us.
TRAVEL AGENTS.
If you purchase travel through a travel
            agent, the agent may send us your personal identifiers, commercial information and information about health
            or
            medical conditions. We will use this information to complete the transaction, book your travel itinerary,
            communicate with you and those traveling with you about the Services, analyze trends, improve our business,
            and
            facilitate your vacation experience. They may retain a copy of this data and are required to have
            appropriate
            admin, technical and other safeguards. The travel agent is solely responsible for the processing of personal
            data they retain. Please review privacy notice of each applicable travel agent for more information about
            their processing practices.
PUBLICLY AVAILABLE INFORMATION.
We may also collect
            information about you that is publicly available. For example, we may collect information you publicly post
            or
            tag us in on social media sites, such as Facebook or Google, elsewhere online, and information contained in
            public records databases. We will use this information to conduct market research, verify your identity,
            prevent
            fraud, and improve our Services.
In addition to the uses described above, we may collect and use personal information for the following purposes:
To create, maintain, improve, and operate the Services.
To personalize your user experience.
To communicate with you to provide technical or administrative support.
To conduct, manage, and grow our organization.
To analyze, research, investigate and improve the use of our Services and
            interactions with our guests.
To prevent, investigate, and defend against fraud, unlawful or criminal
            activity, unauthorized access to or use of personal information and our data system services, and to comply
            with
            legal requirements, obligations and other governmental demands.
To investigate and resolve disputes and security issues and to enforce our
Terms of
                Service
and any other contracts you have entered into with us.
For any other lawful, legitimate business purpose.
Back to top
HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
We may share your personal information in the instances described below. For further information on your choices
        regarding your information, see the “
Choices About Your
            Information
” section below.
We may share your personal information in the following ways:
AFFILIATES.
We may share personal information with our other Carnival Corporation
            companies, businesses, brands and affiliated entities in our family of companies, who may use your personal
            information in the manner described in this Privacy Notice. Please visit
our website
to learn more about the
            different brands in the Carnival Corporation family of companies, including how to contact each with privacy
            related inquiries.
SERVICE PROVIDERS.
We share information with third party vendors and service providers that
            perform services for or on our behalf, which may include identifying and serving targeted advertisements,
            providing mailing or email services, tax and accounting services, product fulfillment, payments processing,
            photo sharing, data processing and enhancement services, medical and health purposes, fraud prevention, web
            hosting, analytic services, or other online functionality, subject to appropriate contractual terms
            protecting the confidentiality and use of such data.
PROMOTIONAL PARTNERS.
We may share limited personal
            information with third parties with whom we partner to provide promotions, excursions, activities, contests,
            and
            sweepstakes, or other promotional activities. The partner will usually be identified by name in our
            promotion,
            contest, or sweepstakes communication.
WITH TRAVEL AND EXCURSION PARTNERS.
Some onboard products
            and services, excursions and other activities are provided by other companies or you may book a travel
            through
            multiple operators, such as a travel agent or airline. We may share personal identifers and similar
            information
            before, during and after your cruise to facilitate your travel activities, provide your requested services,
            and
            provide a seamless service to our guests.
AT YOUR REQUEST.
With your consent or at your direction, we may share your information
            with. your friends and family through the Services or on various social media networks, or with third
            parties to whom you direct us to share information, such as excursion partners, medical providers or your
            travel agent. If you post a product review on our website or a comment on our social media sites, the
            information you provide may be displayed on publicly online for others to view.
SELECT MARKETING AND STRATEGIC BUSINESS PARTNERS:
We may share limited data with our marketing and strategic business partners, who may use this information for their own business and commercial purposes in accordance with their own privacy policies. For example, these partners may send you emails to provide you with information and marketing messages about products or services that may interest you. You may be given the option to opt-in or opt-out of such sharing, consistent with the laws of the applicable jurisdiction.
CORPORATE TRANSACTIONS:
Personal information may be
            disclosed to third parties in connection with a corporate transaction, such as a merger, sale of any or all
            of
            our assets or shares, reorganization, financing, change of control or acquisition of all or a portion of our
            business by an affiliate or third party, or in the event of a bankruptcy or related or similar proceedings;
            and
FOR HEALTH AND SAFETY REASONS:
Your health and safety is important to us. We may share
            personal information with third parties or individuals if we reasonably believe in good faith that such
            action is necessary to protect the personal safety or health of our guests, crew, family members or other
            individuals. For example, we may disclose your personal identifiers and medical information if you require
            medical assistance or if we believe that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to inform health care and
            we may disclose similar information to your family members and emergency contacts, insurance providers,
            medical providers and family assistance companies in the event of health or safety incident. We may also
            disclose personal identifiers and health or medical information to our personnel and contractors, port
            agents and authorities, government officials, health agencies or any other individual or institution as
            reasonably needed to support public health initiatives, comply with our legal or regulatory obligations,
            attend to your medical and safety needs, facilitate investigations and remedies, track and mitigate risks of
            communicable illness including COVID-19, and to protect the rights, health and safety of our guests, crew,
            and others.
LAW ENFORCEMENT, GOVERNMENT AUTHORITIES, REGULATORS AND FOR SAFETY OR
                LEGAL REASONS:
We may share personal information with third-parties as required by law or
            subpoena
            or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to (a) comply with the our legal obligations under
            the
            laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate; (b) to comply with the lawful or reasonable requests of law
            enforcement, government authorities, courts or to respond to legal process; (c) to enforce our Terms of Use
            or
            to protect the security or integrity of our Service; and/or (d) to exercise or protect the rights, property,
            or
            personal safety or health of us, our guests, online visitors, or any other third-party. For example, and we
            may
            be required to disclose your personal identifiers, customer records and other information to customs
            agencies or
            port authorities in the locations where we stop in port.
We may also share information with others in an aggregated or otherwise anonymized form that does not reasonably
        identify you.
All the above categories exclude text messaging originator opt-in data and consent, which will not be shared with any third parties, except as follows: (1) sharing with vendors, consultants, and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work on our behalf, and who will not use such information for their own purposes; (2) if we believe disclosure is required by any applicable law, rule, or regulation, or is necessary to comply with law enforcement or other legal process; (3) if you consent to our sharing of such information; or (4) sharing that is otherwise allowed by law and is in accordance with carrier terms and conditions.
Back to top
CHOICES
        ABOUT YOUR INFORMATION
PROFILE ACCESS & SHARING SETTINGS.
You may access and update your profile information,
            such
            as
            your user name, address, or billing information, and may change some of your data sharing preferences on
            your
            account page.
GEOLOCATION & DEVICE CONTENT.
You may control location tracking by adjusting your
            location
            services options on the “Settings” app on your mobile device. We may continue to approximate your location
            based
            on your IP address when you access the Services through a computer or device. If you would like to update
            your
            device content access permissions, such as permissions to access your camera or address book, you can do so
            in
            the "Settings" app on your mobile device.
MEDALLIONCLASS™.
To avoid the collection of your position and movement data collected, do
            not use the
            Medallion®. You may contact the staff on board the ship to request a card to access your guest room and pay
            for on board transactions in lieu of the Medallion®. The sensors will still be able to detect your on board
            position when you use the card to access your room, make a payment, or take a photo, but the card cannot be
            read by the long-range sensors to track movement data around the ship. Some features of the MedallionClass™
            Services will not be available to you if you do not use the Medallion®.
PROMOTIONAL MESSAGES.
You can stop receiving promotional email communications from us by
            following the “unsubscribe” instructions provided in such communications. We make every effort to promptly
            process all unsubscribe requests. You may still receive Service-related communications, including account
            verification, transactional communications, changes/updates to features of the Services, and technical and
            security notices.
ACCESSING, CORRECTING OR DELETING YOUR INFORMATION.
In accordance with the applicable
            jurisdictional laws,
            you may have the right to request to access, correct, or delete your personal information, or remove your
            name or comments from our website or publicly displayed content. We may not be able to modify or delete your
            information in all circumstances.
To access, modify or delete your personal information, please submit a request by:
Emailing
dpo@carnival.com
with sufficient information to
                        identify you and your request,
Filling out our
Request Form
, or
Calling
1-855-845-2599
We will need to verify your identity before processing your request,
                        which may require us to
                        request additional personal information from you or require you to log into your account.
In certain circumstances, we may decline a request to exercise the
                        requests described above,
                        particularly where we are unable to verify your identity. If we are unable to comply with all or
                        a portion of your request, we will explain the reasons for declining to comply with the request.
REQUESTS FOR MINOR CHILDREN.
If you wish to submit a request to access, modify or
                    delete information on behalf of your minor child in accordance with applicable jurisdictional laws,
                    you must provide sufficient information to allow us to reasonably verify your child is the person
                    about whom we collected personal information and you are authorized to submit the request on your
                    child’s behalf (i.e., that you are the child’s legal guardian or authorized representative).
ABOUT OUR ADS.
We participate in interest-based advertising and use
            third party advertising companies to serve you targeted advertisements based on your browsing history. To
            learn
            more about our advertising practices and your choices relating to advertising, please see the
About Our Ads
section for more information.
Back to top
COVID-19 NOTICE
In response to the global coronavirus pandemic and to protect against the risks of other communicable illness,
        all guests may be required to undergo health screenings and we will collect additional information recommended
        by public health authorities or other government agencies or to otherwise demonstrate our guests’ ongoing health
        and fitness to travel, including:
CONTACT INFORMATION.
Information such as name, nationality, country of residence,
            originating address, destination address, telephone, and email;
SYMPTOMS AND HEALTH INFORMATION.
Information regarding the presence or absence of possible
            COVID-19 or other global pandemic symptoms, which may be collected through temperature scans, tissue
            sampling, medical examinations, surveys or questionnaires, as well as information about pre-existing medical
            conditions;
EXPOSURE.
Information regarding potential exposure to or infection with COVID-19 or other
            global pandemic, which may include recent travel history, contacts with guests, crew or other individuals.;
CONTACT TRACING VIA WEARABLE DEVICE TECHNOLOGY AND OCEANORBIT™ CONTACT TRACING SYSTEM.
Information about on-board contacts with crew, guests or other individuals collected via wearable technology
            such as the Medallion® on MedallionClass™ ships and properties and/or the OceanOrbit™ Contract Tracing
            system. These devices collect data, such as personal contact, time stamp, duration of contact and frequency
            of contact with others.
AS REQUIRED BY LAW.
Information collected by our on-board crew or reservations staff
            pursuant to directives by public health organizations or other government agencies.
We collect and use this information because:
we must comply with certain regulatory requirements regarding public health, including to determine your
            fitness to travel consistent with applicable government regulations and guidelines;
we have a legitimate business interest in ensuring the health and safety of our passengers, crew and the
            public;
we have a legitimate business interest in complying with legal and regulatory requirements applicable in the
            various jurisdictions in which we operate;
we need to use this information to perform our contract with you to provide our vacation experiences.
Contact Tracing through OceanOrbit™ Contract Tracing System.
To help mitigate and manage the
        potential spread of
        COVID-19 or other global pandemic illnesses, we use wearable device technology to identify individuals who may
        have been exposed to COVID-19 and to rapidly detect potential secondary cases that may arise after transmission
        from an infected individual. The OceanOrbit™ device is a wearable portable electronic device that collects data
        as guests and crew interact with one another in public and in private areas by broadcasting and recording the
        presence and proximity of other OceanOrbit™ devices. The OceanOrbit™ system collects time stamps, duration of
        contact and frequency of contacts. The raw data is associated with the device ID number but will be correlated
        with guest or crew personal information in the event that contract tracing is called for. On MedallionClass™
        ships, we may use on board contact data collected in connection with the Medallion®, rather than the OceanOrbit™
        system, which will be linked to your personal information in the same manner as all other OCEAN® data. As part
        of our contract tracing efforts, we take reasonable precautions to respect our Guests’ privacy and
        confidentiality by communicating contact exposure information in a manner that is not personally identifiable.
        However, information about you may be disclosed in a manner that could allow the recipient to determine your
        identity. For example, if we determine that it is necessary to disclose to a guest that she was in contact with
        an individual who tested positive for COVID-19 for a period of 1-2 hours on a particular date, that guest may be
        able to ascertain the likely identity of the unnamed individual based on her personal experience.
We may disclose your personal information, contacts and health information with third parties or individuals to
        attend to your medical and safety needs and those of our guests and crew; to comply with legal and regulatory
        requirements; to facilitate public health response initiatives; to conduct contract tracing of individuals who
        are exposed to or test positive for COVID-19 or other communicable illness while staying with us; or if we
        reasonably believe that such disclosure is necessary to inform your health care or to protect the personal
        safety or health of our guests, crew, or other individuals. For example, we may disclose personal identifiers
        and health or medical information to our personnel and contractors, port agents and authorities, government
        officials, health agencies or any other individual or institution as reasonably needed to support public health
        initiatives, comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, attend to your medical and safety needs,
        facilitate investigations and remedies, track and mitigate risks of communicable illness including COVID-19, and
        to protect the rights, health and safety of our guests, crew, and others.
Back to top
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Though Carnival Cruise Line provides fun for families of all ages, most of our online Services are not intended
        to be used by children, nor do we have actual knowledge that children are using these online Services. When we
        intend to collect personal information from children online, we take additional steps to protect their privacy,
        including:
notifying and obtaining consent from parents and legal guardians, in accordance with applicable law,
limiting our collection of personal information from children to no more than is reasonably necessary to
            participate in the online activity, and
giving parents and legal guardians the ability of access personal information that we have collected from
            their children and to request the personal information be deleted or modified.
If you believe that we might have inadvertently collected information from a child without appropriate parental
        consent, please contact us at
dpo@carnival.com
so
        that we may delete the information as soon as possible.
Where we collect personal information about children (for instance, information provided by a parent or legal
        guardian, travel agent or other travel partner), we process such information in a manner consistent with
        applicable laws protecting the privacy of children’s data.
Back to top
REGION-SPECIFIC
        DISCLOSURES
A. U.S. State Privacy Rights
This section applies to you if you are a resident of the state of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, or Virginia, and provides additional information about our personal information processing practices relating to individual residents of these states.
Collection and Use of Personal Information.
In the last 12 months, we have collected all of the
        categories of personal information described in our Privacy Notice. To learn more about the types of personal
        information we collect, the sources from which we collect it, and the purposes for which we use this
        information, please refer to
How We Collect and
            Use Your Information
of the Privacy Notice.
Sensitive Information.
Some of the categories of personal information described in our Privacy Notice may be classified as “sensitive” under certain U.S. state privacy laws (“sensitive information”), including social security number, driver’s license number, and passport number; payment card number plus expiration date and security code (CVV), and financial account number and routing number; information concerning your health; biometric information for the purposes of uniquely identifying guests; your username and password; personal information collected from a child; and precise geolocation data. We use this sensitive information for the purposes set forth in the
How We Collect and
        Use Your Information
of our Privacy Notice to the extent necessary for the operation of our Services, to enter into and perform a contract with you, to comply with legal and regulatory requirements, to protect the life or physical safety of anyone or as otherwise permissible for our own internal purposes consistent with law.
Deidentified Information. .
We may at times receive, or process personal information to create, deidentified data that can no longer reasonably be used to infer information about, or otherwise be linked to, a particular individual or household. Where we maintain deidentified data, we will maintain and use the data in deidentified form and not attempt to reidentify the data except as required or permitted by law.
Disclosure of Personal Information.
We share personal information with third parties for
        business purposes or we may sell your personal information to third parties, subject to your right to opt out of
        those sales. The categories of third parties to whom we sell or disclose your personal information for a
        business purpose include: (i) other brands and affiliates in our family of companies; (ii) our service
        providers; (iii) marketing and strategic partners; (iv) promotional partners; (v) ad networks and advertising
        partners; (vi) analytics providers; (vii) social networks; and (viii) government authorities. To learn more
        about how we disclose data to third
        parties, please refer to
How We Share Your
            Information
of the Privacy Notice.
Unless you have exercised your Right to Opt Out of personal information sales, we may sell personal information
        to third parties for monetary or other valuable consideration. The third parties to whom we sell personal
        information may use such information for their own purposes in accordance with their own privacy statements,
        which may include reselling this information to additional third parties.
In the previous 12 months, we have disclosed the all of the categories of personal information we collect to
        third parties for a business purpose.
In the previous 12 months, we have sold the following categories of personal information to third parties: (i)
        Personal Identifiers; (ii) Commercial Information; (iii) Preferences; (iv) Internet, network and device
        information.
We do not sell sensitive information, and we do not process or otherwise share sensitive information for the purpose of targeted advertising. However, depending on your state of residency and subject to certain legal limitations and exceptions, you may be able to limit, or withdraw your consent for, our processing of sensitive information (as described in the Your Rights and Choices section below), except for where the processing of your sensitive information is necessary to provide you the services or otherwise required by law.
Your Rights and Choices.
Depending on your state of residence, and subject to certain legal limitations and exceptions, you may be able to exercise the following rights:
The Right to Know
whether we are processing any personal information about you and, under California law only, to obtain certain personalized details about the personal information we have collected about you, including: the categories or specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you; the categories of sources of the personal information; the categories of personal information that we have sold or disclosed to third parties for a business purpose, and the categories of recipients to whom personal information was shared, sold or disclosed; and the business or commercial purposes for collecting or selling the personal information.
The Right to Access
to the personal information we have collected about you and, where required by law, the right to obtain a copy of the personal information in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows you to transmit the data to another entity without hindrance.
The Right to Correct
inaccuracies in your personal information, taking into account the nature of the personal information and the purposes of the processing of the personal information.
The Right to Request Deletion
of personal information we
            have collected from you, subject to certain exceptions.
The Right to Limit Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Information
and exercise control over our collection and processing of certain sensitive information.
The Right to Opt Out of Personal Information Sales
to third parties now or in the future.
The Right to Opt Out of Sharing Personal Information for Targeted Advertising
based on your activity across businesses, distinctly-branded websites, applications, or services.
You also have the right to be free of retaliatory or  discriminatory treatment for exercising these rights. However, please note that if the exercise of these rights limits our ability to process personal information (such as in the case of a deletion request), we may no longer be able to provide you our products and services or engage with you in the
        same manner.
How to Exercise your Rights.
You may submit a request to exercise your privacy rights through one of the mechanisms described below. We will need to verify your identity
        and confirm your state of residence before processing your request, which may require us to request additional personal information from you or require you to log into your account, if you have one. These rights may not be available to all U.S. residents. We will process your request in accordance with applicable state law. In certain circumstances, we may decline or limit your request, particularly where we are unable to verify your identity or locate your information in our systems, or as permitted by law.
Please note that we can only process privacy rights requests for personal information processed by Carnival
        Cruise Line. If you have interacted with another brand in our family of companies or any other third party, you
        will have to contact that brand or third party to exercise your California Consumer Requests.
To access, modify or delete your personal information, please submit a request by:
Emailing
dpo@carnival.com
with sufficient information to identify you
            and your request,
Filling out our
Request Form
, or
Calling
1-855-845-2599
To submit a request to opt-out of personal information sales, please submit a request using our
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal
            Information form
to be added to our suppression list.
Additionally, as is common practice among companies that operate online, we permit third party advertising
        networks, social media companies and other third party businesses collect and disclose personal information
        (including preferences, rough geolocation, commercial information and internet, network and device information)
        directly from your browser or device through cookies or tracking technologies when you visit or interact with
        our websites, use our apps or otherwise engage with us. These third parties use this information for the
        purposes of serving targeted ads that are more relevant, for ad campaign measurement and analytics, and for fraud
        detection and reporting and may sell and share that information to other businesses for advertising and other purposes. By
        visiting
the privacy rights website
, you can opt out from sales of this
        type of personal information by businesses that participate in the opt-out tool. To make opt-out requests
        related to mobile apps on your device for businesses participating in the DAA’s CCPA App-based Opt-Out Tool, you
        can download the appropriate app at
YourAdChoices website
. To learn more about how third
        parties collect information through tracking technologies and what other choices you may have in relation to
        those activities, please see
About Our Ads
.
Minors.
We do not sell or, for the purposes of targeted advertising, share the personal information of consumers we know to be less than 16 years
        of age. If we wish to do so in the future, we will first seek affirmative authorization from either the minor
        who is between 13 and 16 years of age, or the parent or guardian of a minor less than 13 years of age.
If you are under the age of 18 and you want to remove your name or comments from our website or publicly
        displayed content, please contact us directly at
dpo@carnival.com
. We may
        not be able to modify or delete your information in all circumstances.
If you wish to submit a privacy request information on behalf of your minor child in accordance with applicable jurisdictional laws, you must provide sufficient information to allow us to reasonably verify your child is the person about whom we collected personal information and you are authorized to submit the request on your child’s behalf (i.e., that you are the child’s legal guardian or authorized representative).
Authorized Agents.
In certain circumstances, you may permit an authorized agent to submit
        requests on your behalf. The authorized agent must provide a letter signed by you confirming the agent has
        permission to submit a request on your behalf, or must provide sufficient evidence to show that the authorized
        agent has been lawfully vested with power of attorney.
For security purposes, we may need to verify your identity and confirm directly with you that you have provided
        the authorized agent permission to submit the request, and it may take additional time to fulfil agent-submitted
        requests. We may deny a request in the event we are not able to verify the authorized agent’s authority to act
        on your behalf. Please note that for privacy and security reasons, we will direct future communications to the
        data subject on whose behalf the request was made.
Notice of Financial Incentive.
Notice of Financial Incentive. We offer various financial
        incentives. For example, the financial incentives we may provide include:
Discounts, coupons and special offers via email when you sign up for our email list or create an account.
Rewards when you refer a friend who has never sailed or booked with us before.
Loyalty programs, where you earn rewards based upon your past travel or spend with us, or through co-branded credit cards such as
Carnival’s VIFP Club
.
When you sign up for our email list or create an account, you opt-in to participate in a financial incentive
        program. Participation in any financial incentive program is entirely optional and participants may withdraw
        from the program at any time. To opt-out of the program and forgo any ongoing incentives, you may unsubscribe
        from our emails (for email-based incentives), close your account (for loyalty and reward program incentives) or
        submit a request to delete your information. The financial incentives we offer to consumers are reasonable
        related to the value of the consumer’s data to our business, based on our reasonable but sole determination. We
        estimate the value of consumers’ personal information by considering the expense incurred by the business
        related to the collection, storage and retention of consumers’ personal information in the context of the
        financial incentive program and the expenses related to the provision of the financial incentive. From time to
        time, we may provide additional terms that apply to a particular financial incentive, which will be presented to
        you at the time you sign up for the financial incentive.
The terms applicable to each program and other offering are provided at the time an eligible individual is offered an opportunity to participate. Interested individuals can opt-in to these financial incentives by following the instructions presented at the time the offer is made. Participating individuals may withdraw from our programs and other offerings at any time by following the instructions provided in connection with each offering or by contacting us with the information found in the Contact Us section below.
“Shine The Light” Law.
California's "Shine the Light" law (Civil Code Section §1798.83)
        provides certain rights to California residents that have an established business relationship with us with
        regard
        to the disclosure of certain types of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
        To
        opt-out of having your personal information disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes,
        please
        complete our
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal
            Information Form
and provide your contact information
        to be added to our suppression list.
California Consumer Rights Metrics 2021.
The following data reflects the California consumer rights requests that we have processed in the 2021 calendar year (January 2021 – December 2021):
2021 California Consumer
                            Rights Requests
#
The number of requests to know that the business received, complied with in whole or in part, and denied
12
The number of requests to delete that the business received, complied with in whole or in part, and denied
217
The number of requests to opt-out that the business received, complied with in whole or in part, and denied
678
The median or mean number of days within which the business substantively responded to requests to know, requests to delete, and requests to opt-out.
1
Back to top
B. NEVADA PRIVACY RIGHTS
Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes permits a Nevada resident to opt out of future sales of certain
        covered information that a website operator has collected or will collect about the resident. If you are a
        Nevada resident, you may submit a request to opt out of potential future sales under Nevada law by emailing us
        at
dpo@carnival.com
or completing the
Do Not Sell or Share My
            Personal Information Form
. Please include sufficient
        information for us to identify you in your email, such as information about previous voyages, or, if applicable,
        your account information. Please note we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity and the authenticity
        of the request.
Back to top
C. EUROPEAN PRIVACY RIGHTS
This section applies to you if you are a resident of a member state of the European Economic Area, the United
        Kingdom and Switzerland. The European Data Protection Regulation and corresponding law in the other European
        States not being member of the European Union requires us to to disclose certain information regarding the
        personal information we collect about you and your rights in respect of personal information that we hold.
Legal Basis for the Processing of Your Personal Information.
Our processing of your personal
        information as
        described in the Section
“How We Collect and
            Use Your Information”
is based on the following legal grounds:
Consent:
We may need your consent in connection with our promotional activities in
            particular, such as
            sending you promotional messages, if you decide to participate in sweepstakes, to deploy certain cookies
            when you use our online services and where you use certain Services where we collect location information or
            information about your health or medical conditions.
Where we need your consent, you have the right
            not to provide consent, or to withdraw it at any time. The withdrawal of your consent does not affect the
            lawfulness of our use of your personal information before your withdrawal. If you have granted us consent to
            use your personal information, we will use it only for the purposes specified in the consent declaration.
            Please note that to the extent our processing is based on your consent and you deny your consent or withdraw
            it, we may not be able to provide the Service relating thereto. Besides from that, neither the initial
            denial nor a withdrawal will have any negative consequences for you.
Perform or enter into a contract or quasi contractual relationship with you: We rely on this legal basis in
            particular in the following cases:
to manage your travel bookings and orders;
to provide you with our Services, e.g., process your on-board purchases of goods or Services,
to communicate with you to provide technical or administrative support, or
to be able to provide our online Services.
Compliance with legal obligations:
We may be obliged to process personal information to
            comply with our
            legal obligations, for example where we are required to retain data for tax law or commercial purposes or
            where we must comply with regulatory requirements regarding public health or gambling.
Legitimate interests:
We may base the processing of your personal information on our
            legitimate interests where (i) neither of the afore listed legal bases apply and (ii) where the processing
            of your personal information is necessary for our legitimate interests. Such cases may include the following
            in particular:
to conduct customer surveys in order to enhance and optimize your vacation experience;
to protect our rights and the rights of our guests;to prevent, investigate, and defend against
                    fraud, unlawful or criminal activity, unauthorized access to or use of personal information and our
                    data system services;
to investigate and resolve disputes and security issues;
to provide you with personalized Services;
to communicate with you and reply to your questions or comments submitted to us by any means; and
to pursue or defend against legal claims.
Where we process your personal information based on our legitimate interests, we will only do so where we
            have appropriately assessed and balanced our interests against your right to privacy.
Additional Information on How Your Personal Information Is Transferred Globally.
In case your
        personal
        information is transferred to jurisdictions located outside of the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom or
        Switzerland, for example, to the United States or any other country where we have operations, we will ensure
        that appropriate safeguards exist and are taken, such as:
the recipient of the personal information is located within a country that benefits from an “adequacy”
            decision of the European Commission;
the recipient has signed a contract based on the standard contractual clauses approved by the European
            Commission, obliging them to protect your personal information;
or in the absence of the above appropriate safeguards, we will ask you for your explicit consent for the
            cross-border transfer of your personal information or take any other measures that are recognized as
            providing a sufficient level of protection for your personal information.
Please be aware that the United States’ laws have not yet been acknowledged as providing for a data protection
        standard which is adequate to the ones within your jurisdiction.
For more information about the safeguards relating to personal information transfers you may contact our Data
        Protection Officer by sending an email to
dpo@carnival.com
.
Your Rights:
You are entitled to the following rights in respect of personal information that
        we hold:
RIGHT OF ACCESS
. The right to obtain access to your personal information.
RIGHT TO RECTIFICATION
: The right to obtain rectification of your personal information
            where that personal information is inaccurate or incomplete.
RIGHT TO ERASURE
. The right to obtain the erasure of your personal information in certain
            circumstances, such as where the personal information is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for
            which it was collected or processed.
RIGHT TO RESTRICTION
. The right to obtain the restriction of the processing undertaken by
            us on your personal information in certain circumstances, such as where the accuracy of the personal
            information is contested by you, for a period enabling us to verify the accuracy of that personal
            information.
RIGHT TO OBJECT
. YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO OBJECT TO ANY PROCESSING JUSTIFIED BY LEGITIMATE
            INTERESTS BASED ON GROUNDS RELATING TO YOUR PARTICULAR SITUATION AT ANY TIME. SHOULD YOU DECIDE TO OBJECT TO
            THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION, WE WILL STOP PROCESSING PERSONAL INFORMATION CONCERNING YOU,
            UNLESS WE CAN DEMONSTRATE COMPELLING REASONS FOR CONTINUING TO PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION THAT
            OVERRIDE YOUR INTERESTS, RIGHTS AND FREEDOMS OR IN THE CASE THAT WE ESTABLISH, EXERCISE, OR DEFEND OUR LEGAL
            CLAIMS. YOU CAN OBJECT TO DIRECT MARKETING ACTIVITIES AT ANY TIME FOR ANY REASON WHATSOEVER.
RIGHT TO DATA PORTABILITY
. You have the right to obtain a copy of your personal information
            in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and transmit such data to another provider or
            have such data transmitted to another provider under certain circumstances.
RIGHT TO WITHDRAW CONSENT
. If you have given us your consent to process your personal
            information but change your mind later, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. The
            withdrawal of your consent does not affect the lawfulness of our use of your personal information before
            your withdrawal. If you want to withdraw your consent with regard to receiving promotional communications,
            you can unsubscribe through the method described in each promotional message.
In some cases, our ability to uphold these rights for you may depend upon our obligations to process personal
        information for security, safety, fraud prevention reasons, compliance with regulatory or legal requirements, or
        because processing is necessary to deliver the services you have requested. Where this is the case, we will
        inform you of specific details in response to your request.
For further information on how to exercise those rights, you may contact our Data Protection Officer by sending
        an email to
dpo@carnival.com
or visiting the
GDPR Request Form Page
.
        You
        also have the right to lodge a
        complaint with the competent data protection supervisory authority. Information about how to contact your local
        data protection supervisory authority is available at the
European Data Protection Board website
.
Back to top
D. BRAZILIAN PRIVACY RIGHTS
This section applies to you if your personal information: (i) is processed in the Brazilian territory; or (ii)
        has been collected in the Brazilian territory. Also, this section applies to you if the purpose of the
        processing activity is the offer or supply of goods or services within the Brazilian territory.
Your Rights.
According to the Brazilian General Data Protection Law, Law No. 13.709/18
            (“
LGPD
”), you may be able to exercise the following rights, at any time upon request:
confirmation of the existence of processing;
access to the personal information;
correction of incomplete, inaccurate or outdated personal information;
anonymization, blocking or elimination of unnecessary or excessive data or of data processed in
                noncompliance with the provisions of the LGPD;
portability of your personal information to other service providers or suppliers of product, at the
                express request, and observing our business and industrial secrets;
elimination of the personal information processed with the consent, except in the events set forth on
                the topic “Termination of the processing” below;
information of the public and private entities with which the controller carried out the shared use of
                personal information;
information on the possibility of not providing consent and on the consequences of the denial;
revocation of the consent.
Termination of the Processing
. Your personal information shall be eliminated after termination
        of the processing thereof, within the scope and technical limits of the activities, and conservation thereof
        shall be authorized for the following purposes:
compliance with a statutory or regulatory obligation by Carnival Cruise Line;
transfer to third parties in accordance with the data processing requirements set forth in the LGPD; or
exclusive use of the personal information by Carnival Cruise Line, providing the personal information are
         anonymized and that the access thereto by third parties will be prohibited by Carnival Cruise Line.
Back to top
E. CHINESE PRIVACY RIGHTS
This section applies to you if: (i) your personal information is processed within the territory of the People’s
        Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan, the “
PRC
”), or (ii) you are within
        the territory of China and your personal information is processed outside of China for the purposes of providing
        goods or services to you, or analyzing or evaluating your behaviors. PRC law requires us to disclose certain
        information set forth below.
Processing of Sensitive Personal Information.
Under the PRC law, sensitive personal information
        includes information regarding such as biometrics, religious beliefs, race, ethnicity, medical health, financial
        accounts, and location tracking, as well as the personal information of minors under the age of 14
        (“
Minor(s)
”). For example, we may process your sensitive personal information in an incident,
        for health screenings, or for security purposes. We may process certain of your sensitive personal information
        only when we have your consent or another legal basis to do so. Where your consent is the legal basis for
        processing your sensitive personal information (such as related to our MedallionClass™ Services), we will seek
        your prior consent separately. For more information on our processing of your sensitive personal information,
        please refer to the
How We Collect and
            Use Your Information
section of the Privacy Notice.
Before processing a Minor’s personal information, we will seek consent from their parent or other legal
        guardian.
Legal Basis for the Processing of Your Personal Information.
.Our processing of your personal
        information as described in the Section
“How We Collect and
            Use Your Information”
is based on the following legal grounds:
Consent:
We may need your consent in connection with our promotional activities in particular, such as sending you
            promotional messages, if you decide to participate in sweepstakes, to deploy certain cookies when you use
            our online services and where you use certain Services where we collect location information or information
            about your health or medical conditions.
We may need your consent in connection with our promotional activities in particular, such as sending you
            promotional messages, if you decide to participate in sweepstakes, to deploy certain cookies when you use
            our online services and where you use certain Services where we collect location information or information
            about your health or medical conditions.
Enter into or perform a contract with you:
We rely on this legal basis in particular in the
            following cases:
to manage your travel bookings and orders;
to provide you with our Services, e.g., process your on-board purchases of goods or Services
to communicate with you to provide technical or administrative support, or
to be able to provide our online Services.
Carry out legal responsibilities or legal obligations:
We may be obliged to process
            personal information to carry out our legal responsibilities or legal obligations, for example where we are
            required to retain data for tax law or commercial purposes or where we must comply with regulatory
            requirements regarding public health or gambling.
Respond to an emergency:
We may collect and process your personal information in order to
            respond to a public health emergency or to protect a natural person’s life, health and property safety in an
            emergency.
Reasonably process legitimately published personal information:
We may reasonably process
            your personal information that has been published by you or otherwise has been published legitimately.
Your Rights:
You are entitled to the following rights in respect of your personal information
        that we hold:
RIGHT TO KNOW AND DECIDE.
You have the right to know and to decide about processing of your personal information unless the law
            provides otherwise. For example, we may be obligated by law to keep certain information confidential or may
            be exempted from notification under certain circumstances. You also have the right to request us to explain
            our rules on processing your personal information.
RIGHT TO RESTRICT OR OBJECT.
You have the right to restrict or object to any processing of your personal information unless the law
            provides otherwise. For example, you may not be able to restrict or object to processing that is made on a
            legal basis other than your consent.
RIGHT TO ACCESS AND REPRODUCE.
You have the right to access your personal information or to obtain a copy of your personal information
            unless we are obligated by law to keep certain information confidential.
RIGHT TO TRANSFER.
You have the right to transfer your personal information to another processor appointed by you, provided
            that the transfer meets the requirements set forth by the Cyberspace Administration of China.
RIGHT TO RECTIFY AND SUPPLEMENT.
You have the right to have your personal information rectified or supplemented where that personal
            information is inaccurate or incomplete.
RIGHT TO ERASE.
You have the right to request the erasure of your personal information. However, if we are obligated by law
            to retain your personal information for a longer period of time, or it is technically unfeasible to erase
            your personal information, we will retain your personal information with necessary security protection
            measures and will not otherwise process your personal information.
In some cases, our ability to uphold these rights for you may depend upon our obligations to process personal
        information for security, safety, fraud prevention reasons, compliance with regulatory or legal requirements, or
        because processing is necessary to deliver the services you have requested. Where this is the case, we will
        inform you of specific details in response to your request.
Please also note that after an individual passed away, their next of kin may be able to exercise the individual
        rights of the deceased in accordance with law.
For further information on how to exercise those rights, you may contact our Data Protection Officer by sending
        an email to
dpo@carnival.com
. You also have the right to lodge a complaint
        with a competent personal information protection authority.
Back to top
F. JAPAN PRIVACY RIGHTS
This section applies to you if you are a resident of Japan, in accordance with the Act of Protection of Personal
        Information (the “APPI”) of Japan.
Inquiries and Complaints.
We shall respond appropriately to requests permitted under the APPI
        including requests for inquiries and complaints regarding the handling of personal information. Please submit a
        request in the same way prescribed in
“ACCESSING, MODIFYING OR DELETING YOUR INFORMATION”
.
Back to top
HOW WE
        PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
We care about the security of your information and employ physical, administrative, and technological safeguards
        designed to preserve the integrity and security of all information collected through our Service. However, no
        security system is impenetrable and we cannot guarantee the security of our systems 100%.
In the event that any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, we will
        take steps to investigate the situation and, where appropriate, notify those individuals whose information may
        have been compromised and take other steps in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
While we take steps to protect your personal information and keep it secure, you also play a role in protecting
        your information. You can help to maintain the security of your online and mobile transactions by not sharing
        your reservation number, username, or password with anyone.
DATA RETENTION.
We will only store your personal information for as long as necessary to achieve the purpose of collection as set out in this Privacy Notice in accordance with our data retention policies, unless a longer retention period is required by applicable law. If we are required by applicable law to store your personal information beyond this period (e.g., for tax and commercial law reasons), we will delete the personal information after the end of this storage period.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use and disclosure of your personal information, the purposes for which we process the personal information, and the applicable legal requirements. After the expiry of the aforementioned retention periods, we will delete or anonymize your personal information.
If, after you sign up for our promotional emails, you unsubscribe from receiving our promotional emails, we will delete your personal information from our mailing lists. However, we might store your email address in a blacklist to ensure that you will not receive any further communication.
Back to top
TSA
        SECURE FLIGHT NOTICE
The Transportation Security Administration (TSA) requires you to provide your full name, date of birth and
        gender for the purpose of watch list screening under the authority of 49 U.S.C. section 114, the Intelligence
        Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 and 49 C.F.R. parts 1540 and 1560 for all commercial air travel
        within, into or out of the United States which is booked on or after August 15, 2009. You may also provide your
        Redress Number, if available.
If you book commercial air travel within, into or out of the United States in conjunction with your voyage we
        will request this information from you and forward it to the TSA as required by law. Failure to provide your
        full name, date of birth, and gender may result in denial of transport or denial of authority to enter the
        boarding area.
TSA may share information you provide with law enforcement or intelligence agencies or others under its
        published system of records notice. For more on TSA privacy policies or to review the system of records notice
        and the privacy impact assessment, please see the
TSA Website
.
Back to top
LINKS
        TO THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
The Services may contain links to and from third party websites of our business partners, advertisers, and
        social media sites and our users may post links to third party websites. If you follow a link to any of these
        websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any
        responsibility or liability for their policies. We strongly recommend that you read their privacy policies and
        terms and conditions of use to understand how they collect, use, and share information. We are not responsible
        for the privacy practices or the content on the websites of third party sites.
Back to top
CHANGES TO
        OUR PRIVACY NOTICE
We may modify or update this Privacy Notice from time to time to reflect the changes in our business and
        practices, and you should review this page periodically. We will update the “Last Updated” date at the top of
        this page when we post changes to this Notice. If you object to any changes, you may close your account.
        Continuing to use our Services after we publish changes to this Privacy Notice means that you are consenting to
        the changes.
Back to top
COMMENTS?
        QUESTIONS? CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice or the website, please Contact Customer Service Calling
1-855-845-2599
.
Data Protection Officer:
dpo@carnival.com
450 Third Ave. W., Seattle WA 98119-4002, ATTN DPO
ABOUT OUR ADS
Effective Date: February 1, 2023
We Use Tracking Technologies
When you visit our Sites and access or use our Services, read our emails, or otherwise engage with us through a
        computer or mobile device, we and our third-party partners, automatically collect information about how you
        access and use the Services and information about the device you use to access the Services.
This information allows us to improve your customer experience. For example, we and our third-party partners use
        tracking technologies:
To recognize new or current guests and Site visitors.
To store your password if you are registered on our Sites.
To improve our Services.
To serve you with interest-based or targeted advertising (see below for more on interest-based advertising).
To observe your behaviors and browsing activities over time across multiple websites or other platforms.
To better understand the interests of our customers and Site visitors.
Third party data collection and interest-based advertising
We participate in interest-based advertising and use third party advertising companies to serve you targeted
        advertisements based on your browsing history. We permit third party online advertising networks, social media
        companies and other third-party services, to collect information about your use of our Sites, including our
        mobile apps, over time so that they may play or display ads on our Service, on other websites, apps or services
        you may use, and on other devices and advertising channels you may use. Typically, though not always, the information used for
        interest-based advertising is collected through tracking technologies, such as cookies, Flash objects, web
        beacons, embedded scripts, mobile SDKs, location-identifying technologies, and similar technology (collectively,
        “tracking technologies”), which recognize the device you are using and collect information, including click
        stream information, browser type, time and date you visited the site, device ID or AdID, precise geolocation and
        other information.
We, or our third-party partners, may link your various devices so that content you see on one device can result
        in relevant advertising on another device. For example, we may share a common account identifier (such as a hashed email
        address or user ID) or work with third party partners who use tracking technologies or statistical modeling
        tools to determine if two or more devices are linked to a single user or household. Our partners may use this information, and may combine this information with information they collect directly or receive from other partners, both online and offline, so that they may recognize you across different channels and platforms, including computers, mobile devices and smart TVs. We and our third-party partners use this information to make the advertisements and personalized content you see online more relevant to your interests, as well as to provide advertising-related services such as reporting, attribution, analytics and market research.
Social media widgets and advertising
Our Services may include social media features, such as the Facebook Like button, LinkedIn, Snapchat, Instagram,
        Twitter or other widgets. These social media companies may recognize you and collect information about your
        visit to our Service, and they may set a cookie or employ other tracking technologies. Your interactions with
        those features are governed by the privacy policies of those companies.
We display targeted advertising to you through social media platforms, such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram,
        LinkedIn, and other social media forums. These companies have interest-based advertising programs that allow us
        to direct advertisements to users who have shown interest in our Service while those users are on the social
        media platform, or to groups of other users who share similar traits, such as likely commercial interests and
        demographics. We may share a unique identifier, such as a user ID or hashed email address, with these platform
        providers or they may collect information from our Site visitors through a first-party pixel, to
        direct targeted advertising to you or to a custom audience on the social media platform. These advertisements
        are governed by the privacy policies of those social media companies that provide them. If you do not want to
        receive targeted ads on your social networks, you may be able to adjust your advertising preferences through
        your settings on those networks. You may learn more about advertising preferences by clicking on the links
        provided below. Please note that these links are provided for your convenience only and we do not control the
        content or features that may be available on these third-party services.
Facebook
. To learn more about your
            advertising preferences on Facebook Companies,
click here.
LinkedIn.
To learn more about
            advertising preferences on LinkedIn,
click here.
Pinterest.
To learn more about
            personalization and data,
click here.
Snapchat.
To learn more about
            advertising and interest preferences,
click here.
Twitter.
To learn more about privacy
            controls for personalized ads on Twitter,
click here.
Your Ad Choices
Controlling cookies, tracking technologies and Flash cookies.
Most browsers allow you to adjust
        your browser settings to: (i) notify you when you receive a cookie, which lets you choose whether or not to
        accept it; (ii) disable existing cookies; or (iii) set your browser to automatically reject cookies. You may set
        your e-mail options to prevent the automatic downloading of images that may contain technologies that would
        allow us to know whether you viewed or engaged with our emails.
Some websites have “do not track” features that allow you to tell a website not to track you. These features are
        not all uniform. We do not currently respond to those signals. Blocking or deleting cookies may negatively
        impact your experience using the Service, as some features and services on our Service may not work properly.
        Depending on your mobile device and operating system, you may not be able to delete or block all tracking
        technologies. For example, browser-based cookie controls may not affect online advertising that is not cookie-based.
Deleting cookies does not delete Local Storage Objects (LSOs) such as Flash objects and HTML5. You can learn more
        about Flash objects — including how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies — on
Adobe's Website.
If you choose to delete Flash
        objects from our sites, then you may not be able to access and use all or part of the sites or benefit from the
        information and services offered.
Interest-based advertising.
To learn about interest-based advertising and how you may be able to
        opt out of some interest-based advertising, you may wish to visit the
Network Advertising Initiative’s online
            resources
or the
DAA’s resources.
Residents of Canada may visit the
Your Ad Choices Website
Residents of the United Kingdom may visit the
Your Online Choices Website
Residents of the European Union may visit the
Your Online Choices Website
Please note that opting out of receiving interest-based advertising through the NAI’s and DAA’s online resources
        will only opt-out a user from receiving interest-based ads on that specific browser or device, but the user may
        still receive interest-based ads on his or her other devices. You must perform the opt-out on each browser or
        device you use. We may work with some tracking technology partners that do not participate in the DAA or NAI
        self-regulatory programs and these opt-outs will not have any effect on those partner activities.
Note that some of these opt-outs may not be effective unless your browser is set to accept cookies. If you delete
        cookies, change your browser settings, switch browsers or computers, or use another operating system, you may
        need to opt-out again.
Mobile advertising.
You may also be able to limit interest-based advertising through the
        settings on your mobile device by selecting “limit ad tracking” (iOS) or “opt out of interest-based ads”
        (Android). The Digital Advertising Alliance also offers a tool for opting out of the collection of cross-app
        data on a mobile device for interest-based advertising. To exercise choices for the companies participating in
        this tool,
download the AppChoices app.
You may be able to limit the use
        of location data for advertising purposes by adjusting your location services settings on your mobile device.
Third Party Partners
The following is a sample of the third-party service partners we work with to provide cross-device linking and/or
        interest-based advertising services. We will strive to update this list if or when we work with new partners
        that offer you choices about the collection of your information apart from the DAA and NAI opt-out programs
        linked above. As partners change and new technologies become available, this list is likely to change over time
        and may not always reflect our current partners.
Google Analytics and Advertising
. We use Google
            Analytics to recognize you and link the devices you use when you visit our site or Service on
            your browser or mobile device, log in to your account on our Service, or otherwise engage with
            us. We share a unique identifier, like a user ID or hashed email address, with Google to
            facilitate the service. Google Analytics allows us to better understand how our users interact
            with our Service and to tailor our advertisements and content to you. For information on how
            Google Analytics collects and processes data, as well as how you can control information sent to
            Google, review
Google's site 
                “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps” policy.
You can learn
            about Google Analytics’ currently available opt-outs, including the Google Analytics Browser
            Ad-On, by visiting
Google Website.
We may also utilize certain forms of display
            advertising and other advanced features through Google Analytics, such as Remarketing with
            Google Analytics, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, the DoubleClick Campaign Manager
            Integration, and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. These features enable us
            to use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such
            as the DoubleClick advertising cookie) or other third-party cookies together to inform,
            optimize, and display ads based on your past visits to the Service. You may control your
            advertising preferences or opt out of certain Google advertising products by visiting the
Google Ads Preferences Manager
or by visiting
NAI’s online resources.
We may use data matching services such as LiveRamp to
            help us measure advertising effectiveness and analytics and to create data for personalized
            advertising purposes. You can find out how to opt out of LiveRamp’s services by visiting
LiveRamp’s
                Website.
We may participate in the Adobe Experience Cloud and
            Adobe Experience Cloud Device Co-Op to better understand how you use our website and apps across
            the various devices you use, and to deliver tailored promotions. You can learn more about Adobe
            services and the Adobe Experience Cloud and how you can opt out of Adobe advertising solutions
            by visiting
Adobe’s Website.
AddThis (Part of Oracle Marketing & Data Cloud).
Bing Ads.
Drawbridge.
Flashtalking.
OpenX.
Rubicon Project.
The Trade Desk.
This is not a complete list
of all of the advertising partners we may work with. Please visit
        the
DAA’s resources
to learn more about online
        advertising and to exercise your opt-out choices across all participating third-party ad networks.
TICKET CONTRACT
IMPORTANT NOTICE TO GUESTS
THIS DOCUMENT IS A LEGALLY BINDING CONTRACT ISSUED BY CARNIVAL CRUISE LINE TO, AND ACCEPTED BY, GUEST SUBJECT TO THE IMPORTANT TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPEARING BELOW.
THE ATTENTION OF GUEST IS ESPECIALLY DIRECTED TO SECTIONS 1, 4, AND 12 THROUGH 15, WHICH CONTAIN IMPORTANT LIMITATIONS ON THE RIGHTS OF GUESTS TO ASSERT CLAIMS AGAINST CARNIVAL CRUISE LINE, THE VESSEL, THEIR AGENTS AND EMPLOYEES, AND OTHERS, INCLUDING FORUM SELECTION, CHOICE OF LAW, TIME LIMITATIONS FOR FILING SUIT, ARBITRATION, WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL FOR CERTAIN CLAIMS, AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER.
IMPORTANT TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF CONTRACT –
        READ CAREFULLY!
In consideration of the receipt of the total cruise price  and/or boarding and lodging on the vessel to which this Ticket Contract applies (the “Vessel”), Carnival Cruise Line (“Carnival”) and Guest agree that the booking of the cruise and the cruise are subject to the following terms and conditions:
1. DEFINITIONS AND SCOPE OF CONTRACT
(a) Whenever the word “Carnival” is used in this Contract it shall mean and include the Vessel, and all its owners, operators, employees, agents, charterers, and water shuttles. The term “Guest” shall include the plural where appropriate, and means all persons or entities booking or purchasing passage and/or traveling under this Contract, including heirs, representatives, and any accompanying minors. The masculine includes the feminine. “Guest” shall have the same meaning as “Passenger” in this Contract.
(b) “Cruise Fare” or “Fare” means the amount paid for the cruise which includes full board, ordinary ship’s food during the voyage, but not charges or expenses for goods or services voluntarily or incidentally incurred by Guest, including, but not limited to, for spirits, wine, beer, soft drinks or mineral waters, shore excursions, salon and spa services, room service or dining in specialty restaurants, charges for any medical services received onboard, or Service Gratuities (as described below). “Required Cruise Fees and Expenses” means the amount of mandatory and third-party fees and expenses associated with the Cruise Fare for services on board and in port (which are subject to penalty). “Government Taxes and Fees” means taxes and government-imposed fees for the performance of the cruise and related purchases, such as port head taxes, value-added taxes, air and hotel taxes, and similar fees and taxes assessed on the transaction and associated with the Cruise Fare.  “Cruise Charges” means the Cruise Fare and Required Cruise Fees and Expenses, combined. The “Total Cruise Price” means the Cruise Fare, Required Cruise Fees & Expenses and Government Taxes and Fees, combined.
(c) The Total Cruise Price shall be deemed to be earned when paid and not refundable except as stated on Carnival’s website applicable to the voyage and as provided in Section 7 herein. For your convenience, a “Service Gratuity” will be automatically added to the onboard account for each guest, except for children under the age of 2, to recognize the efforts of a wide variety of crewmembers in various departments who contribute to the experiences of all our guests. Service Gratuities, which are subject to adjustment at your discretion, are pooled and distributed in the form of added wages, bonuses and/or crew benefits. A Service Charge will be automatically added to optional purchases for beverages, specialty dining and other voluntary purchases during the cruise.
(d) This ticket is valid only for the person(s) named hereon as Guests and cannot be transferred or modified without Carnival’s written consent. The acceptance or use of this ticket by the person(s) named hereon as Guests shall be deemed acceptance and agreement by each of them to all of the terms and conditions of this cruise Contract.
(e) All rights, exemptions from liability, defenses and immunities of Carnival under this contract shall also inure to the benefit of Carnival’s facilities, whether at sea or ashore, servants, agents, managers, affiliated or related companies, suppliers, shipbuilders and manufacturers of component parts and independent contractors, including, but not limited to, shore excursion or tour operators, ship’s physician, ship’s nurse, retail shop personnel, health and beauty staff, fitness staff, video diary staff, and other concessionaires, who shall have no liability to the Guest, either in contract or in tort, which is greater than or different from that of Carnival.
(f) Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, this contract constitutes the entire agreement between Carnival and Guest and supersedes all other agreements, oral or written. Any alteration to any term of this contract must be in writing and authorized by Carnival. In the event of a direct conflict between a provision of this contract and a provision of the Cruise Industry Passenger Bill of Rights (“PBOR”) in effect at the time of booking PBOR controls. Guests purchasing, spa services or shore excursions through Carnival are subject to the additional terms and conditions which are incorporated by reference. VIFP Members agree to the additional terms and conditions of VIFP membership which are incorporated by reference. Except as provided in Section 14 below, should any provision of this contract be contrary to or invalid by virtue of the law of the jurisdiction in which this contract is sought to be enforced or be so held by a court of competent jurisdiction, such provision(s) shall be deemed to be severed from the Contract and of no effect and all remaining provisions herein shall be in full force and effect and constitute the Contract of Carriage.
(g) Onboard charges and additional expenses charged to Guest’s Sail and Sign® account will be made in the functional currency of the Vessel, which may differ from the type of currency used to secure the booking.
2. TRAVEL DOCUMENTATION AND GUEST OBLIGATIONS
(a) Proper travel documentation and eligibility to travel is required at embarkation and throughout the cruise. In addition to immigration and customs requirements, the U.S. government and others place restrictions on the carriage of Guests whose names appear on government watch lists or who are deemed legally ineligible to travel. It is the Guest’s sole responsibility to ensure his/her legal eligibility to travel and to bring and have available at all times all required travel documents. Guests are advised to check with their travel agent and with the appropriate government authorities to determine the necessary documents and travel eligibility requirements for their particular cruise destinations, including the port of embarkation. Carnival assumes no responsibility for advising Guest of what travel documents are required for the requested itinerary and it is recommended that Guest travel with a valid government issued passport at all times. Carnival may cancel the booking of any Guest who is or becomes ineligible to travel for any reason, or who is traveling without proper documentation. Any such Guest, or any Guest who fails to board the ship at embarkation, shall be ineligible to board the ship thereafter without Carnival’s consent, and shall not attempt to do so at the same or another port. Under these circumstances the Guest shall not be entitled to a refund or compensation of any kind. Guest is responsible for all related costs and fines, including without limitation travel expenses and for proper travel documentation for any port, or for departure from or arrival to their final destination. Under no circumstances shall Carnival be liable for any costs, damages or expenses whatsoever incurred by any Guest as a result of such failure, cancellation or denial of boarding.
(b) Guest acknowledges receipt of Carnival’s applicable website and travel information and agrees to abide by the terms and conditions of not just this Contract, but also the information contained on Carnival’s  website, including but not limited to the information contained in the “Frequently Asked Questions” and “Embarkation Information” sections.
(c) Guest acknowledges that, for a voyage commencing in a United States port for a round-trip voyage via one or more United States ports, Guest must complete the voyage and disembark at the embarkation port. Failure to do so may result in a fine or penalty being imposed by the United States Customs Service or other governmental agency. In consideration for the Cruise Fare paid, Guest agrees to pay any such fine or penalty imposed because of Guest’s failure to complete the voyage.
(d) Carnival shall refuse boarding to any Guest under the age of twenty-one (21) unless: (1) the Guest is traveling in the same stateroom with an individual twenty-five years or older; (2) traveling in the same stateroom with their spouse; or (3) traveling with a parent or guardian in an accompanying stateroom; or (4) is a qualified member of the U.S. military. Adult Guests agree to be responsible at all times for the safety and behavior of their minor Guests who are traveling with them and Guests agree to properly supervise and monitor all minors traveling with them and to prevent such minors from engaging in hazardous horseplay or any other dangerous behavior. Proof of age and/or proof of marriage are required. Carnival shall not be liable to make any refunds or for any damages with respect to any Guest’s failure to provide proper proof of age or marriage or otherwise comply with this provision.
(e) Guests must attend the mandatory safety briefing once onboard at the commencement of the cruise and any subsequent briefing ordered by the ship’s officer during the cruise. Guests shall comply with all onboard health, environmental and safety policies and procedures (including but not limited to those specified in Sections 5 and 6 below and on
Carnival’s website
(opens a new window)
), and shall familiarize themselves with the nature and character of the ship, as well as, all emergency exits, to assist with safe evacuation in the event of an emergency.
(f) Guests must comply with all pre-embarkation, onboard and shore excursion rules and policies including, but not limited to, all environmental and public health policies and procedures, and shall familiarize themselves with the nature and character of the ship, onboard waste /recycling receptacle stations, and Guest agrees to comply with all such policies and procedures, as well as environmental laws and regulations.
(g) Carnival may deny boarding to any persons with  certain enumerated crimes on their record, which include but are not limited to aggravated assault (including aggravated domestic violence), murder, robbery, sexual assault, and other sexual offenses. Carnival reserves the right to access public records containing information about any criminal convictions and/or crimes to which Guest has pleaded guilty as part of its Guest screening process, including obtaining a consumer background report showing such criminal pleas and convictions from a credit reporting agency and to deny embarkation at any time to any person who has been convicted of any of or pleaded guilty to any of the crimes enumerated above. Carnival may also deny boarding to any persons who have violated Carnival’s Code of Conduct in the past or persons whom Carnival deems to be a concern for the safety or wellbeing of other guests or crew. Guest hereby consents to Carnival’s accessing public records concerning Guest and obtaining a consumer background report regarding Guest from a credit reporting agency regarding criminal conviction/s and conduct as part of its screening policy.  In the event a denial of boarding: 1) the reservation of the Guest who is denied boarding because of a criminal record, past violation of Carnival’s Code of Conduct, or because of a concern for the safety or wellbeing of other guests or crew, shall be deemed to have been cancelled by the Guest who is denied boarding on the date of the booking of such Guest’s reservation, and subject to the standard cancellation penalties in Section 7 below  and 2) the booking, reservation and ticket contract of any Guest travelling with any person denied boarding due to this screening policy (including, but not limited to, the booking, reservation or ticket contract of those in the same travel party as Guest, whether or not such person was to stay in the same cabin or another cabin with the individual denied boarding) shall be unaffected and cancellation by any of these other Guests will be subject to the standard cancellation penalties in Section 7 below.
(h), Guests must arrive on time at the port and at their designated arrival appointment time. Except as otherwise expressly provided in Carnival’s Cancellation and Refund Policy, no refunds will be made in the event of “no shows”, unused tickets, lost tickets, partially used tickets, or cancellations received late or after the start of the cruise. Guest further acknowledges and agrees that they must debark the vessel as instructed by the crew and at their designated time slot for debarkation. Guests will not be permitted to delay the debarkation process or request late debarkation.
3. YOUR TRAVEL AGENT; CONTACT INFORMATION AND RELEASE
(a) Any travel agent, sales agent, or third party travel company utilized by the Guest in connection with the booking of the cruise, or this contract, is solely the agent of the Guest and not Carnival. Carnival is not responsible for the financial condition or integrity of any travel agent utilized by Guest. In the event that an agent shall fail to remit to Carnival any monies paid to the agent by Guest, Guest shall be and remain liable for  any fare or other amounts due to Carnival, regardless of whether liability is asserted before or after embarkation. Issuance and validity of ticket contract is conditional upon final payment being received by Carnival prior to sailing. Any refund made by Carnival to an agent on behalf of Guest shall be deemed payment to Guest, regardless of whether the monies are delivered by the agent to Guest. Receipt of this ticket contract, any other documentation or notification pertaining to the cruise by Guest’s travel agent shall constitute receipt by Guest.
(b) Guest agrees that any email address, telephone number, or mailing address provided to Carnival during the booking or per-cruise process by or on behalf of such Guest (“Provided Contact Information”) may be used by Carnival as the email address, telephone number, or mailing address for such Guest, whether or not the Provided Contact Information in fact includes Guest’s individual email address, telephone number, or mailing address.  Guest consents to and agrees that Carnival may use the Provided Contact Information to give any notice or information relating to Guest’s reservation, booking, or ticket contract and that Carnival’s sending of any notice or information by use of the Provided Contact Information shall constitute notice to Guest.  Guest further consents to and agrees that Carnival may communicate with any person contacting Carnival from any Provided Contact Information concerning Guest’s reservation, booking, or ticket contract. GUEST HEREBY RELEASES AND FOREVER DISCHARGES CARNIVAL, AND CARNIVAL’S EMPLOYEES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, AGENTS AND CONTRACTORS, FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, DEMANDS, DAMAGES, ACTIONS, CAUSES OF ACTIONS OR SUITS ARISING OUT OF, OR RELATED TO: 1) CARNIVAL’S USE OF THE PROVIDED CONTACT INFORMATION TO PROVIDE NOTICES OR INFORMATION TO GUEST, OR; 2) CARNIVAL’S COMMUNICATING WITH ANY PERSON CONTACTING CARNIVAL FROM THE PROVIDED CONTACT INFORMATION CONCERNING GUEST’S RESERVATION, BOOKING, OR TICKET CONTRACT.
4. BAGGAGE, PERSONAL PROPERTY, PROHIBITED ITEMS, AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
(a) Each fully paid adult Guest will be allowed a reasonable amount of luggage on board containing their personal belongings. Luggage means only trunks, valises, satchels, bags, hangers and bundles with their contents consisting of only such wearing apparel, toilet articles and similar personal effects as are necessary and appropriate for the purpose of the journey. Carnival reserves the right to inspect all luggage for the safety and security of the Vessel and deny any such luggage it deems unreasonable or unsafe.
(b) You agree that Carnival's liability as a Carrier for loss or damage to baggage is limited to US $250 per bag per Guest up to a maximum of two (2) bags per Guest for sailings 14 days or less and up to a maximum of three (3) bags per Guest for sailings 15 days or longer. Carnival shall not be liable for any loss or theft of or damage to or disposition of cash, securities, negotiable instruments, jewelry, gold, silver or similar valuables or precious stones, works of art, electronics, computers (whether handheld, laptop or other), DVD/Blu-ray players or digital or flash drive computer equipment, disks, memory cards or other electronic storage, handheld or similar devices, cellular telephones, cameras, video or audio tapes, CDs, binoculars, recreational equipment, dental hardware, cosmetics, electric hair appliances, liquids, luggage locks, eyewear (including eyeglasses, sunglasses and contact lenses), hearing aids, medications, medical equipment, wheelchairs, scooters, liquor or other alcoholic beverages, cigarettes, tobacco products or business or other documents under any circumstances, whether carried within Guest’s luggage or otherwise. Use of any stateroom safe will not increase Carnival’s liability as provided in this Ticket Contract.
(c) No tools of trade, household goods, presents and/or property of others, jewelry, money, cameras, documents, valuables of any description including but not limited to such articles as are described in Title 46 of the United States Code section 30503 shall be carried except under and subject to the terms of a special written contract or Bill of Lading entered into with Carnival prior to embarkation upon application of the Guest. The Guest warrants that no such articles are contained in any receptacle or container presented by him as baggage hereunder, and if any such articles are shipped in the Guest’s baggage in breach of this warranty, no liability for negligence, gross or ordinary, shall attach to Carnival for any loss or damage thereto.
(d) Carnival shall not be liable for: (1) Guest’s failure to comply with the requirements set forth in this clause (2) any loss or damage before baggage comes into Carnival’s actual custody on board or after baggage leaves Carnival’s actual custody on board, including, but not limited to, loss or damage by airlines or other transportation services; (3) any loss or damage of baggage while not in the actual possession, custody and control of Carnival; (4) damage due to wear, tear or normal usage; (5) any loss or damage of perishable items, medicine, liquor, cash, securities or other financial instruments, or (6) any loss or damage while in the custody and control of stevedores.
(e) No Guest is permitted to bring on board the Vessel live animals (other than qualified service dogs, with not less than 14 days advance notice given to Carnival). Guest will be solely responsible for any and all damage and/or loss caused by service dogs.
(f) Weapons, knives, firearms, contraband, ammunition, explosives, incendiary devices, or other dangerous items are strictly prohibited aboard the Vessel. Carnival reserves the right to confiscate, destroy and/or turn over to authorities these or any other items it deems in its sole discretion to be detrimental to the safety or comfort of any person or which are otherwise improperly in the possession of any Guest. Each Guest warrants that no such articles are contained in any receptacle or container carried or presented as baggage. Alcoholic beverages are prohibited except as provided for in Section 9.
(g) Marijuana and cannabis, and any and all marijuana and/or cannabis derivatives, and all illegal controlled substances are strictly prohibited and may not be brought on board any Carnival vessel. Marijuana and all marijuana and cannabis derivatives are strictly prohibited from Carnival’s vessels, even if they are legal in some states or jurisdictions. Guest hereby expressly agrees that Carnival has, at all times with or without notice, the right to search Guest’s cabin and baggage and/or personal effects for any prohibited items including but not limited to drugs, weapons, and other contraband, at any location, to ensure compliance with these and other restrictions. Guests and their luggage will be routinely and randomly screened by security personnel and screening tools and equipment, including narcotics and contraband sniffing dogs during embarkation, at ports of call and on board. Any Guest who refuses any such search or screening, or any Guest traveling with such items and/or attempting to board the Vessel with any such items, may be denied boarding or reboarding and/or disembarked and no refund of any portion of the the Total Cruise Price will be issued. Guest will be solely responsible for any and all damage and/or loss caused by his violation of this policy.
5. PUBLIC HEALTH PRACTICES AND PROCEDURES; UNDERSTANDING AND ACCEPTANCE OF RISKS
GUESTS ARE ENCOURAGED TO DISCUSS THE ADVISABILITY OF TRAVEL WITH THEIR PHYSICIAN AND TO REVIEW THE U.S. CENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL AND PREVENTION (“CDC”) WEBSITE FOR UPDATED INFORMATION. GUEST ACKNOWLEDGES, UNDERSTANDS AND ACCEPTS THAT WHILE ABOARD THE VESSEL, IN TERMINALS AND BOARDING AREAS, OR DURING ACTIVITIES ASHORE AND/ OR WHILE TRAVELING TO OR FROM THE VESSEL, THE GUEST OR OTHER GUESTS MAY BE EXPOSED TO COMMUNICABLE ILLNESSES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO COVID-19, INFLUENZA, COLDS AND NOROVIRUS. GUEST FURTHER UNDERSTANDS AND ACCEPTS THAT THE RISK OF EXPOSURES TO THESE COMMUNICABLE ILLNESSES AND OTHERS IS INHERENT IN MOST ACTIVITIES WHERE PEOPLE INTERACT OR SHARE COMMON FACILITIES, ARE BEYOND CARNIVAL’S CONTROL, AND CANNOT BE ELIMINATED UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES. GUEST KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY ACCEPTS THESE RISKS AS PART OF THIS TICKET CONTRACT, INCLUDING THE RISK OF SERIOUS ILLNESS OR DEATH ARISING FROM SUCH EXPOSURES, AND/OR ALL RELATED DAMAGES, LOSS, COSTS AND EXPENSES OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER.
6. NATURE OF CRUISE; FITNESS TO TRAVEL; SPECIAL NEEDS; PREGNANCY AND INFANTS; DISEMBARKATION
(a) The Guest admits a full understanding of the character of the voyage and the Vessel and assumes all risks incident to travel and transportation and handling of Guests and cargo. While at sea or in port the availability of medical care may be limited or delayed. Guest acknowledges that all or part of their voyage may be in areas where medical care and evacuation may not be available. Guest agrees to indemnify and reimburse Carnival in the event Carnival elects to advance the cost of emergency medical care, including medical care provided ashore as well as transportation and/or lodging in connection therewith. Guest acknowledges that their own health insurance will not cover or be applicable to any medical services received on board and that such charges may not be eligible for reimbursement from Guest’s own insurance. Guest acknowledges and agrees that they are solely responsible for all charges related to medical services received onboard and/or at a port of call. Carnival strongly encourages all guests to obtain travel insurance prior to the cruise that can help offset such medical expenses. Guest further acknowledges and agrees that all charges for delivered onboard medical services will be automatically applied to the Guest’s shipboard Sail and Sign® account, even if such charges exceed the limit set on their Sail and Sign® folio.  If Guest is unable to satisfy payment of medical charges on board, Guest agrees that Carnival will be entitled to seek collection of such expenses from the Guest after the cruise. Guests who embark in violation of the Ticket Contract terms assume all associated risks and agree to indemnify and reimburse Carnival for all resulting losses, costs and expenses, including without limitation those related to the Vessel’s deviation from its scheduled route, and other expenses attributable to disembarkation of such Guests. Guests are further advised to refer to Sections 5 and 11 which specify their responsibilities and obligations in these situations.
(b) Carnival’s vessels visit numerous ports in a number of countries. Guests assume responsibility for their own safety and Carnival cannot guarantee Guest’s safety at any time. The United States Department of State, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and other governmental and tourist organizations regularly issue advisories and warnings to travelers and Carnival strongly recommends Guests obtain and consider such information when making travel decisions. Carnival assumes no responsibility for gathering said information.
(c) Guest warrants that Guest and Guest’s travelling party are physically and emotionally fit to travel at the time of embarkation, and further warrants that such Guests have no medical or emotional condition that would endanger any Guest or crewmembers or result in a deviation of the voyage. Any Guest with special medical, physical, or other needs requiring medical attention or special accommodation during the voyage is requested to notify Carnival in writing at the time of booking of such special need. Upon booking the cruise, Guests who have special needs are requested to contact Carnival’s Guest Access Desk (305-599-2600 ext. 70025) to discuss the details of their special needs. Carnival recommends that any Guest who is not self-sufficient travel with a companion who shall take responsibility for any assistance needed during the voyage.  Carnival does not provide one-on-one personal care assistance, and all Guests must be able to provide such care for themselves (e.g., performing personal tasks such as eating, dressing, toileting, bathing, and getting around the ship). Once on board, our crew will not provide any assistance with such personal tasks. Guests are encouraged to contact their treating physician to discuss their health concerns, including pregnancy, before traveling. (See Clause 6(d) below for pregnancy restrictions).
(d) Carnival and the Master each reserves the right to adopt and implement public health protocols, refuse boarding or passage, disembark, or confine to a stateroom any Guest who violates the terms of this ticket contract or Carnival’s policies or any Guest whose physical or mental condition or behavior would be considered, in the sole opinion of the Captain in consultation with the ship's physician, a risk to any Guest or crew member. Guest understands and acknowledges that in addition to the limitations on medical care described in Clause 6(a), prenatal and early infant care, in particular, may require specialized diagnostic facilities and/or treatment that are not available or obtainable during the cruise on board the ship and/or ashore in ports of call. Therefore, any Guest that is unfit to travel, and any Guest who will at any time during the cruise enter her 24th week of estimated gestational age, agrees not to book a cruise or board the ship. Infants must be at least 6 months of age at the time of embarkation in order to sail, however children must be at least 12 months of age at the time of embarkation to sail on the following itineraries: Transoceanic voyages and remote itineraries, where there are more than 2 consecutive sea days. Carnival and the Master reserve the right to disembark any unfit Guest or any Guest whose behavior affects the comfort, enjoyment, safety or wellbeing of other Guests or crew members.  Guests disembarked in such circumstances shall be liable as set forth in Sections 2, 9 and 11. Carnival reserves the right to debark, deny boarding, or cancel the reservation without refund, compensation, or payment of any Guest who is unfit to travel and/or who will be in excess of their 23rd week of gestation at time of sailing, except as set forth in Carnival’s cancellation policy described in Section 7 below, based on the timing of such cancellation.
7. CANCELLATION BY GUEST, REFUNDS
Guests must arrive on time at the port and at their designated boarding appointment time. Except as otherwise expressly provided in Carnival’s Cancellation and Refund Policy, no refunds will be made in the event of “no shows”, unused tickets, lost tickets, partially used tickets, or cancellations received late or after the start of the cruise. Carnival strongly recommends the purchase of trip cancellation insurance that includes coverage for travel cancellation or interruptions.
Cancellation charges for all  bookings will be assessed as listed below. Guests who have made reservations for multiple occupancy cabins (for example for three, four, or five persons) are subject to the cancellation charges and schedule below for the entire cabin reservation, even if Guest does not cancel his or her individual reservation and even if the names of all persons to be in the same cabin as Guest are not provided at the time of booking. Guests whose embarkation is denied under Section 2(g) above (related to background checks and conduct) are also subject to the cancellation schedule below as are Guests who have made bookings as part of the same travelling party as a Guest who is denied embarkation, as set forth under Section 2(g) above.
Guest agrees that any losses sustained by Carnival in the event of cancellation would be very difficult or impossible to quantify, and the cancellation fees are fair and reasonable as liquidated damages.
Days Prior to Departure Date
Cancellation Charge (Per Guest)*
2-5 day cruises (excluding all Alaskan, European, Transatlantic, and Panama Canal cruises):
Up to 76 days
None (except Cruise Charges with non-refundable payments*)
75 to 56 days
Deposit
55 to 30 days
Deposit or 50% of Total Fare, whichever is greater
29 to 15 days
Deposit or 75% of Total Fare, whichever is greater
14 days or less
100% of Total Fare
6 day or longer cruises, as well as all Alaskan, European, Transatlantic, and Panama Canal
                        cruises:
Up to 91 days
None (except Cruise Charges with non-refundable payments*)
90 to 56 days
Deposit
55 to 30 days
Deposit or 50% of Total Fare, whichever is greater
29 to 15 days
Deposit or 75% of Total Fare, whichever is greater
14 days or less
100% of Total Fare
Total Fare is defined as Cruise Charges, Transfer Services, Pre/Post Cruise Vacation Packages and Air Supplements (excluding Restricted Air which is non-refundable any time after booking). Government Taxes and Fees, as shown on your cruise invoice, as well as any prepaid Service Gratuity, will not be subject to a cancellation penalty and will be refunded in case of cancellation.
*Certain promotional  offers may not be listed on this page, please refer to the terms and conditions of your specific promotion for more details. A full ship charter and a group contract other than this Ticket Contract may specify their own cancellation charge schedule.
Except as otherwise provided in Carnival’s Cancellation and Refund Policy, the deposit under Early Saver is non-refundable. All cancellations that occur prior to final payment due date will receive a non-refundable and non-transferable future cruise credit, redeemable for US dollars bookings, in the amount of the deposit less a $50 per person service fee. The future cruise credit must be used for a new reservation made within 12 months from the date of cancellation, is applicable to any Carnival Cruise Line sailing available in US dollars and can only be applied to the price of your future cruise. Any unused portion will be forfeited.
8. CARNIVAL’S RIGHT TO INCREASE FARES, INCREASE OR ESTABLISH CHARGES FOR GOODS AND SERVICES, CANCEL OR CHANGE VOYAGE, AND CHANGE STATEROOM ASSIGNMENTS AND TO PERFORM CONSTRUCTION OR REPAIRS, LIMITATIONS ON VACATION PROTECTION PRODUCTS
(a) Subject to applicable laws, Carnival reserves the right to increase published fares and air fare supplements without prior notice. However, fully paid or deposited Guests will be protected, except for fares listed, quoted, advertised or booked in error, other  changes to deposit, payment and cancellation terms/conditions, which are subject to change without notice at any time prior to the Guest receiving a confirmed booking. In the event that a cruise fare listed, quoted or advertised through any website, Carnival sales person, travel agent or any other source is booked but is incorrect due to an electronic error, typographical error, human error or any other error causing the fare to be listed, quoted or advertised for an amount not intended by Carnival, Carnival reserves the right to correct the erroneous fare by requesting the Guest to pay the correct fare intended (and associated fees, expenses and taxes), or by canceling the cruise in exchange for a full refund, but in no event shall Carnival be obligated to honor any such booking resulting from the error or otherwise be liable in such circumstances.
(b) Carnival reserves the right to offer promotional cruise fares that require a minimum occupancy requirement per cabin. When the booked cruise fare is contingent on a minimum occupancy requirement per cabin, cancellation by one or more Guests in a cabin may cause an adjustment to the remaining Guests booked cruise fare based on the prevailing and available rate at the time of the cancellation (“recalculated fare”). Final payment in full of the recalculated fares (and associated fees, expenses and taxes) for all remaining Guests in a cabin is due by 11:59:59 p.m. EST on the eve before the start of the cancellation penalty period. Failure to make timely final payment in full of the recalculated total price by all remaining Guests in a cabin will result in automatic cancellation of the reservation for the entire cabin.
(c) Carnival has the right, without previous notice to the Guest, to cancel this contract at the port of embarkation or at any time during the voyage. In the event a voyage is canceled or terminated early due to a mechanical failure of the Vessel, Guest is entitled to their Total Cruise Price, or a proportional share thereof as determined by Carnival, in addition to transportation to the Vessel’s scheduled port of disembarkation or Guest’s home city, at Carnival’s discretion and expense, as well as necessary lodging at the unscheduled port of disembarkation, if required, at Carnival’s expense. In the event a voyage is canceled or shortened for any reason other than a mechanical failure of the Vessel, Guest shall be entitled to a Future Cruise Credit or an Onboard Credit equal to their Total Cruise Price paid or a proportional part thereof, as determined by Carnival, and Carnival shall have no further liability for damages or compensation of any kind.
(d) Carnival may change the duration and/or itinerary of the cruise at any time. The Vessel shall be entitled to leave and enter ports with or without pilots or tugs, to tow and assist other vessels in any circumstances, to return to or enter any port at the Master’s discretion and for any purpose, and to deviate in any direction or for any purpose from the direct or usual course, and to omit or change any or all port calls, arrival or departure times, with or without notice, for any reason whatsoever, including but not limited to health and safety, security, adverse weather, hurricanes, tornadoes, strikes, tides, hostilities, civil unrest, port closings, emergency debarkations of Guests or crew, late air, sea, car or motor coach departures or arrivals, mechanical breakdowns, declared pandemics, public health emergencies or outbreak of communicable disease, quarantines, national or regional emergencies, US or foreign governmental advisories or travel warnings, all such deviations being considered as forming part of and included in the proposed voyage. Except as provided in Clause 8(c) with respect to mechanical failures, as provided in Carnival’s change of itinerary policy in effect when the Guest or Guest’s agent accepts the terms of this Ticket Contract, or as required by federal regulations, Carnival shall have no liability for any compensation or other damages in such circumstances for any change in itinerary, ports of call, ports of embarkation and debarkation, and/or duration of the cruise (including a longer than planned duration of the cruise due to port closings) (Carnival’s change of itinerary policy can be found at
Carnival's
            Website
(opens a new window)
or at Carnival's
FAQs
(opens a new window)
Page).
(e) Except as provided in Clause 8(c) with respect to mechanical failures, or as required by federal regulations, if the performance of the proposed voyage is hindered or prevented (or in the opinion of Carnival or the Master is likely to be hindered or prevented) by war, hostilities, blockage, ice, labor conflicts, adverse weather conditions, strikes on board or ashore, restraint of Princes, Rulers or People (including but not limited to orders by governmental agencies restricting travel due to declared pandemics, public health emergencies or outbreak of communicable disease, quarantines, national or regional emergencies) seizure under legal process, breakdown of the Vessel, congestion, docking difficulties or any other cause whatsoever or if Carnival or the Master considers that for any reason whatsoever, proceeding to, attempting to enter, or entering or remaining at the port of Guest’s destination may expose the Vessel to risk or loss or damage or be likely to delay her, the Guest and his baggage may be landed at the port of embarkation or at any port or place at which the Vessel may call, at which time the responsibility of Carnival shall cease and this contract shall be deemed to have been fully performed, or if the Guest has not embarked, Carnival may cancel the proposed voyage without liability to refund passage money or charges or fares paid in advance.
(f) Carnival and the Master shall have liberty to comply with any orders, recommendations or directions whatsoever given by the Government or Department of any nation or by any person acting or purporting to act with the authority of such Government or Department or by any Committee or person having under the terms of the War Risks Insurance on the Vessel the right to give such orders, recommendations or directions, and if by reason of, and in compliance with any such orders, recommendations or directions anything is done or is not done the same shall not be deemed a deviation or a breach of this contract. Disembarkation of any Guest or discharge of baggage in accordance with such orders, recommendations or directions shall constitute due and proper fulfillment of the obligation of Carnival under this Contract.
(g) Specific stateroom assignments are not guaranteed. Carnival reserves the right to move Guests to a comparable stateroom for any reason, including but not limited to, instances in which a stateroom is booked with fewer than the maximum number of Guests the stateroom can accommodate; or when a partial Guest cancellation occurs and the remaining number of Guests do not match the maximum number of Guests the stateroom can accommodate.
(h) Guest agrees and acknowledges that Carnival may, at any time and without notice, impose charges for, increase charges for and/or eliminate goods and services voluntarily purchased by Guest, other than what is included in your Cruise Fare, without liability to the Guest. These additional charges are exclusive of your Cruise Fare. The goods and services offered or available during the cruise, may differ from goods and services previously offered or available on prior cruises and/or what was advertised on prior versions of Carnival’s website (Carnival.com), commercials, in other printed media, and/or in prior verbal discussions.
(i) Carnival reserves the right to periodically perform repairs to the Vessel and/or perform construction on the Vessel to alter, amend or remove any appurtenance, amenity, or facility on the Vessel. Guest acknowledges that such repairs, alterations, amendments or removal of any appurtenance may occur during the cruise and agrees that Carnival shall not be liable to Guest for a refund, of any portion of the Total Cruise Price, full, partial or otherwise, nor shall Guest have any legal or equitable cause of action relating thereto.
(j) Guest hereby acknowledges and agrees that Carnival’s “Great Vacation Guarantee” program has been suspended and that Guest is not entitled to any benefit thereof.
(k) Prices of Shore Excursions that take place in The Bahamas are inclusive of a 10% Bahamas value added tax (VAT).
(l) At Carnival’s discretion, Casino Player Bank Balances under $100 that are not claimed prior to casino close on the last morning of the voyage may be refunded back to Guest’s Sail & Sign Onboard. Balances of $25 or more that have not been refunded back to Guest’s Sail & Sign may be sent to the Guest’s address on file.
9. COMPLIANCE WITH RULES, SOLICITATION, SMOKING, DRINKING, ILLEGAL ACTIVITY, SEARCHES, DISRUPTIVE BEHAVIOR, BEVERAGE POLICY AND ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY
(a) Guest agrees during the course of the voyage to follow the directions of the ship’s Master, or his authorized officer. Guest further agrees to abide by all shipboard rules and policies. Guests shall not solicit anyone on the Vessel for any commercial, professional, illegal, or illicit purposes. Guest agrees that any violation of this or any Clause in the ticket contract may subject Guest to disembarkation with no refund to the Guest and any such actions may cause Guest to be prohibited from sailing with Carnival in the future.
(b) Guest acknowledges that smoking is only permitted in designated areas. Guest agrees to refrain from smoking in non-designated areas and agrees that Carnival has the right to assess up to a $500 charge, per violation, and to disembark the Guest for failure to observe
Carnival's
            Tobacco and Marijuana Smoking Policy ("Smoking Policy")
(opens a new
                window)
with no refund to the Guest.
(c) Any and all forms of smoking, including but not limited to, cigarettes, cigars, pipes, vaporizers, and electronic cigarettes are strictly prohibited on board Carnival’s vessels except in specific designated exterior deck areas and designated casino/night club spaces. All staterooms and suite accommodations, including the outside balconies, are NON-SMOKING. In accordance with
Carnival's
            Smoking Policy
(opens a new window)
any marijuana possession or use is strictly prohibited on all Carnival ships at all times, regardless of local, state, or other laws which might permit use or possession of marijuana. Carnival abides by U.S. Federal Law which prohibits the possession or use of marijuana on its ships for any reason. Any Guest who brings marijuana or any illegal controlled substances on board, in violation of Carnival’s policy or U.S. or international law, including any law of a port or the flag state, will be reported to local and/or Federal authorities and U.S. Customs & Border Protection for possible detainment and/or enforcement action. Carnival may deny boarding or disembark any Guest who brings or attempts to bring marijuana or any illegal substance on board with no refund to Guest and at Guest’s own expense for repatriation and travel. Guest agrees to strictly comply with Carnival’s Smoking Policy. Guest further agrees that any violation of Carnival’s Smoking Policy would also cause Carnival to incur damages, including but not limited to, loss of Guest goodwill, revenue, cleaning, maintenance, fines and/or other costs. Any evidence of smoking in a stateroom or balcony, e.g.; smoke smell/residue, butts, ashes, upholstery/furniture burns, tampering of the smoke alarm, will constitute a violation of
Carnival's
            Smoking Policy
(opens a new window)
. Guests who violate our Smoking Policy will be assessed a $500 charge, per violation, on the Guest’s Sail & Sign® account, and may also result in the disembarkation of all Guests in the stateroom. Fines will be assessed in the functional currency of the Vessel which might be different than the currency used to secure the booking. Such Guests will be solely responsible for all resulting financial penalties and expenses to return home, and no portion of their Total  Cruise Price will be refunded. Guest further acknowledges and agrees that any violation of this policy shall, in the sole discretion of Carnival, constitute a material breach of this cruise contract. In the event of such breach, Guest forfeits all rights hereunder, including the right to remain on board. Carnival reserves the right to disembark Guest(s), at any port, as determined by Carnival. Carnival shall not be liable for any refund or other compensation or damages whatsoever to any Guest disembarked pursuant to this provision, or who disembarks because another Guest is so disembarked. Such Guests may also be prohibited from sailing with Carnival in the future.
(d) Guest agrees, in all ports of call, to return to the Vessel or pre-boarding location in accordance with instructions given by the Vessel’s Master or his authorized officer. Guest further acknowledges that shipboard and shore side clocks may have different times, but it is Guest’s responsibility to return to the Vessel or pre-boarding location so as not to miss Vessel’s departure. Any costs associated with transporting Guest to rejoin the Vessel including, but not limited to, governmental fees, visa fees, subsistence, lodging, air fare, launch fare, car hire or agency fees shall be for the account of Guest. The Guest shall be liable to and shall reimburse Carnival or the Master for any fines or penalties imposed on Carnival by any government, governmental or regulatory agency, entity, or official, port or port official, or for expenses or losses caused or incurred for Guest’s intentional or negligent act or omission, including but not limited to, criminal or disruptive behavior by the Guest onboard or Guest’s failure to board the ship prior to the scheduled departure time at any port.
(e) Carnival has a “zero tolerance” policy toward any illegal activity or behavior by Guests or crew aboard. Guest agrees to comply with this policy and further acknowledges that it is Carnival’s policy to report incidents of illegal activity or behavior to the appropriate law enforcement authorities. Carnival will cooperate with relevant authorities in any civil or criminal proceedings sought by those agencies. For the safety of the Vessel and of other guests and crew, Carnival reserves the right to confine any Guest who commits a crime on board until law enforcement authorities can be contacted and/or board the Vessel.
For safety reasons, Guests are prohibited from bringing alcoholic beverages on board with the following exception: At the beginning of the cruise during embarkation day, Guests (21 years of age and older) may carry on in their hand luggage, one 750 ml bottle of sealed/unopened wine or champagne per person. A $15 corkage fee (a charge exacted at a restaurant for every bottle of wine served that was not bought on the premises), per 750 ml bottle, will be charged should Guests wish to consume their wine or champagne in a main dining room, steakhouse or bar.  Guests are also prohibited from bringing water, sodas and other non-alcoholic beverages on board that are packaged in bottles.  A small quantity of non-alcoholic beverages (i.e., sparkling water, sodas, juice, milk) packaged in cans or cartons may be brought on board on embarkation day, only if carried on in Guests’ hand luggage (not in checked luggage). A small quantity is considered a maximum of 12 sealed, unopened cans/cartons of 12 ounces each or less per person. Any hard liquor, beer, other forms of alcoholic beverage, and non-alcoholic beverages, outside of the exceptions referenced above, are strictly prohibited (in both carry-on and checked luggage) and such items will be confiscated and discarded, and no compensation will be provided. Alcoholic beverages purchased in the Vessel’s gift shops or at a port of call will be retained by Carnival until the end of the voyage. Carnival reserves the right to refuse to serve alcohol to any passenger. Guest acknowledges that the minimum age permitted for the purchase, possession, or consumption of alcoholic beverages aboard Carnival’s vessels is twenty-one (21). Guest agrees to supervise all persons under age twenty-one (21) under Guest’s charge to ensure that they do not violate this, or any other, shipboard regulation. Guests who attempt to purchase alcohol by using false identification or the Sail & Sign® card of a Guest who is twenty-one or older will be deemed in violation of this policy. Any Guest twenty-one or older who attempts to or purchases alcohol for any Guest under twenty-one will also be deemed in violation of this policy. Guest agrees that Carnival has the right to disembark any Guest who violates this policy and as well as any adults traveling with minors who violate this policy or any other shipboard regulation.
(f) Compliance with APHIS regulations: To protect U.S. agriculture and natural resources from the introduction and spread of foreign plant and animal pests and diseases please be advised that agricultural products including seeds, soil, live insects, food such as fresh fruit, vegetables and animal products including meat, milk, and eggs must not be brought back to the United States. This food includes meals that were offered during the cruise but were not consumed. If you have in your possession any meals or food, including any fresh fruit, vegetables and animal products such as meat sandwiches, milk, eggs from the ship, you must leave them behind or deposit them in the amnesty bin/food collection bin at the exit during disembarkation.  These items are prohibited entry by U.S. Customs and Border Protection and the U.S. Department of Agriculture. Violations of these prohibitions may result in penalties and fines to the Guest and/or disembarkation without refund.
(g) Tampering with Life Saving Devices: Guest agrees to not tamper with or discard overboard any life saving device such as, but not limited to; life rings and life jackets, unless in an emergency or instructed to do so by the ship’s master. Tampering with life-saving devices may result in a fine to the Guest and/or disembarkation without refund.
(h) Guest agrees not to engage in any lewd, lascivious, indecent, obscene, offensive, or outrageous behavior while on board and specifically agrees that violation of this policy may result in confinement or debarkation from the Vessel with no refund to the Guest and at Guest’s own expense for repatriation and travel. Furthermore, all guests should ensure their clothing and accessories are respectful to fellow guests. Specifically, items worn during the cruise should not contain any message that may be considered offensive or contain nudity, profanity, sexual innuendo/suggestions. In addition, clothing/accessories should not promote negative ethnic or racial commentary, or hatred or violence in any form. Violation of this policy may result in Guest’s disembarkation with no refund of any portion of their Total Cruise Price.
(i) All guests must adhere to Carnival’s environmental policy as follows: Any dumping or pollution of any kind including discharge of any item into the ocean and/or waterways is strictly prohibited. Guest will be strictly liable for any illegal dumping or pollution. Any willful or negligent act of discharging or releasing any unauthorized item overboard, without the express permission of the ship's staff may result in a $500 charge, per violation, posted to Guest’s Sail & Sign
®
account. Fines will be imposed using the functional currency of the Vessel, which may be different than the form of currency used to secure the booking. Additionally, Guest will be charged the reimbursement cost of any unauthorized discharged property belonging to Carnival and such charge will be posted to Guest’s Sail & Sign
®
account. Guest shall also be responsible for any fines or penalties imposed on Carnival by any government, governmental agency or official, port or port official, or for expenses or losses caused or incurred for Guest’s violation of this policy. Violation of this policy may result in the disembarkation of all guests in the stateroom. Guests who are disembarked for violating our environmental policy will be responsible for all financial charges and expenses to return home, and no refund of any portion of their unused Total Cruise Price will be provided. Additionally, they may be prohibited from sailing with Carnival Cruise Line in the future.
(j) Consistent with our commitment to safety and our “zero tolerance” policy set forth in Section 9(e) above, any illegal activity or disruptive behavior will not be tolerated. Guest agrees to follow Carnival’s Code of Conduct at all times. Any Guest whose conduct affects the comfort, enjoyment, safety, or well-being of other guests or crew will be detained onboard and/or disembarked at their own expense and will be prohibited from sailing with Carnival in the future. Any violation of our “zero tolerance” policy or Code of Conduct is a breach of the Ticket Contract, for which Guest agrees to pay Carnival liquidated damages of $500, to be charged to the Guest’s Sail and Sign® account without further notice or consent, representing the reputational and goodwill damages and injury to Carnival for Guest’s violations.  In addition, Guest or Guest’s estate agrees to defend and indemnify Carnival and the Vessel, their servants and agents against liability which Carnival or the Vessel or such servants or agents may incur towards any person, company, or Government for any damage to property, personal injury, or death caused directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, by any illegal activity or disruptive behavior of Guest and those minors traveling with Guest.
(k) Carnival may impose a curfew for minors by requiring Guests under 18 years of age to be clear of all public areas by 1:00 a.m. ship’s time unless they are accompanied by an adult in their traveling party, 21 years of age or older, or they are participating in a Carnival youth program activity.
10. PERSONAL DATA; VIDEO SURVEILLANCE; RIGHT TO SEARCH OR INSPECT; PRIVACY NOTICE AND PUBLIC WIRELESS SERVICES
(a) Carnival may utilize closed circuit television cameras or other surveillance means onboard the Vessel. Guest acknowledges and agrees that such devices may be recording and that videos and images of the Guest may be stored and used as deemed necessary by Carnival to comply with law, applicable regulations, governmental and quasi-governmental requests or orders, or any legal investigation or claims process.
(b) Calls made to Carnival, and calls received from Carnival, may be recorded for the purposes of audit, training and the monitoring of services provided by Carnival.
(c) Guest agrees Carnival has, at all times with or without notice, the right to enter and search Guest’s stateroom, personal safe or storage spaces, or to search or screen any Guest, and/or personal effects, at any location, to ensure compliance with any of the restrictions set forth in this agreement. Any Guest who refuses any such search or screening may be denied boarding or disembarked and no refund of the any portion of the Total Cruise Price will be issued.
(d) The personal data Guest provides to Carnival, or which is obtained through Guest’s dealings with Carnival or with its affiliates, will be processed in accordance with Carnival privacy notice, which describes how personal data may be processed, and which is available on the Carnival website. Carnival may from time to time change its privacy notice; you can find the up-to-date privacy notice on the
Privacy Notice page
(opens a new window)
or by writing to the address given below. Guests may provide personal data to Carnival that may include names, postal or email addresses, date of birth, passport information, financial account, telephone numbers, likenesses, photographs or other information which would identify Guests personally. Guests may also provide Carnival or others certain sensitive data such as health, medical, dietary, religious, gender or sexual orientation information. Guest agrees that Carnival may (1) keep their personal and sensitive data, (2) use it in its business worldwide in accordance with its published privacy notice, (3) share it with its affiliated or related companies and (4) subject it to processing worldwide provided Carnival’s safeguards are used.  Guest agrees that any personal or sensitive data provided to Carnival in the European Economic Area may be used, processed and transferred worldwide including to the U.S.
(e) Guest agrees that Carnival may disclose personal or sensitive data to unaffiliated third parties (1) with the Guest’s consent or authorization, (2) to help complete a transaction for the Guest, (3) to comply with law, applicable regulations, governmental and quasi-governmental requests, orders or legal process, (4) to enforce this or other agreements or protect the rights, safety or property of Carnival or others, (5) as part of a purchase, sale, or transfer of assets or our business, (6) to Carnival’s agents or service providers to perform functions on its behalf, or (7) as otherwise described in Carnival’s published privacy notice, as amended from time to time.
(f) Carnival may, but will not be required to, make wireless access to the Internet or access to wireless telephone services ("Wireless Services") available to Guests on board either directly or through a third-party service provider. All Guests agree that use of Wireless Services is at their own risk and that Carnival shall not be liable to Guests in any manner for claims, losses or damages resulting therefrom.  Guests’ use of Wireless Services onboard is public; privacy of any information sent or received is not guaranteed.  Personal data may be available to third-party service providers and Carnival is not liable under any circumstances for any lack of privacy while using Wireless Services. Guest agrees that Carnival has the right, but not the obligation to monitor, record, intercept and disclose any transmissions over or using Wireless Services aboard the Vessel, and to provide billing, account, or use records, and related information relating to all Wireless Services as it deems appropriate in its sole discretion (for example, in response to lawful process, orders, subpoenas, or warrants, or to protect Carnival's rights, passengers or property). All Guests agree that their use of Wireless Services is governed by Carnival's Terms and Conditions of Wireless Services [contained in your Folio or available upon connection to the internet] in addition to and any terms and conditions imposed by a third-party Wireless Services provider.
(g) Carnival may use facial recognition technology to enable embarkation, debarkation, at entry and exit of the Vessel at ports of call, on all photos taken by Carnival during Guest's voyage, as well as those photos Guest uploads to Carnival's mobile app. Carnival will delete facial biometric identifiers following completion of the voyage, prior to a subsequent voyage. All un-identified photos will be deleted within thirty (30) days after the end of each voyage or earlier upon request. Any photos that have been identified and linked to Guest's Sail and Sign® Guest ID will be retained for two (2) years to enable guest access and purchase of photos and photo memorabilia after the end of the voyage. Photos may be deleted earlier upon request.  Carnival does not share facial recognition records with any third parties outside of the Carnival Corporation & plc group of companies. For more information about facial recognition technology, please email Carnival at
dpo@carnival.com
.
11. GUEST’S REIMBURSEMENT FOR FINES, EXPENSES, DEBTS AND DAMAGES
(a) The Guest shall be liable to and shall reimburse Carnival or the Master for any fines or penalties imposed on Carnival by any government, governmental agency or official, port or port official, or for expenses or losses caused or incurred for Guest’s negligent or intentional act or omission or Guest’s failure to observe or comply with local requirements in respect of immigration, border patrol, customs and excise, agriculture, health, environment or any other government regulation whatsoever, including Guest’s failure to board the ship prior to the scheduled departure time at any port, and the Guest shall be liable for any and all losses and fines caused by their actions in regards to illegal dumping or pollution of any kind, including discharge of any item into the ocean and/or waterways. For Guests who embark the Vessel in violation of the ticket contract terms, any/all resulting damages, losses, costs, expenses, credits, refunds and related claims, including without limitation those related to a deviation of the Vessel to disembark such Guests, shall be the sole responsibility of the Guest.
(b) The Guest or Guest’s estate shall be liable to and shall reimburse Carnival for all deviation expenses (including loss of revenue), fines or penalties, damages to the Vessel, its furnishings, operations or equipment, or any property of Carnival caused directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, by any misconduct, willful or negligent act or omission on the part of the Guest or any minors traveling with the Guest, including discharge and release of any unauthorized item overboard, without the express permission of the ship’s staff. The Guest or Guest’s estate shall defend and indemnify Carnival and the Vessel, their servants and agents against liability which Carnival or the Vessel or such servants or agents may incur towards any person, company or Government for any damage to property, personal injury or death caused directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, by any misconduct, willful or negligent act or omission on the part of the Guest or minors traveling with Guest.
(c) Carnival and the Vessel shall have a lien upon all baggage, money and other property whatsoever accompanying the Guest and the right to sell the same by public auction or otherwise for all sums whatsoever due from the Guest under this Contract and for the costs and expenses of enforcing such lien and such sale.
12. INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS, SHORE EXCURSIONS, AND OTHER SERVICES
(a) Guest acknowledges that all shore excursions/tours (whether conducted in the water, on land or by air), airline flights and ground transportation, as well as the ship’s physician, and on board concessions (including but not limited to, the gift shops, spa, beauty salon, fitness center, golf and art programs, video/snorkel concession) are either operated by or are independent contractors. Guest understands and accepts that Carnival may prohibit Guest from going ashore in any port of call, and/or or limit Guests going ashore to specific activities or excursions authorized by Carnival, for public health-related reasons in its sole discretion. Even though Carnival shall be entitled to collect a fee and earn a profit from the ticketing or sale of such services by such persons or entities, Carnival neither supervises nor controls their actions, nor makes any representation either expressed or implied as to their suitability. Carnival, in arranging for the services called for by the physician or nurse, all on board concessions, all shore excursion/tour tickets, all pre-cruise and post-cruise airline flights or other transportation off of the ship and its water shuttles, does so only as a convenience for the Guest. Guest agrees that Carnival assumes no responsibility, does not guarantee performance and in no event shall be liable for any negligent or intentional acts or omissions, loss, damage, injury, or delay to Guest and/or Guest’s baggage, property or effects in connection with said services. Guests use the services of all independent contractors at the Guest’s sole risk. Independent contractors are entitled to make a proper charge for any service performed with respect to a Guest.
(b) Guest acknowledges that some of the ship’s personnel are employees of independent contractors and not employees of Carnival, and that Carnival is not responsible for their actions. Ship’s personnel that are independent contractors include, but are not limited to; spa employees, masseuses, barbers, hairdressers, manicurists, fitness or golf instructors videographers, art auctioneers, gift shop personnel, shopping guides, wedding planners or other providers of personal services. Guest further acknowledges that although independent contractors or their employees may use signage or clothing which contains the name “Carnival” or other related trade names or logos, the independent contractor status remains unchanged. Independent contractors, their employees and assistants are not agents, servants or employees of Carnival and have no authority to act on behalf of Carnival.
(c) Although Carnival may have contracts, concessionaire agreements, and/or independent contractor agreements with the above-mentioned service providers and contractors. Guest hereby acknowledges and agrees that Guests are not intended third-party beneficiaries of any such contracts and Guests have no right to assert themselves as third party beneficiaries of such contracts or agreements.
13. LIMITATIONS OF CARNIVAL’S LIABILITY
(a) In consideration for the Cruise Fare paid, it is agreed that Carnival shall not be held vicariously liable for the intentional or negligent acts of any persons not employed by Carnival nor for any intentional or negligent acts of Carnival’s employees committed while off duty or outside the course and scope of their employment. Passenger assumes the risk of injury, death, illness or other loss and Carnival is not responsible for the negligence or wrongdoing of any independent contractors or sub-contractors.
(b) In consideration for the Cruise Fare paid, it is agreed that Carnival shall have no liability as a consequence of Guest's use of ship's athletic or recreational equipment or as a consequence of Guest's decision to participate in any athletic or recreational activity or event.
(c) On international cruises which neither embark, disembark nor call at any U.S. port and where the Guest commences the cruise by embarkation or disembarks at the end of the Cruise in a port of a European Member State, Carnival shall be entitled to any and all liability limitations and immunities for loss of or damage to luggage, death and/or personal injury as provided under EU Regulation 392/2009 on the liability of carriers to passengers in the event of accidents. On International cruises that do not embark or disembark in either a port in a European Member State or a US port, and which do not call at any U.S. port, Carnival shall be entitled to any and all liability limitations and immunities for loss of or damage to luggage, death and/or personal injury as provided in the Athens Convention Relating to the Carriage of Passengers and their Luggage by Sea, 1974 and the Protocol of 2002 to the Convention (together, the “Athens Convention).  Unless the loss or damage was caused by a shipping incident, which is defined as a shipwreck, capsizing, collision or stranding of the ship, explosion or fire in the ship, or defect in the ship (as defined by the Regulation), Carnival’s liability is limited to no more than 400,000 Special Drawing Rights (“SDR”) (approximately U.S. $608,000, which fluctuates depending on the daily exchange rate as published in the Wall Street Journal) if the passenger proves that the incident was a result of Carnival’s fault or neglect. If the loss or damage was caused by a shipping incident, Carnival’s liability is limited to no more than 250,000 SDRs (approximately U.S. $380,000, which fluctuates depending on the daily exchange rate as published in the Wall Street Journal). Compensation for loss caused by a shipping incident can increase to a maximum of 400,000 SDRs unless Carnival proves that the shipping incident occurred without Carnival’s fault or neglect. Shipping incidents do not include acts of war, hostilities, civil war, insurrection, natural disasters, or intentional acts or omissions of third parties.  In cases where the loss or damage was caused in connection with war or terrorism, Carnival’s liability for any personal injury or death (whether occurring during a shipping incident or a non-shipping incident) is limited to the lower of 250,000 SDRs per passenger or 340 million SDRs per ship per incident. Punitive damages are not recoverable for cruises covered by EU Regulation 392/2009. For more information on the EU Regulation 392/2009, please see the
Official Journal of the European Union EU Regulation 392/2009 PDF
.
In addition, Guests embarking a cruise in a European Member State port are afforded rights under EU Regulation 1177/2010. For additional information on EU Regulation 392/2009 and EU Regulation 1177/2010, please visit Carnival’s
EU Regulation 392/2009 PDF
and
EU Regulation 1177/2010
                    PDF
(opens a new window)
.
(d) Carnival shall not be liable to the passenger for damages for emotional distress, mental suffering/anguish or psychological injury of any kind under any circumstances, except when such damages were caused by the negligence of Carnival and resulted from the same passenger sustaining actual physical injury, or having been at risk of actual physical injury, or when such damages are held to be intentionally inflicted by Carnival.
(e) In addition to all the restrictions and exemptions from liability provided in this Contract, including under Clause 13(c) for cruises that embark or disembark in a port of a European Member State, on all cruises Carnival shall also have the benefit of all statutes of the United States of America providing for limitation and exoneration from liability and the procedures provide thereby, including but not limited Title 46 of the United States Code sections 30501 through 30509, and 30511. Nothing in this Contract is intended to nor shall it operate to limit or deprive Carnival or any such statutory limitation of or exoneration from liability under any applicable laws.
14. TIME LIMITS FOR CLAIMS, JURISDICTION, VENUE, ARBITRATION AND GOVERNING LAW
(a) Carnival shall not be liable for any claims whatsoever for personal injury, illness or death of the Guest, unless full particulars in writing are given to Carnival within 185 days after the date of the injury, event, illness or death giving rise to the claim. Suit to recover on any such claim shall not be maintainable unless filed within one year after the date of the injury, event, illness or death, and unless served on Carnival within 120 days after filing. Guest expressly waives all other potentially applicable state or federal limitations periods.
(b) Carnival shall not be liable for any claims whatsoever, other than for personal injury, illness or death of the Guest, unless full particulars in writing are given to Carnival within 30 days after the Guest is landed from the Vessel or in the case the Voyage is abandoned, within 30 days thereafter. Legal proceedings to recover on any claim whatsoever other than for personal injury, illness or death shall not be maintainable unless commenced within six months after the date Guest is landed from the Vessel or in the case the Voyage is abandoned, within six months thereafter, and unless served upon Carnival within 120 days after commencement. Guest expressly waives all other potentially applicable state or federal limitation periods for claims which include, but are not limited to, allegations concerning any and all civil rights, the Americans With Disabilities Act (ADA), trade practices and/or advertising.
(c) Except as provided in Clauses 14 (d) and 14(e) below, it is agreed by and between the Guest and Carnival that all disputes and matters whatsoever arising under, in connection with or incident to this Contract or the Guest’s cruise, including travel to and from the Vessel, shall be litigated, if at all, before the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida in Miami, or as to those lawsuits to which the Federal Courts of the United States lack subject matter jurisdiction, before a court located in Miami-Dade County, Florida, U.S.A. to the exclusion of the Courts of any other county, state or country. Guest hereby consents to such exclusive jurisdiction and waives any jurisdictional, venue or other objection that may be available. In the event that a matter is brought in the Federal Courts of the United States and no diversity jurisdiction exists, then the matter must proceed under the Court’s admiralty jurisdiction and Guest may not be allowed a trial by jury. If a matter proceeds under the Court’s admiralty jurisdiction, then Carnival consents to a trial by jury pursuant to Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 39(c).  Guest acknowledges and understands that a Federal Court presiding over the matter under admiralty jurisdiction may not grant a trial by jury despite Carnival and Guest’s request for a trial by jury, and in such event, Guest knowingly and voluntarily waives a trial by jury.
(d) Any and all disputes, claims, or controversies whatsoever, other than for personal injury, illness or death of a Guest (whether brought in personam or in rem or based on contract, tort, statutory, constitutional or other legal rights, including but not limited to alleged violation of civil rights, discrimination, consumer or privacy laws, or for any losses, damages or expenses, relating to or in any way arising out of or connected with this Contract, the booking of the cruise, including but not limited to the booking of Carnival Vacation Protection products, shore excursions, and land and hotel packages, or Guest’s cruise, no matter how described, pleaded or styled, between the Guest and Carnival) in which Guest or any other claimant asserts damages for less than $8,000 (excluding attorney fees, costs, and interest, which are not included to determine the amount at issue) must be litigated if at all before a small claims court located in Miami-Dade County, Florida, U.S.A. to the exclusion of the courts of any other county, state or country.  Guest hereby consents to such exclusive jurisdiction and waives any jurisdictional, venue or other objection that may be otherwise available.
(e) Any and all disputes, claims, or controversies whatsoever, other than for personal injury, illness or death of a Guest (whether brought in personam or in rem or based on contract, tort, statutory, constitutional or other legal rights, including but not limited to alleged violation of civil rights, discrimination, consumer or privacy laws, or for any losses, damages or expenses, relating to or in any way arising out of or connected with this Contract, the booking of the cruise, including but not limited to the booking of Carnival Vacation Protection products, shore excursions, and land and hotel packages, or Guest’s cruise, no matter how described, pleaded or styled, between the Guest and Carnival) in which Guest or any other claimant asserts damages for more than $8,000.00 (excluding attorney fees, costs, and interest, which are not included to determine the amount at issue) shall be referred to and resolved exclusively by binding arbitration pursuant to the United Nations Convention on the Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral Awards (New York 1958), 21 U.S.T. 2517, 330 U.N.T.S. 3, 1970 U.S.T. LEXIS 115, 9 U.S.C. §§ 202-208 (“the Convention”) and the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. §§ 1, et seq., (“FAA”) solely in Miami-Dade County, Florida, U.S.A. to the exclusion of any other forum.  Guest hereby consents to such exclusive jurisdiction and waives any jurisdictional, venue or other objection that may be available to any such arbitration proceeding in Miami-Dade, Florida. The arbitration shall be administered by National Arbitration and Mediation (“NAM”) under its Comprehensive Dispute Resolution Rules and Procedures and the fee schedule in effect at the time of initiating the proceeding with NAM, which are deemed to be incorporated herein by reference.  Each party shall bear their own costs and fees associated with any such filing. If you have a question about the arbitration process or to obtain a current copy of the Comprehensive Dispute Resolution Rules and Procedures and/or fee schedule, you can contact NAM at:  National Arbitration and Mediation, attention Claims Department, 990 Stewart Street, First Floor, Garden City, NY 11530, telephone number (800) 358-2550.
NEITHER PARTY WILL HAVE THE RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL OR TO ENGAGE IN PRE-ARBITRATION DISCOVERY EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THE APPLICABLE ARBITRATION RULES AND HEREIN, OR OTHERWISE TO LITIGATE THE CLAIM IN ANY COURT. THE ARBITRATOR’S DECISION WILL BE FINAL AND BINDING. OTHER RIGHTS THAT GUEST OR CARNIVAL WOULD HAVE IN COURT ALSO MAY NOT BE AVAILABLE IN ARBITRATION. An award rendered by an arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction under the Convention or FAA. Carnival and Guest further agree to permit the taking of a deposition under oath of the Guest asserting the claim, or for whose benefit the claim is asserted, in any such arbitration.  In the event this provision is deemed unenforceable by an arbitrator or court of competent jurisdiction for any reason, then and only then the provisions of Clause 14 (c) above governing venue and jurisdiction shall exclusively apply to any lawsuit involving claims described in this Clause.
(f) Except as expressly provided in Clause 13 (c), any and all disputes whatsoever arising out of or relating to this Contract or Guest’s Cruise as well as the interpretation, applicability and enforcement of this Contract shall be governed exclusively by the general federal maritime law of the United States, without regard to choice of law rules, which replaces, supersedes and preempts any provision of law of any other state or nation, however, the terms of this Contract do not displace non-excludable consumer laws applicable in jurisdictions outside the United States.
15. CLASS ACTION WAIVER
THIS CONTRACT PROVIDES FOR THE EXCLUSIVE RESOLUTION OF DISPUTES THROUGH INDIVIDUAL LEGAL ACTION AND SUPERSEDES ANY LAW ENTITLING GUEST TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION. THIS CLASS ACTION WAIVER PRECLUDES GUEST FROM PARTICIPATING IN OR BEING REPRESENTED IN ANY CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION REGARDING ANY CLAIM BROUGHT UNDER THIS TICKET CONTRACT OR IN CONNECTION WITH GUEST’S CRUISE. EVEN IF APPLICABLE LAW PROVIDES OTHERWISE, GUEST AGREES THAT ANY ARBITRATION OR LAWSUIT AGAINST CARRIER WHATSOEVER SHALL BE LITIGATED BY GUEST INDIVIDUALLY AND NOT AS A MEMBER OF ANY CLASS OR AS PART OF A CLASS ACTION. GUEST EXPRESSLY AGREES TO WAIVE AUTHORITY TO ARBITRATE CLAIMS ON A CLASS ACTION BASIS. IF GUEST’S CLAIM IS SUBJECT TO ARBITRATION UNDER CLAUSE 14(d) ABOVE, THE GUEST FURTHER AGREES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE CLASS ACTION WAIVER IS MATERIAL AND ESSENTIAL TO THE ARBITRATION OF ANY DISPUTES BETWEEN THE PARTIES AND IS NON-SEVERABLE FROM THE AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE CLAIMS. THE VALIDITY AND EFFECT OF THIS CLASS ACTION WAIVER MAY BE DETERMINED ONLY BY A JUDGE OR COURT OF LAW AND NOT BY AN ARBITRATOR. GUEST AGREES THAT THIS SECTION SHALL NOT BE SEVERABLE UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES FROM THE ARBITRATION CLAUSE SET FORTH IN SECTION 14 (d) ABOVE, AND IF FOR ANY REASON THIS CLASS ACTION WAIVER IS UNENFORCEABLE AS TO ANY PARTICULAR CLAIM, THEN AND ONLY THEN SUCH CLAIM SHALL NOT BE SUBJECT TO ARBITRATION. GUEST AGREES THAT CARNIVAL CAN RECEIVE IMMEDIATE JUDICIAL ASSISTANCE TO ENFORCE THIS CLASS ACTION WAIVER.
*This provision does not apply to Australian passengers or affect applicable rights under Australian consumer laws.
16. CARNIVAL’S USE OF GUEST’S LIKENESS
Each Guest grants Carnival and/or its promotional partners the exclusive right to include photographic, video and other visual portrayals of Guest in any medium of any nature whatsoever for any purpose including without limitation trade, advertising, sales, publicity or otherwise, without compensation to Guest, and all rights, title and interest therein (including all worldwide copyrights therein) shall be Carnival’s sole property, free from any claims by Guest or any person deriving any rights or interest from Guest. Each Guest understands and agrees that professional onboard photographers may photograph Guest, and that those photos may be processed, displayed and sold to Guests and others. For additional information regarding Carnival’s use of Guest’s likeness including use of facial recognition technology please refer to Clause 10(g) above.
17. GUEST’S USE OF PHOTOS, VIDEOS OR RECORDINGS PROHIBITED
Guest hereby expressly agrees that he/she will not utilize any tape recording, video, or photograph(s) of himself/herself, any other Guest, crew, or third party on board the Vessel, or depicting the Vessel, its design, equipment, or any part thereof whatsoever, for any commercial purpose or in any media broadcast, or for any other non-private use, without the express written consent of Carnival.  For the privacy of our guests and crew, Guest expressly agrees not to record or video interactions with other guests or crew without their express permission, and Guest further agrees that any use of video, photographic or recording equipment, including cell phones, in the medical center is expressly prohibited. Guest acknowledges that by boarding the Vessel, at any time, Guest irrevocably agrees to this provision, which is a condition precedent to being permitted on board the Vessel and can be enforced by any legal means, including, but not limited to, injunctive relief.
18. GUEST’S OBLIGATIONS FOR EXPENSES OR IF CONFINED, DENIED BOARDING OR DISEMBARKED
(a) Guest agrees if Carnival incurs any expense or sustains any damage as delineated in but not limited to Sections 2, 4, 5, 6, 9, 11 and this Clause, that Carnival may charge Guest’s onboard charge account for any expense incurred or damage sustained except as expressly set forth herein or as provided by law.
(b) If Guest is denied boarding, confined to a stateroom, or disembarked from the Vessel pursuant to any provision of this contract, including but not limited to Clauses 2, 4, 5, 6, 9, and 11, Guest agrees, except as expressly set forth herein or as provided by law:
i. Carnival will not be liable for any refund of and portion of the Total Cruise Price other compensation or any damages;
ii. Disembarkation and repatriation to the embarkation port or any other destination will be at Guest’s sole expense; and,
iii. To indemnify Carnival and that Carnival may charge Guest’s on-board charge account for any and all expenses incurred by Carnival in relation to Guest’s disembarkation and/or repatriation.
IMPORTANT TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NON-CRUISE PORTIONS OF VACATION PACKAGES PLEASE READ CAREFULLY
19.
Please see above for the applicable terms and conditions for the cruise portion of Guest’s vacations.  For avoidance of doubt, and unless specifically contradicted in Clauses 19 through 29, the above terms and conditions, including the terms and conditions in Clauses 12 through 15, which contain important limitations on the rights of guests to assert claims against Carnival , the Vessel, their agents and employees, and others, including forum selection, choice of law, time limitations for filing suit, arbitration, and waiver of jury trial for certain claims, cover Carrier’s Carnival vacation protection products, shore excursions, and  land and hotel packages. The terms and conditions in this paragraph apply only to Carnival’s responsibilities for non-cruise portions of vacation packages. Other terms and conditions with respect to air travel, hotel and other non-cruise activities may be applied by the entities providing those services.
20.
The payment of the required deposit or any partial or full payment for reservation of a land package before or after the cruise shall constitute acceptance and consent to all of the terms and conditions of this Contract and the General Information and Vacation Package Conditions and Restrictions contained on the website for such vacation package and/or the brochures and circulars of the suppliers. These provisions are hereby incorporated by reference in this Contract and vacation package Guests (hereinafter referred to as Guests) are advised to take note of them.
21.
For purposes of this paragraph “CARNIVAL” refers to Carnival Cruise Line, its affiliates, subsidiary companies, agents, servants, and employees. CARNIVAL is the principal tour operator and its responsibility to Guests is limited to the arrangement of all tours and accommodations offered in these vacation packages. CARNIVAL shall not be responsible for personal injuries, death, or property damage, economic loss, inconvenience or delay, consequential damages, or change of itinerary or accommodations incurred by any person or Guest which may occur due to acts or omissions or tortious conduct on the part of any direct or supplemental air carrier, hotel or other suppliers of arrangements and services or other independent contractors, their employees, agents or others not under the direct control of CARNIVAL.
22.
CARNIVAL reserves the right to decline to accept or to reject any person as a Guest, at any time, or to cancel a vacation package due to circumstances beyond the control of CARNIVAL.
23.
CARNIVAL reserves the right to substitute hotels for other hotels in a similar category, to substitute air carriers, and to change schedules without prior notice should circumstances so require.
24.
If a change in the itinerary is needed due to factors or conditions beyond CARNIVAL'S control, no refund or credit will be made, however, CARNIVAL will make an effort to provide accommodations and services of a comparable quality and standard as set forth on the website. Any such change shall not modify the cancellation provisions on the website.  No credit will be allowed, or refund given for any services provided on the website should any such services not be utilized by Participants.
25.
CARNIVAL makes no representations or warranties, implied or otherwise, in regard to the reliability of suppliers or independent contractors, nor does it assume a duty of safety or responsibility for the independent acts of suppliers, independent contractors, their employees or agents.
26.
Vacation packages are non-transferable. Fares shall be deemed to be earned when paid and non-refundable unless otherwise expressly stated in the cancellation provisions on the website.
27.
CARNIVAL shall not be liable for any claims whatsoever other than for personal injury, illness or death, of the Guest unless full particulars thereof in writing are given to CARNIVAL within 30 days after the Guest shall complete the packages, or in the case that the tour is abandoned, within 30 days thereafter. Suit to recover any claim shall not be maintainable in any event unless commenced within six months after the date of the loss.
28.
CARNIVAL shall not be liable for any claims whatsoever for personal injury, or illness or death of the Guest unless full particulars in writing are given to Carnival within 185 days after the date of the injury, event, illness, or death giving rise to the claim. Suit to recover on any such claim shall not be maintainable unless filed within one year after the date of the injury, event, illness or death, and unless served on Carnival within 120 days after filing.
29.
It is agreed by Guest and CARNIVAL that all disputes between Guest and CARNIVAL arising under or in connection with a vacation package shall be litigated, if at all, in and before the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida in Miami-Dade County, Florida, U.S.A., to the exclusion of the courts of any other state or county.
IMPORTANT ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CARNIVAL’S AIR PROGRAMS
30.
Arrangements by CARNIVAL: If you are participating in our FLY2FUN program, or FLY2FUN and Tour package, Carnival will arrange for air transportation from the select home cities offered to an airport near the departure point of your Cruise or Cruise tour and return air transportation from an airport near the termination point of your Cruise or Cruise tour to the home city from which you departed. Please refer to Carnival’s web page for additional information on our FLY2FUN program and destinations. Carnival reserves the right to add or withdraw an air city at any time but will attempt to accommodate those Guests under deposit or final payment. Air bookings are not guaranteed and are subject to air carrier’s availability and restrictions. Guest who purchased the FLY2FUN program will be responsible for securing their own hotel accommodations and will be responsible for hotel, taxes, porterage and transportation between the hotel and the airport/pier.
31.
Schedule Changes/Air Delays: Carnival strives to accommodate each Guest on flights that will ensure timely arrival and boarding of your ship. In the event that weather conditions or other flight changes delay the Guest’s arrival to the ship, Carnival, at its own expense, will make alternate flight, hotel and/or ground transportation arrangements to get the Guest to the port of embarkation in time to board the ship or to the first port of call, without violating the Jones Act. If no viable options are available to join the ship, Guest will be given a Future Cruise Credit to apply towards a future cruise. Carnival reserves the right to change or alter, without notice, flight arrangements in order to meet our ship departure and/or arrival times. Guest will be notified of flight re-accommodations.  If tickets have already been issued, Carnival will adjust your itinerary or air carrier accordingly and will notify Guests of any price adjustments that may be necessary.  If you choose to cancel your flight arrangements or alter your airline schedule in any way once your tickets have been issued you will be responsible for any additional cost or fees resulting from the cancellation or change, which can total up to the full cost of the ticket. If you request Carnival’s assistance with a change in airline arrangements, within 60 days of departure and you purchased FLY2FUN Flexible Fare program, a service fee of $200 USD, or its equivalent in foreign currency, will be levied in addition to any charges imposed by the airlines. If you purchased the FLY2FUN Restricted Fare program and you chose to make a change, all airline-imposed change fees will be levied regardless of when the change is made. If your flights are delayed, refer to
the Fly2Fun Page
(opens a
            new window)
.
32.
Refunds/Seat Assignments/Special Services/Fares/Lost Tickets/Baggage Charges:  Failure to use your FLY2FUN airline ticket/s results in a waiver of its value and any compensation; unused airline tickets are only refundable to Carnival.  Please note that because of changing airline tariffs, your actual air ticket may reflect fares higher or lower than the air add-on or cruise only credit amounts originally quoted. If so, the difference is neither chargeable nor refundable to you; you will be charged the amount originally quoted.  Carnival reserves the right to pass on to the Guest any cancellation or change penalties, which may total up to the amount originally quoted. It is your sole responsibility to re-confirm flight arrangements, within 48 hours of flight departure. Please note that although Carnival Cruise Line can pass requests for seat assignments, special meals and special assistance to the airlines, we cannot guarantee that such requests will be honored. For the best travel experience, we recommend that Guests or their travel agents contact the airlines directly to confirm these requests. Carnival is not responsible for airline schedule changes. Guests are responsible for luggage fees, excess luggage charges as well as any other charges imposed by airlines or airports. For additional information on airline’s baggage charges and fees please refer to
Airline Baggage FAQs
        page
(opens a new window)
, reference against the Travel Information page you received along with your cabin confirmation or the Travel Information page in your cruise document accessed through Manage My Cruise.
33.
Liability and Relationship with Airlines:  If Carnival is unable to arrange for air transportation for any cause beyond Carnival’s control, such as airline capacity controls, air transportation arranged is no longer available, or otherwise fails to materialize, Carnival’s sole liability will be limited to refunding the air add-on paid or cruise only credit. Carnival acts as an independent travel agent, and it is not affiliated with the airline carriers. Carnival books air as a convenience for the Guests. Carnival assumes no liability for any of the airlines’ acts or omissions, including, without limitation, those involving cancellation of flights, schedule changes, re-routings, damage to or delay or loss of baggage, flight delays, equipment failures, accidents, pilot or other staff shortages, overbooking or clerical/system errors. Your rights against the airlines are controlled and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the airline’s ticket and tariffs, and any and all applicable laws and regulations.
IMPORTANT ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR AUTO PAY OPTION
34.
This offer applies only to qualifying cruises, as determined solely by Carnival, where the "Auto Pay" option is made available during the booking process.
35.
This offer is not transferable and may not be combined with other offers.
36.
To be eligible for this offer, Guest must reside in the United States of America and must have a valid credit card associated with their Carnival.com account. Please note that Guests may not be able to use a debit card, PayPal, or ACH from a bank account (e.g., checking or savings account) to make payments under this program. This offer may not be available to every guest and may not be available for all qualifying cruises. In determining eligibility for this offer, Carnival reserves the right to consider, for each transaction, factors including Guest’s payment history and the nature and price of the cruise being reserved. Carnival will not use a credit report to determine eligibility for this offer.
37.
Carnival reserves the right to cancel this offer at any time.
38.
Guest will be charged the full price of the applicable deposit in one initial payment and the remainder in subsequent monthly payments (if the full price, including the Cruise Charges is not evenly divisible, Guest’s final payment amount may be smaller). No interest or finance charges apply to this offer. Any interest, finance charges or fees assessed by the issuer of the payment method to which payments are charged may still apply. Taxes may apply in certain jurisdictions. Each individual payment (both the initial deposit payment and each subsequent monthly payment) will be taxed separately (to the extent required by applicable law) such that total taxes assessed on the Cruise Charges and on taxable Fees under Auto Pay will be the same amount of taxes assessed if the total amount owed on the booking had been paid in full at the time of ticket purchase.
39.
Guest authorizes Carnival to charge each payment to the credit card associated with Guest’s Carnival.com account that was used to make the initial payment or, if Carnival is unable to complete a charge using such credit card, to any other credit card Guest has on file in Guest’s Carnival.com account. Guest agrees to maintain in their Carnival.com account at least one valid credit card that expires no earlier than 20 days after the last payment due date.
40.
Guest may prepay the full remaining balance of their purchase at any time and may also prepay any portion of the remaining balance. If Guest decides to prepay a portion of the remaining balance, then all remaining payments will be recalculated accordingly.
41.
If Carnival is not able to charge any payment to a credit card on file in Guest’s Carnival.com account, Carnival reserves the right to pursue any remedy available, including the right to cancel Guest’s reservation, as well as all remaining Guests in the same cabin. Guest agrees that Carnival and its affiliates have no liability related to the exercise of these remedies.
INTERNATIONAL CRUISE LINE PASSENGER BILL OF RIGHT
The Members of the Cruise Lines International Association are dedicated to the comfort and care of all passengers
        on oceangoing cruises throughout the world.  To fulfill this commitment, our Members have agreed to adopt
        the following set of passenger rights:
The right to disembark a docked ship if essential provisions such as food, water, restroom facilities and
            access to medical care cannot adequately be provided onboard, subject only to the Master’s concern for
            passenger safety and security and customs and immigration requirements of the port.
The right to a full refund for a trip that is canceled due to mechanical failures, or a partial refund for
            voyages that are terminated early due to those failures.
The right to have available on board ships operating beyond rivers or coastal waters full-time, professional
            emergency medical attention, as needed until shore side medical care becomes available.
The right to timely information updates as to any adjustments in the itinerary of the ship in the event of a
            mechanical failure or emergency, as well as timely updates of the status of efforts to address mechanical
            failures.
The right to a ship crew that is properly trained in emergency and evacuation procedures.
The right to an emergency power source in the case of a main generator failure.
The right to transportation to the ship’s scheduled port of disembarkation or the passenger’s
            home
            city in the event a cruise is terminated early due to mechanical failures.
The right to lodging if disembarkation and an overnight stay in an unscheduled port are required when a
            cruise
            is terminated early due to mechanical failures.
The right to have included on each cruise line’s website a toll-free phone line that can be used for
            questions or information concerning any aspect of shipboard operations.
The right to have this
Cruise Line Passenger Bill of Rights
published on each line’s website.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Please read these terms and conditions prior to using this site.
By using this site, you agree to the following terms and conditions:
OWNERSHIP AND RESTRICTIONS ON USE
This site is owned and operated by CARNIVAL CRUISE LINES ("CARNIVAL"). All materials contained in this site are
        the copyrighted property of CARNIVAL. No material from CARNIVAL.COM or any Web site owned, operated, licensed,
        or controlled by CARNIVAL collectively or any one of which is referred to as "the Carnival Sites" may be copied,
        reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way, except that you may download
        one copy of the materials on any single computer for your personal, non-commercial home use only, provided you
        keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. Modification of the materials or use of the materials
        for any other purpose is a violation of CARNIVAL's copyright and other proprietary rights. For purposes of these
        terms, the use of any such material on any other Web site or computer network environment is expressly
        prohibited. Carnival owns all right, title and interest in and to all trademarks, service marks, and trade names
        included in the Web Site. The Legal Notice section of this page provides additional information about
Carnival’s copyright, trademark and
            other intellectual property rights
.
To the extent the Web Site provides interactive capabilities that allow you to submit information or data on the
        Web Site, you expressly acknowledge you may not upload to, distribute through, or otherwise publish through the
        Carnival Sites any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, threatening, invasive of
        privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable that would constitute or encourage a
        criminal offense, violate the rights of any party, or that would otherwise give rise to liability or violates
        any law.
By uploading or submitting any materials to us, you automatically grant (or warrant that the owner of such
        rights has expressly granted) us a perpetual, royalty-free, irrevocable, non-exclusive right and license to use,
        reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from and distribute such materials or
        incorporate such materials into any form, medium, or technology now known or later developed throughout the
        universe. In addition, you warrant that all so-called "moral rights" in those materials have been waived.
Any personal information you provide to us while registering on CARNIVAL.COM, BOOKCCL.COM or when using
        CARNIVAL.COM will be used by Carnival in accordance with Carnival’s
Privacy
            Notice
. Non-personal information you send or communicate to us, such as questions, comments or
        inquiries, will be not considered personal information and therefore will not be subject to our Privacy Notice.
        Accordingly, Carnival may use any such non-personal information you supply to us, which may include, but is not
        limited to, any inventions, ideas, concepts or know-how, without restriction or liability.
REGISTRATION, PASSWORD AND SECURITY
When you register with CARNIVAL.COM, you will create a login name and a password in completing the registration
        process and will provide us with certain information. It is your responsibility to provide us with true and
        accurate information during the registration process. Carnival will accept your information as it is provided to
        us. We will not verify the truth, accuracy or completeness of your information and we expressly disclaim any
        liability in connection therewith. You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your
        password and account, and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account. It
        is also your sole obligation to immediately notify Carnival of any unauthorized use of your account or any other
        breach of security.
MODIFICATION OF TERMS
Carnival reserves the right to change, modify, add, or remove portions of these terms at any time at our
        discretion. You may check these terms periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Carnival Sites
        subsequent to the revisions of these terms (including the CARNIVAL.COM Privacy Notice and Terms and Conditions
        applicable to Carnival's Internet Booking Application) means you accept those changes.
TERMINATION
These terms are effective until terminated by CARNIVAL, for any reason, with or without notice. Upon
        termination, you must destroy all materials obtained from the Carnival Sites and all copies thereof, whether
        made under the terms of these terms or otherwise.
LINKS
Carnival, at its discretion, may provide links to other web sites or resources or allow third party web sites to
        link to CARNIVAL.COM. Because Carnival has no control over such web sites or resources, you expressly understand
        and agree that Carnival is not responsible in any way or form for the contents, products, advertising,
        materials, services or resources contained on any other web sites and Carnival does not endorse or sponsor any
        third party web sites. Carnival is not responsible or liable, whether directly or indirectly, for any damage,
        loss or claims by or in connection with your use or reliance on any content, products, advertising, materials,
        services or resources available on or through such web sites.
DISCLAIMER
THE MATERIALS IN THIS SITE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. TO
        THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, CARNIVAL DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR
        IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
        PURPOSE. CARNIVAL DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE MATERIALS WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR
        ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THIS SITE OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF
        VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. CARNIVAL DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OR
        THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF THE MATERIALS IN THIS SITE IN TERMS OF THEIR CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, OR
        OTHERWISE. YOU (AND NOT CARNIVAL) ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR, OR CORRECTION.
        APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
        CARNIVAL ADDITIONALLY DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE ACCURACY OF FARES AND PRICES
        (COLLECTIVELY, “FARES”) ADVERTISED ON THE CARNIVAL SITES AND SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR OR OBLIGATED TO HONOR
        ERRONEOUS OR INACCURATE FARES.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE, SHALL CARNIVAL BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL OR
        CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OF, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, THE MATERIALS IN THIS SITE, EVEN IF
        CARNIVAL OR A CARNIVAL AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. APPLICABLE
        LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY OR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE
        LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN NO EVENT SHALL CARNIVAL'S TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL
        DAMAGES, LOSSES, AND CAUSES OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE), OR
        OTHERWISE) EXCEED THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU, IF ANY, FOR ACCESSING THIS SITE.
JURISDICTION
This site is controlled and operated by CARNIVAL from its offices within the State of Florida, United States of
        America. CARNIVAL makes no representation that materials in the site are appropriate or available for use in
        other locations. These terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of
        Florida, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law. You agree that any action at law or in
        equity arising out of or relating to these terms shall be filed only in the state or federal courts located in
        Miami-Dade County and you hereby consent and submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purposes
        of litigating any such action.
SHORE EXCURSION IMPORTANT CONDITIONS
Please read the following information before ordering any shore excursions online. These conditions are binding
        once you purchase any shore excursion provided by independent tour operators through Carnival. The deadline for
        making shore excursion bookings online is 3 days prior to sailing, unless otherwise noted in the shore excursion
        description. All of the shore excursions listed on the carnival.com website may not be available for every
        cruise itinerary.
All excursions are subject to change without notice. Descriptions, departure times, itineraries, pricing and
        locations may be altered and may vary due to unforeseen circumstances. Descriptions and excursion lengths are
        all based on approximate times and predetermined points of interest. Changes may be unavoidable and can be made
        at the tour operator’s sole discretion. Departure times and meeting places will be printed on the shore
        excursion ticket. As a delay may result in a missed excursion or interfere with the excursion’s normal
        operation, guests are required to report to the specified location, at the designated departure time.
You will be required to pay for your shore excursion order in full using our secure online credit card
        processing. You will receive instant online confirmation that your order has been paid in full. Your tickets
        will be delivered to your cabin prior to embarkation.
Shore Excursion Cancellation and Refund Policy
Shore excursions may be cancelled by Carnival or the Tour Operator due to inclement weather conditions, or any
        other reason whatsoever. In which case, and as your sole recourse, full refunds will be made to guests who have
        purchased cancelled excursions.
Excursions may be canceled or modified depending on the number of guests participating. Some excursions require
        a minimum number of guests to operate. If this minimum is not met, excursions may be cancelled by the Tour
        Operator and full refunds will be issued.
For online cancellations that occur outside the cut-off window, 3 days prior to sailing, a full refund will
        automatically be posted to the credit card that was used to pay for the shore excursion order. Please allow 5-7
        business days for the credit to post to your account. No changes can be made within the cut-off window. If you
        need to make changes after the cut-off date, you must wait until sailing and see the Shore Excursion Manager
        onboard. In the event of a cruise booking cancellation within the cut-off window, a full refund will
        automatically be posted to the credit card used to pay for the order.
If the designated contact person on a shore excursion order must cancel from their cruise booking and the
        remaining guests who are sailing would like to retain the shore excursion order, a new contact person needs to
        be assigned. If a designated contact person cancels and does not reassign the responsibility, the associated
        shore excursion orders will automatically cancel and be refunded.
Once onboard, cancellations are subject to a 25% cancellation charge. However, within 24 hours of arrival in
        port, all shore excursion orders are non-refundable. A refund, less any applicable cancellation charges, will be
        applied to the designated contact person’s sail and sign account. Carnival will only offer shipboard
        credit for shore excursion order refunds, but note any credit not utilized by the end of your cruise will be
        refunded via check to the order’s designated contact person on the morning of debarkation.
Guests are encouraged to purchase Carnival’s Cruise Vacation Protection Plan to cover any eligible
        non-refundable shore excursion cancellation charges.
Responsibility
Carnival is not responsible for any losses, damage, death, injuries, or claims whatsoever arising from,
        connected with, or related to any activities engaged in by guests while off Carnival’s ships or water
        shuttles in any port of call. This includes all shore excursions, whether booked online, sold onboard or sold by
        third parties ashore. Guests engage in all such activities off the ship at their own risk.
Carnival acts only as an agent for the independent tour operators supplying excursions or services. Independent
        contractors operate all shore excursions, including any related transportation. Carnival neither supervises nor
        controls their actions, nor makes any representation either expressed or implied as to their suitability.
        Carnival sells tickets for all excursions as a convenience to guests only. Tour operators, transportation
        providers, and their employees are neither agents nor employees of Carnival, notwithstanding their use of any
        signage or clothing which may contain the name “Carnival” or other related trade names or logos. It
        is understood and agreed that Carnival assumes no responsibility for, nor guarantees performance of, and in no
        event shall be liable for, any loss, damage, injury, or death in connection with said excursions or
        transportation. Please review your ticket for further information regarding your rights and obligations as well
        as those of Carnival.
Excursions/Tours & Activities not Sold by Carnival
Carnival recommends that guests do not engage in excursions, tours or activities that are not sold through
        Carnival as Carnival has no familiarity whatsoever with these services or their operations.
Restrictions
Please note that there are certain restrictions based on age, health, weight and/or height, which have been
        imposed by the individual excursion operators for your own safety. Carnival urges you to abide by them.
Tour operators have the right to require any individual to withdraw from an excursion at any time if they deem
        that individual’s conduct detrimental to or incompatible with the interests, comfort, well-being or
        harmony of the group as a whole. Tour operators reserve the right to alter or adjust excursions to meet local
        conditions for participant safety and convenience. Neither Carnival nor local tour operators will extend
        financial reimbursement to compensate for a guest’s disappointment in the event that circumstances beyond
        the reasonable control of Carnival or the tour operator make it impossible to provide services as
        intended.
Helicopter Weight Policy
The Federal Aviation Administration requires guests’ weights and names for weight and balance calculations
        as well as flight manifesting. Any guest whose weight is 250 pounds or more will be required to purchase a seat
        and a half. You must purchase the specific helicopter excursion for guests over 250 pounds or you will be
        refused service. Once onboard you may see the Shore Excursion Manager for assistance.
Pricing
Prices for shore excursions are quoted per person, in U.S. dollars and are subject to change without notice.
        Prices also vary by departure date and time and are capacity controlled. Some restrictions may apply. Most
        prices include transportation and when noted, meals, refreshments, guides and entrance fees. On snorkeling,
        scuba and golf excursions, only the equipment specified is included in the price. Some fishing excursions,
        particularly in Alaska, require the purchase of a fishing license, unless otherwise noted. Please see
Fishing Policies
.
Children three years old or less, who do not occupy a seat, will not be charged and do not require a ticket
        unless noted in the shore excursion description. Children between the ages of 4 to 12 years and teens between
        the ages of 13 to 18 years will be charged full adult price or special child/teen prices, when applicable and
        noted. Guests under 18 years of age must be accompanied by an adult to participate in shore excursions. Some
        excursions require a minimum age to participate and will be noted accordingly.
Fishing Policies
Alaska State law requires a valid one-day fishing license, which may be purchased from your excursion boat
        captain. In addition, during King Salmon season, you are also required to purchase a King Salmon license.
        Children 12 and under are required to wear life jackets at all times while onboard the fishing boat. Children
        must weigh 40 pounds or more to fit the life jacket and participate in the fishing excursion.
Personal Possessions
Neither Carnival, nor the Tour Operators will be responsible for personal possessions. Do not leave your
        possessions unattended at any time, either in the vehicles in which you are traveling or otherwise. Remember
        coats, umbrellas, cameras, handbags, wallets, traveling bags, binoculars, and similar items remain, at all times
        throughout the shore excursion, under the guest’s custody and control.
Transportation
Guests should consider that standards of transportation vary considerably throughout the world. Air-conditioned
        motorcoaches are not available in many areas. In some destinations, local buses are the best available. Guests
        wishing to travel with friends should all leave the ship together, as this will help the shore excursion staff
        allocate sufficient space in the same vehicle.
Please note that motorcoaches and other forms of transportation may require guests to climb 2 to 3 steps. Most,
        but not all motorcoaches, can accommodate collapsible wheelchairs. Staff is not obligated to lift guests into or
        out of vehicles. Transportation via water shuttle may prevent guests in wheelchairs from going ashore at certain
        ports of call. For further information about specific excursions’ transportation accessibility, please
        look for the accessibility advisories online, represented by a blue wheelchair icon or see the Shore Excursion
        Manager onboard.
Required Documentation & Identification
Please note that travel documentation requirements vary by destination and change often. It is the
        responsibility of the guest to provide valid travel and medical history documents required for air travel,
        debarkation at various ports of call and re-entry into the appropriate country of origin.
Your Sail & Sign Card will serve as your identification card when you re-board the ship in a port of call.
        Remember to take it with you whenever you go ashore. You will be required to show it to a Carnival security
        officer in order to re-board the ship.
THE FUN SHOPS ONLINE IMPORTANT CONDITIONS
Please read the following information before ordering anything from The Fun Shops online. All online orders are
        subject to these shopping terms & conditions.
All orders are accepted up to and no later than two days prior to debarkation date. Prices and deadlines are
        subject to change without notice. Holidays and changes in the itineraries may cause shorter deadlines. Some
        products, such as flowers, are time sensitive and must be ordered within a specific time frame prior to sailing
        (varies by ship port). ALL ORDERS MUST BE PREPAID. In the event an item is not available at the time of sailing,
        an item of equal value will be substituted. The Fun Shops Online products may be subject to sales tax depending
        on the location of delivery.
Alcohol Orders
Alcohol orders are not permitted to be taken to any location outside of the approved delivery locations
        specified for those products at checkout. This program is designed for in-cabin entertaining or in-dining
        consumption only. Consumption in public areas is strictly prohibited.
Cruise Cash
Cruise Cash provides an immediate credit to a guest's onboard Sail & Sign account. Although the cruise cash
        cannot be redeemed for cash, the cruise cash is a non-refundable credit that can enhance a guest’s
        cruising experience; the credit can be applied to cover charges to their onboard account, including taxes and
        gratuity charges. The total amount of the Cruise Cash purchased must be used in a single voyage, cannot be
        transferred to any future booking, and any unused credits will be forfeited.
Cruise Cash Bar
Cruise Cash Bar provides an immediate credit to a guest's Sail & Sign onboard account; this credit can be
        applied to cover any bar purchase, including CHEERS, alcoholic drinks, juice, soda, water, and coffee shop
        charges. Cruise Cash Bar is valid for a single voyage and cannot be transferred to future bookings. Cruise Cash
        Bar is non-refundable and any unused credits will be forfeited.
Cruise Cash Photo
Cruise Cash Photo provides an immediate credit to a guest's Sail & Sign onboard account; this credit can be
        applied toward Photo purchases. This credit is good for any photo department charge made to their account
        including photos, camera batteries, cameras, and photo albums. Cruise Cash Photo is valid for a single voyage
        and cannot be transferred to future bookings. Cruise Cash Photo is non-refundable and any unused credits will be
        forfeited.
Build-A-Bear Workshop Cruise Cash
Build-A-Bear Workshop Cruise Cash provides an immediate credit to a guest's onboard Sail & Sign account, which may be applied toward Build-A-Bear Workshop purchases. Charges for Camp Ocean™ and Night Owls™ services may diminish or fully deplete the Build-A-Bear Workshop Cruise Cash credit amount if such charges are made prior to use at Build-A-Bear Workshop at Sea. Build-A-Bear Workshop Cruise Cash is only valid for a single voyage and cannot be transferred to future bookings. Build-A-Bear Workshop Cruise Cash is non-refundable, not redeemable for cash, non-transferrable and any unused credits at the end of the voyage will be forfeited. Build-A-Bear Workshop Cruise Cash is only for onboard use and cannot be redeemed in land-based Build-A-Bear Workshop stores or online.
OTHER
If any provision of these terms shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision
        shall be deemed severable from these terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining
        provisions. This is the entire agreement between us relating to the subject matter herein and shall not be
        modified except in writing, signed by all parties.
MOBILE APPLICATION TERMS & CONDITIONS
Effective Date: May 25, 2018
CARNIVAL MOBILE APPLICATION
INTRODUCTION AND OVERVIEW
PARENTAL CONSENT
1. THE APPLICATION
2. LICENSE GRANT AND USE RESTRICTIONS
3. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
4. NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR THIRD PARTY CONTENT AND SERVICES
5. ACCOUNTS, PROFILES AND SOCIAL FEATURES
6. PURCHASE OF CHAT SUBSCRIPTION
7. TERM AND TERMINATION
8. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
9. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
10. INDEMNIFICATION
11. DISPUTE RESOLUTION BY BINDING ARBITRATION
12. MISCELLANEOUS
Third Party Terms [APPLE, GOOGLE]
If you'd like to review our Privacy Notice for Mobile Apps, please refer to
Carnival's Privacy Notice.
End User License Agreement for CARNIVAL MOBILE APPLICATION
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE, DO NOT CLICK THE
        “ACCEPT” BUTTON OR DOWNLOAD, INSTALL OR USE THE APPLICATION.
Back to top
Introduction and Overview
Please read this end user software license agreement (“License”) carefully before clicking the
        “Accept” button or downloading or using the Carnival Mobile Application (“Application”
        or “App”).  As used herein, “Application” includes, without limitation, any
        services specific to the Application, software code, scripts, interfaces, graphics, displays, text, images,
        artwork, music or video clips, documentation and other components or content and any updates, modifications or
        enhancements to these items accompanying the Application or this License.  These terms are an
        agreement between You and Carnival Cruise Lines (“Carnival,” “us,” and
        “our”) and its affiliates (individually and collectively,
        “Carnival”).  “You,” “Your” and “Licensee” in this
        License refer to You, an individual, and/or to the company or other legal entity on whose behalf You accept
        this License.
TO USE MANY OF THE FEATURES OF THIS APP, YOU MUST BE ON BOARD A CARNIVAL VESSEL.
This Application is licensed to You by Carnival for use strictly in accordance with the terms and conditions of
        this License.
By clicking the “accept” button or downloading or using the Application, You are entering
            into and agreeing to be bound by the terms of this License, the Carnival Terms and Conditions located on the
Terms and Conditions
page, and the Carnival
            Privacy Notice located on the
Privacy Notice page
; each as
            amended from time to time, and which policies are incorporated herein by reference.
If there are
        any inconsistencies between this License and the Carnival Terms and Conditions, this License takes precedence
        with respect to the Application. If at any time after reviewing the Application You wish to terminate this
        License, You must un-install and remove the Application from Your Device, and delete any copy of the Application
        in Your possession.
Your use of the Application also may be governed by terms and conditions required by (i) any applicable third
        party content and service providers, (ii) the manufacturer and other providers of Your Device and its hardware
        and software components, including its operating system, (iii) the online store or other applicable distributor
        through which You obtain the Application, (iv) the applicable wireless service agreement for Your Device, (v)
        any applicable open source or third party software license, and (vi) the terms or conditions governing Your
        personal accounts for web content services You access through the Application ((i) through (vi), including
        without limitation those terms listed in the “Third Party Terms” section of this License,
        collectively being referred to as the “Related Agreements”). No Related Agreement, however, shall
        have the effect of limiting, encumbering or otherwise restricting Carnival’s rights and remedies or Your
        obligations under this License, or waiving any restrictions on Your rights to use the Application under this
        License. This License shall not have the effect of limiting, encumbering or otherwise restricting
        Carnival’s rights and remedies or Your obligations under any Related Agreement between You and Carnival,
        or waiving any restrictions on Your rights under any Related Agreement between You and Carnival. You understand
        and agree that even if You are not the account-holder for Your Device, Your purchase and use of the Application
        is governed by terms and conditions in the applicable service wireless service agreement for Your Device.
If Carnival makes any updates or upgrades to the Application available to You, such updates or upgrades shall be
        subject to the terms and conditions of this License unless the Application is expressly provided to You under
        other, or additional terms and conditions, in which case, those other, or additional terms and conditions (which
        may include the payment of additional fees), shall apply.
Back to top
IF YOU ARE BETWEEN THE AGES OF THIRTEEN (13) AND
            SEVENTEEN (17), YOU MAY USE THIS APPLICATION ONLY WITH THE INVOLVEMENT OF A PARENT OR GUARDIAN WHO AGREES TO
            THESE TERMS AND TO BE RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR USE.
IF YOU ARE UNDER THE AGE OF 13, YOU MAY ONLY USE THIS APPLICATION WITH THE
EXPRESS CONSENT OF YOUR
                PARENT OR LEGAL GUARDIAN
.
Your Parent or Legal Guardian can provide Carnival with their consent in the following ways:
Using a credit card, debit card, or other online payment system that provides notification
            of each separate transaction to the account holder;
Providing consent when granting You authority to make charges to Your parent’s Sail
            & Sign account;
If onboard a Carnival Vessel, providing a copy of a form of government issued ID to Guest
            Services.
Each time You access and/or use the Application (other than to simply read the terms and conditions of this
        License), You agree to be bound by and comply with the terms and conditions of this License, the Carnival Terms
        and Conditions, the Carnival Mobile App Privacy Notice and any other applicable terms and conditions set forth
        in any Related Agreements.
DO NOT USE THIS APPLICATION IF YOU DO NOT AGREE.
The business realities associated with operating the Application are such that, without the conditions that are
        set forth in this License – such as Your grants and waivers of rights, the limitations on our liability,
        and Your indemnity to us – we would not make the Application available to You.
THIS LICENSE IS SUBJECT TO THE ARBITRATION PROVISION INCLUDED IN SECTION 11 OF THIS LICENSE.
Back to top
1. THE APPLICATION:
In order to access the
        Application while aboard Carnival Vessels (“Vessels”), You will need access to the unsecured
        Carnival Wi-Fi Service (“Wi-Fi”). Please review the Terms of Service & Acceptable Use Policy for
        the Carnival Wi-Fi Service onboard prior to accessing Wi-Fi.
The Application allows You to effortlessly find up-to-date information about Your Carnival cruise:
Before check-in, countdown to Your cruise and share the application with Your friends.
After check-in, when You log in with WiFi, You will be able to access information regarding
            onboard activities, restaurants, menus, open times, entertainment, ports of call, spa
            services, and shopping.
You can also:
Create an online profile. You can choose an avatar from Facebook or Your phone image library
            and whether to make Your profile public or private.
View ship messages and announcements
See what's happening every minute of every day
Save favorite activities to one convenient list
If You purchase the Application Chat function, You can add other cruisers who have also
            purchased the Application Chat function to Your contacts and Chat with them during Your
            cruise.
Voice, data and messaging rates may apply when You use this Application.
1.1 CONSENT TO USE LOCATION INFORMATION
: By using this Application, You agree that Carnival may
        collect and share Your Location Information for such purpose. If You do not want Your Location Information
        collected either do not download/use the Application or You may modify Your Device settings to disable
        collection of Your Location Information.
1.2 CONSENT TO DISCLOSE PERSONAL INFORMATION:
This Application allows You to create a Profile in
        which You can share Your name, Your cruise itinerary, plans, and other information regarding Your cruise. This
        Application also allows You to view some of the Personal Information of the contact that You add to Your
        Profile. In addition, if You elect to purchase the Application Chat function, You can communicate with contacts
        that You add to Your profile. You and the contact with whom You communicate will be able to view past Chats. You
        consent to the display of Your personal information, including without limitation Your name, photo, or other
        information, by the Application.
Back to top
2. LICENSE GRANT AND USE RESTRICTIONS.
2.1 License Grant.
Subject to the restrictions set forth in Section 2.2, Carnival grants You a
        personal, revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right to install and use one copy of the
        Application on a single device owned and controlled by You (“Device”), and to access and use the
        Application on such Device solely for Your personal entertainment use, strictly in accordance with the terms and
        conditions of this License, the Related Agreements, and all applicable local, national, and international laws
        and regulations.  You represent, warrant and agree that You are using the Application solely
        for Your own personal entertainment use and not for redistribution or transfer of any kind.
2.2
Restrictions on Use.
You shall not: (a) decompile, reverse engineer,
        disassemble, attempt to derive the source code of, or decrypt the Application, even for research purposes; (b)
        make any modification, adaptation, improvement, enhancement, translation or derivative work from the
        Application; (c) violate any applicable laws, rules or regulations in connection with Your access or use of the
        Application; (d) remove, alter or obscure any proprietary notice (including any notice of copyright or
        trademark) of Carnival or its collaborators, suppliers or licensors; (e) use the Application in a manner that
        derives revenue directly from such use, or use the Application for any other purpose for which it is not
        designed or intended; (f) install, use or permit the Application to exist on more than one Device at a time or
        on any other mobile device or computer; (g) distribute the Application to multiple Devices; (h) make the
        Application available over a network or other environment permitting access or use by multiple Devices or users
        at the same time; (i) use the Application for creating a product, service or software that is, directly or
        indirectly, competitive with or in any way a substitute for any services, product or software offered by
        Carnival; (j) use the Application to send automated queries to any website or to send any unsolicited commercial
        e-mail; (k) use any proprietary information or interfaces of Carnival or other intellectual property of Carnival
        in the design, development, manufacture, licensing or distribution of any applications, accessories or devices
        for use with the Application; (l) circumvent, disable or tamper with any security-related components or other
        protective measures applicable to the Application or the Device or (m) reproduce, archive, retransmit,
        distribute, disseminate, sell, lease, rent, exchange, modify, broadcast, synchronize, publicly perform, publish,
        publicly display, make available to third parties, transfer or circulate the Application. You agree to abide by
        the rules and policies established from time to time by Carnival. Such rules and policies may include, for
        example, required or automated updates, modifications, and/or reinstallations of the Application and obtaining
        available patches to address security, interoperability or performance issues. These obligations survive
        termination of this License.
Back to top
3. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS.
3.1 Rights to Application.
You acknowledge and agree that the Application, any copies thereof
        (including without limitation any copy that You download, install, or use on Your Device), and all copyrights,
        patents, trademarks, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights associated therewith are, and shall
        remain, the property of Carnival or its collaborators, licensors, or suppliers.  Furthermore, You
        acknowledge and agree that the source and object code of the Application and the format, directories, queries,
        algorithms, structure and organization of the Application are the intellectual property and proprietary and
        confidential information of Carnival and its collaborators, licensors and suppliers. Title to the Application
        shall remain with Carnival. Carnival and its collaborators, licensors, and suppliers reserve the right to
        change, suspend, terminate, remove, impose limits on the use of or access to, disable access to, or require the
        return of the Application (or any copy thereof) at any time without notice and will have no liability for doing
        so. Except as expressly stated in this License, You are not granted any intellectual property rights in or to
        the Application by implication, estoppel or other legal theory, and all rights in and to the Application not
        expressly granted in this License are hereby reserved and retained by Carnival.These obligations survive
        termination of this License.
3.2 Carnival Marks.
Carnival owns all right, title and interest in and to all trademarks,
        service marks, and trade names included in the Application. For additional information about Carnival’s
        copyright, trademark and other intellectual property rights, please visit
Carnival's Legal
            Copyright & Trademark page
. You are not authorized to use the Carnival Marks in any advertising,
        publicity or in any other commercial manner without the prior written consent of Carnival, which may be withheld
        for any or no reason. These obligations survive termination of this License.
3.3 Open Source Software
. The Application may utilize or include third party software that is
        subject to open source license terms (“Open Source Software”). You acknowledge and agree that Your
        right to use such Open Source Software as part of the Application is subject to and governed by the terms and
        conditions of any applicable open source license, including, without limitation, any applicable
        acknowledgements, license terms and disclaimers contained therein (collectively, the “Open Source License
        Terms”). In the event of a conflict between the terms of this License and the Open Source License Terms,
        the Open Source License Terms shall control.
Back to top
4. NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR THIRD PARTY CONTENT AND SERVICES.
4.1 General.
You acknowledge that the Application may permit access to products, services,
        websites, advertisements, promotions, recommendations, advice, information, and materials created and provided
        by advertisers, publishers, content collaborators, marketing agents, vendors and other third parties
        (“Third Party Content and Services”).
4.2 Disclaimer.
You acknowledge that Carnival does not investigate, monitor, represent or
        endorse the Third Party Content and Services (including any third party websites accessed through the
        Application). Furthermore, Your access to and use of the Third Party Content and Services is at Your sole
        discretion and risk, and Carnival shall have no liability to You arising out of or in connection with Your
        access to and use of the Third Party Content and Services. Third parties may collect information
        about You and Your Device if You choose to use Third Party Content and Services.  Carnival and
        its collaborators, suppliers, and licensors are not responsible for third parties’ data collection
        practices.  Carnival encourages You to review the third parties’ privacy policies.
4.3 Third Party Terms of Service.
You acknowledge and agree that Your access to and use of the
        Third Party Content and Services and any correspondence or business dealings between You and any third party
        using the Application are governed by and require Your acceptance of the terms of service of such third party,
        including, without limitation, any terms, privacy policies, conditions, representations, warranties or
        disclaimers contained therein. You assume all risks arising out of or resulting from Your transaction of
        business over the Internet and with any third party, and You agree that Carnival and its collaborators,
        suppliers, and licensors are not responsible or liable for any loss or result of the presence of information
        about or links to such advertisers or service providers. Furthermore, You acknowledge and agree that this
        License does not grant You any license to (i) the Third Party Content and Services; (ii) any products, services,
        processes or technology described in or offered by the Third Party Content and Services; or (iii) any copyright,
        trademark, patent or other intellectual property right in the Third Party Content or Services or any products,
        services, processes or technology described or offered therein. You agree that You will not use Third Party
        Content or Services in a manner that would infringe or violate the rights of any other party, and that Carnival
        and its collaborators, suppliers, and licensors are not in any way responsible for any such use by You.
4.4 Endorsements.
You acknowledge and agree that the provision of access to any Third Party
        Content and Service shall not constitute or imply any endorsement by Carnival of such Third Party Content and
        Services.Carnival reserves the right to restrict or deny access to any Third Party Content and Services
        otherwise accessible through the Application, although Carnival has no obligation to restrict or deny access
        even if requested by You.
4.5 Inaccurate or Inappropriate Materials.
You understand that by accessing and using the Third
        Party Content and Services, You may encounter information, materials and subject matter (i) that are incomplete
        or inaccurate; (ii) that You or others may deem offensive, indecent, or objectionable; (iii) which may or may
        not be identified as having explicit language, and (iv) that automatically and unintentionally appears in search
        results, as a link or reference to objectionable material.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, You agree
        to use the Third Party Content and Services at Your sole risk and that Carnival and its collaborators,
        suppliers, and licensors shall have no liability to You for information, material or subject matter that is
        found to be incomplete, inaccurate, offensive, indecent, or objectionable.
Back to top
5. ACCOUNTS, PROFILES AND SOCIAL FEATURES
5.1 Accounts
. In order to access or use the features on the Service, You must be onboard a
        Vessel. The Application’s practices governing any resulting collection and use of Your personal
        information are disclosed in its Privacy Notice.
IF YOU ARE UNDER THE AGE OF THIRTEEN (13) THEN CARNIVAL
            MUST OBTAIN VERIFIABLE CONSENT FROM YOUR PARENTS BEFORE YOU CAN REGISTER AS A USER, CREATE A PROFILE PAGE,
            SUBMIT PERSONAL INFORMATION TO US, OR OTHERWISE USE THIS APPLICATION. FOR INFORMATION ON THIS PROCESS, SEE
            GUEST SERVICES ON BOARD.
Your username will be your cruise Folio number and Your password will be the month and day of your birth (mm/dd)
        and You agree that: (i) You will not use a username (or e-mail address) that is already being used by someone
        else, may impersonate another person, belongs to another person, violates the intellectual property or other
        right of any person or entity, or is offensive. We may reject the use of any password, username, or e-mail
        address for any other reason in our sole discretion; (ii) You will provide true, accurate, current, and complete
        registration information about Yourself in connection with the registration process and, as permitted, to
        maintain and update it including on Your Profile Page, continuously and promptly to keep it accurate, current,
        and complete; (iii) You are solely responsible for all activities that occur under Your account, password, and
        username – whether or not You authorized the activity; (iv) You are solely responsible for maintaining the
        confidentiality of Your password and for restricting access to Your Device so that others may not access any
        password protected portion of the Application using Your name, username, or password; (v) You will immediately
        notify us of any unauthorized use of Your account, password, or username, or any other breach of security; (vi)
        You will not defame, stalk, bully, abuse, harass, threaten, impersonate or intimidate people or entities and You
        will not post private or confidential information via the App, including, without limitation, Your or any other
        person's credit card information, social security or alternate national identity numbers, non-public phone
        numbers or non-public email addresses; (vii) You will not use the App for any illegal or unauthorized purpose.
        You agree to comply with all laws, rules and regulations (for example, federal, state, local and provincial)
        applicable to Your use of the App and your Content (defined below), including but not limited to, copyright
        laws; (viii) You will not interfere or disrupt the App or servers or networks connected to the App, including by
        transmitting any worms, viruses, spyware, malware or any other code of a destructive or disruptive nature; and
        (ix) You will not sell, transfer, or assign Your account or any account rights.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage (of any kind and under any legal theory) to You or any third party
        arising from Your inability or failure for any reason to comply with any of the foregoing obligations.
If any information that You provide, or if we have reasonable grounds to suspect that any information that You
        provide, is false, inaccurate, outdated, incomplete, or violates any applicable terms or conditions or law, then
        we may suspend or terminate Your account. We also reserve the more general and broad right to terminate Your
        account or suspend or otherwise deny You access to it or its benefits – all in our sole discretion, for
        any reason, and without advance notice or liability.
Back to top
5.2 Profiles
. When You are on board Your Vessel, You can create a Profile. To create a Profile,
        You must be logged in to the Vessel’s Wi-Fi. Click
here
for
        terms and conditions related to the Carnival Wi-Fi Service. You must enter Your cruise Folio number, and the
        month and day of Your birth (
mm/dd
). You may be able to create a nickname and/or choose a profile
        picture. However, if You choose to submit photographs to the Application or include other images of real people,
        then make sure they are of You or of You and someone You know – and only if You have their express
        permission to submit it. EACH MEMBER OF YOUR TRAVELING PARTY MUST CREATE HIS OR HER OWN PROFILE IN ORDER TO
        ACCESS THE APP AND RELATED SERVICES.
Without limiting the foregoing, Profile Pages may not include content that You are attempting to sell through the
        Application, and cannot be used to conduct commercial activities, including, but not limited to, transactions,
        advertising, fundraising, contests or other promotions absent our prior written consent. We may offer You the
        ability to set preferences relating to Your profile or Application activities, but settings may not become
        effective immediately or be error free, and options may change from time-to-time. We assume no responsibility or
        liability for users’ Profile material.
We do not review Profile Pages to determine if they were created by an authorized person or an appropriate party,
        and we are not responsible for any unauthorized Profile Pages that may appear on the Application. If there is
        any dispute as to whether a Profile Page has been created or is being maintained by an authorized representative
        of the individual who is the subject of that Profile Page, then we shall have the sole right, but are not
        obligated, to resolve such dispute as we determine is appropriate in our sole discretion. Such resolution may
        include, without limitation, deleting or disabling access to Profile Pages, or any portion thereof, at any time
        without notice.
Back to top
5.3 Family and Friends
. The Family and Friends feature allows You to plan Your shipboard
        activities with Your Family and Friends and other guests and to Chat with each other with the Chat function.
        Each person must purchase their own subscription for the Carnival Chat function in order to utilize this
        feature. You can add family members and friends to Your contacts. Family and Friends can share itinerary and
        activity information.
To invite Family or Friends who have their own App Profiles, You will need to sign in to the App and send Your
        Family Member or Friend an invitation to their e-mail address. When a Family Member or Friend accepts Your
        information, that person can see Your name or nickname, Your Profile photograph, and Your entire trip itinerary.
        Family and Friends who are on Your reservation will also be able to see Your reservation information.
Your Family Members and/or Friends may also send You an invitation. You acknowledge that by sending and/or
        accepting an invitation to connect on the App, You authorize that Family Member or Friend to plan or modify
        activities for You without notice to You. Carnival is not liable or responsible for the conduct of the family or
        friends You choose to connect with on the App, including in the planning or modification of activities on Your
        behalf, or for a family or friend’s use of any information You choose to share with the family or friend.
If You create a profile for a Family Member or a Friend who does not have his or her own App account, You are not
        creating an App account for that person. Instead, You are providing information about that Family Member or
        Friend in order to add him or her to activities on that person’s behalf. You may remove Family Members or
        Friends from these “Managed Profiles” at any time.
5.4 User Generated Content
. Carnival may allow You to upload certain images, graphics, photos,
        audio and video clips, statements and other content or materials (collectively, "Content") on or through the
        App. You may not post violent, nude, partially nude, discriminatory, unlawful, infringing, hateful, pornographic
        or sexually suggestive photos or other content via the App. You are solely responsible for your conduct and any
        Content that You post on or through the App. Carnival may, but has no obligation to, remove, edit, block, and/or
        monitor Content or accounts containing Content that Carnival determines in its sole discretion violates this
        License.
Carnival does not claim ownership of any Content that You post on or through the App. Instead, you hereby grant
        to Carnival a non-exclusive, perpetual, fully paid and royalty-free, transferable, sub-licensable, worldwide
        license to use publish and distribute the Content that you post on or through the App in all media and types of
        advertising and promotion throughout the world. You represent and warrant that: (i) You own the Content posted
        by You on or through the App or otherwise have the right to grant the rights and licenses set forth in these
        terms; (ii) the posting and use of your Content on or through the App does not violate, misappropriate or
        infringe on the rights of any third party, including, without limitation, privacy rights, publicity rights,
        copyrights, trademark and/or other intellectual property rights; (iii) You agree to pay for all royalties, fees,
        and any other monies owed by reason of Content You post on or through the App; (iv) no advertisement or other
        materials need be submitted to You for further approval and Carnival shall be without liability to You for any
        distortion or illusionary effect resulting from the publication of my biography, picture, and likeness; and (v)
        You have the legal right and capacity to enter into this License in your jurisdiction. Additionally, You
        expressly release Carnival from and against any and all claims which You may have at any time for the
        remuneration, invasion of privacy, rights of publicity, defamation or any cause of action arising out of
        Carnival’s use or any advertisement, marketing device or other publication relating to Carnival’s
        use of your Content.
Back to top
6. PURCHASE OF CHAT SUBSCRIPTION
6.1
The Application Chat function will enable You to communicate (“Chat”) with Your
        Friends and Family while on the Vessel. All Friends and Family who are identified as “travel with,”
        “same cabin” or “same account” on Your Folio will automatically be pre-loaded as
        contacts. In order to Chat with anyone else, You must first add them to Your Profile and they must accept Your
        invitation to Chat. In order to use the Carnival Chat function, You must purchase a subscription. A
        valid/funded/activated sail and sign card is required for purchase. Your Friend and/or Family Member must also
        be subscribed to Carnival Chat. The purchase of a Carnival Chat subscription is a limited, non-exclusive,
        revocable, non-assignable, personal, and non-transferable right to use the Chat function for the duration of
        Your Carnival sailing. Accordingly, Youhave no property, proprietary, intellectual property, ownership, or
        monetary interest in Your Chats, which remain our Content. The right may be immediately suspended or terminated
        for any reason, in our sole discretion, and without advance notice or liability. We may modify usage
        subscriptions and virtual items at our sole discretion, and such modifications may make the usage subscriptions
        or virtual items more or less common, valuable, effective, or functional.
6.2
You may not purchase, sell, barter, or trade any usage subscriptions or virtual items, or
        offer to purchase, sell, or trade any usage subscriptions or virtual items. Any such attempted transfer will be
        null and void.
6.3
If we suspend or terminate any usage subscriptions or virtual items, then You will forfeit
        the suspended or terminated subscription or items, except as may be set forth in any additional terms (such as
        any refund policies that may apply to a subscription service). Likewise, except as may be set forth in any
        additional terms or as required by applicable law, we are not responsible for repairing or replacing same, or
        providing You any credit or refund or any other sum, in the event of our modification of any usage subscriptions
        or virtual item, or for loss or damage due to error, or any other reason.
Back to top
7. TERM AND TERMINATION
This License shall
        be effective until terminated. Carnival may, in its sole and absolute discretion, at any time and for any or no
        reason, suspend or terminate this License and the rights afforded to You hereunder with or without prior notice.
        Furthermore, if You fail to comply with any terms and conditions of this License, then this License and any
        rights afforded to You hereunder shall terminate automatically, without any notice or other action by Carnival
        Upon the termination of this License, You shall cease all use of the Application and uninstall the Application.
        Carnival may, without notice to You, disable the Application. Carnival will not be liable to You or any third
        party for compensation, indemnity, or damages of any sort as a result of terminating this License in accordance
        with its terms, and termination of this License will be without prejudice to any other right or remedy Carnival
        may have, now or in the future. These obligations survive termination of this License.
Back to top
8. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE
        THAT THE APPLICATION, INCLUDING ALL CONTENT CONTAINED THEREIN OR ACCESSED THEREBY, IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS
        IS’ AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS, AND THAT YOUR USE OF OR RELIANCE UPON THE APPLICATION AND ANY
        THIRD PARTY CONTENT AND SERVICES ACCESSED THEREBY IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND DISCRETION. CARNIVAL AND ITS
        COLLABORATORS, SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS HEREBY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND GUARANTIES
        REGARDING THE APPLICATION AND THIRD PARTY CONTENT AND SERVICES, WHETHER ORAL, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, AND
        WHETHER ARISING BY LAW, STATUTE, USAGE OF TRADE, CUSTOM, COURSE OF DEALING OR PERFORMANCE OF THE PARTIES, OR THE
        NATURE OR CONTEXT OF THIS LICENSE, AND INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
        FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. FURTHERMORE, CARNIVAL AND ITS COLLABORATORS, SUPPLIERS
        AND LICENSORS MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT (I) THE APPLICATION OR THIRD PARTY CONTENT AND SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR
        REQUIREMENTS; (II) THE APPLICATION OR THIRD PARTY CONTENT AND SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ACCURATE,
        RELIABLE, TIMELY, SECURE, FREE FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS OR ERROR-FREE; (III) THE QUALITY OF ANY
        PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION OR OTHER MATERIAL ACCESSED OR OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE APPLICATION WILL BE AS
        REPRESENTED OR MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS; OR (IV) ANY ERRORS IN THE APPLICATION OR THIRD PARTY CONTENT AND SERVICES
        WILL BE CORRECTED. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM CARNIVAL OR FROM THE
        APPLICATION SHALL CREATE ANY REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY OR GUARANTY. FURTHERMORE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT CARNIVAL
        AND ITS COLLABORATORS, SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS HAVE NO OBLIGATION TO CORRECT ANY ERRORS OR OTHERWISE SUPPORT OR
        MAINTAIN THE APPLICATION. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE APPLICATION IS NOT INTENDED OR SUITABLE FOR USE IN SITUATIONS
        OR ENVIRONMENTS WHERE THE PERFORMANCE OF, USE OR MISUSE OF, FAILURE OF, OR ERRORS OR INACCURACIES IN THE
        CONTENT, DATA OR INFORMATION PROVIDED BY, THE APPLICATION COULD LEAD TO DEATH, PERSONAL INJURY, OR SEVERE
        PHYSICAL, PROPERTY, OR ENVIRONMENTAL DAMAGE. CARNIVAL AND ITS COLLABORATORS, SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS DO NOT
        WARRANT THAT THE APPLICATION WILL BE COMPATIBLE OR INTEROPERABLE WITH YOUR DEVICE OR ANY OTHER PIECE OF
        HARDWARE, SOFTWARE, EQUIPMENT OR DEVICE INSTALLED ON OR USED IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR DEVICE. FURTHERMORE, YOU
        ACKNOWLEDGE THAT COMPATIBILITY AND INTEROPERABILITY PROBLEMS CAN CAUSE THE PERFORMANCE OF YOUR DEVICE TO
        DIMINISH OR FAIL COMPLETELY, AND MAY RESULT IN PERMANENT DAMAGE TO YOUR DEVICE, LOSS OF THE DATA LOCATED ON YOUR
        DEVICE, AND CORRUPTION OF THE SOFTWARE AND FILES LOCATED ON YOUR DEVICE. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT CARNIVAL
        AND ITS COLLABORATORS, SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS, AND THEIR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS, SHALL HAVE
        NO LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY LOSSES SUFFERED, RESULTING FROM OR ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH COMPATIBILITY OR
        INTEROPERABILITY PROBLEMS. SHOULD THE APPLICATION PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE ENTIRE BURDEN OF ALL NECESSARY
        EXPENSES, SERVICING, REPAIR, OR CORRECTION. THIS SECTION 8 SHALL SURVIVE TERMINATION OF THIS LICENSE.
NOTWITHSTANDING AND WITHOUT WAIVING THE FOREGOING, THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE RELATED AGREEMENTS MAY PROVIDE
        LIMITED REMEDIES TO YOU.
Back to top
9. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
EXCEPT
        TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY LAW, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL CARNIVAL, ITS COLLABORATORS, SUPPLIERS OR
        LICENSORS, NOR THEIR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS, BE LIABLE FOR ACCIDENTS, PROPERTY DAMAGE,
        PERSONAL INJURY, DEATH, OR FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES
        ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SALE OR DISTRIBUTION OF, THE PERFORMANCE OR NON-PERFORMANCE, OR YOUR
        ACCESS OR USE OF OR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE THE APPLICATION AND ANY THIRD PARTY CONTENT AND SERVICES, WHETHER
        OR NOT THE DAMAGES WERE FORESEEABLE AND WHETHER OR NOT SUCH PARTY WAS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
        DAMAGES. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, CARNIVAL’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO YOU (WHETHER
        UNDER CONTRACT, TORT, STATUTE OR OTHERWISE) SHALL NOT EXCEED THE GREATER OF (i) THE INITIAL PURCHASE PRICE PAID
        BY YOU FOR THE APPLICATION, (ii) THE AGGREGATE AMOUNT YOU PAID TO CARNIVAL FOR THE APPLICATION DURING THE ONE
        MONTH PRECEDING THE DATE THAT THE CLAIM ARISES, OR (iii) TWO DOLLARS ($2.00). THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS WILL
        APPLY EVEN IF THE ABOVE STATED REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. THIS SECTION 9 SHALL SURVIVE TERMINATION
        OF THIS LICENSE.
Back to top
10. INDEMNIFICATION
You shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless CARNIVAL and its collaborators, suppliers and licensors, and their
        officers, directors,
        agents and employees (the “Indemnified Parties”) from and against any claim, proceeding, loss,
        damage, fine, penalty, interest and expense (including, without limitation, fees for attorneys and other
        professional advisors) arising out of or in connection with the following: (i) Your access to or use of this
        Application or Third Party Content and Services; (ii) Your breach of this License; (iii) Your violation of law;
        (iv) Your negligence or willful misconduct; or (v) Your violation of the rights of a third party. You will
        promptly notify Carnival in writing of any third-party claim arising out of or in connection with Your access to
        or use of the Application. These obligations survive termination of this License.
Back to top
11. DISPUTE RESOLUTION BY BINDING ARBITRATION
Please read this carefully as it affects your rights.
Summary:
Most customer concerns can be resolved quickly and to the customer's satisfaction by calling our customer service
        department at 1-888-227-6482.
In the unlikely event that Carnival's customer service department is
            unable to resolve a complaint You may have to Your satisfaction (or if Carnival has not been able to resolve
            a dispute it has with You after attempting to do so informally), we each agree to resolve those disputes
            through binding arbitration or small claims court instead of in courts of general jurisdiction.
The
        arbitration will be governed by the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association
        (“AAA”), as modified by this License, and will be administered by the AAA in Miami, Florida.
        Arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court. Arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge
        or jury, allows for more limited discovery than in court, and is subject to very limited review by courts.
        Arbitrators can award the same damages and relief that a court can award.
Any arbitration under this
            License will take place on an individual basis; class arbitrations and class actions are not
            permitted.
Back to top
12. MISCELLANEOUS
The following provisions survive termination of this License:
12.1 Governing Law, Limitation on Actions.
This site is controlled and operated by Carnival from
        its offices within the State of Florida, United States of America. Carnival makes no representation that
        materials in the site are appropriate or available for use in other locations. These terms shall be governed by
        and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida, without giving effect to any principles of
        conflicts of law. You agree that any action at law or in equity arising out of or relating to these terms shall
        be filed only in the state or federal courts located in Miami-Dade County and You hereby consent and submit to
        the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purposes of litigating any such action
12.2 Severability.
If any provision of this License is held to be invalid or unenforceable with
        respect to a party, the remainder of this License, or the application of such provision to persons other than
        those to whom it is held invalid or unenforceable shall not be affected and each remaining provision of this
        License shall be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law.
12.3 Waiver.
Except as provided herein, the failure to exercise a right or require performance
        of an obligation under this License shall not affect a party’s ability to exercise such right or require
        such performance at any time thereafter nor shall the waiver of a breach constitute waiver of any subsequent
        breach.
12.4 Modification or Amendment.
Carnival reserves the right to modify or discontinue,
        temporarily or permanently, at any time and from time to time, the App (or any function or feature of the App or
        any part thereof, including but not limited to rates and charges) with or without notice. You agree that
        Carnival will not be liable to You or to any third party for any such modification, suspension or discontinuance
        of the Service. This License may be updated or changed from time to time, as determined by Carnival in its sole
        discretion. Carnival will provide notice of changes in the License in any manner acceptable by law, including by
        posting them to our onboard website or at such other website as Carnival may designate. Any changes or
        modifications will be effective immediately upon such notice, and You waive any right You may have to receive
        specific notice of such changes or modifications. Your use of the App following updates or a change to this
        License constitutes Your acceptance of those changes; therefore, You should frequently review this license to
        understand the terms and conditions that apply to Your use of the Service. If You do not agree to the revisions,
        You must terminate Your use of the App immediately.
Back to top
12.5 Survival
. Any provisions of this License which by their express language or by their
        context are intended to survive the termination of this License shall survive such termination.
12.6 Third Party Beneficiaries.
Except as explicitly provided in this License or in the Related
        Agreements, nothing contained in this License is intended or shall be construed to confer upon any person (other
        than the parties hereto) any rights, benefits or remedies of any kind or character, or to create any obligations
        or liabilities of a party to any such person.
12.7 No Transfer by You.
You may not rent, lease, lend, sublicense, assign or transfer the
        Application, this License or any of the rights granted hereunder. Any attempted transfer in contravention of
        this provision shall be null and void and of no force or effect. These obligations survive termination of this
        License. Carnival may assign this License without restriction.
12.8 Copyright Complaints.
Carnival respects the intellectual property rights of others. If You
        believe that Your work has been copied and has been posted, stored or transmitted by or through the Application
        in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please submit a notification pursuant to the Digital
        Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) by providing Carnival’s Copyright Agent the following
        written information:
An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner
            of the copyright interest;
A description of the copyrighted work that You claim has been infringed upon;
A specific description of where the material that You claim is infringing is located;
Your address, telephone number, and e-mail address;
A statement by You that You have a good-faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized
            by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
A statement by You, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in Your notice
            is accurate and that You are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright
            owner's behalf.
Carnival’s Copyright Agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement relating to the Application can
        be reached as follows:
Attn: General Counsel
        Carnival Cruise Lines
        3655 NW 87
th
Avenue
        MLGL-815
        Miami, Florida 33178-2428
For more information about Carnival’s copyright protection practices under the DMCA and for information on
        how to contact Carnival’s DMCA agent, please refer to
Carnival's Legal
            Copyright & Trademarks page
.
12.9 Entire Agreement.
This License including the documents incorporated herein by reference
        constitute the entire agreement with respect to the use of the Application licensed hereunder and supersedes all
        prior or contemporaneous understandings regarding such subject matter.
Back to top
THIRD PARTY TERMS. The below Third Party Terms are
        incorporated herein and made part of this License: Apple and Google.
APPLE:
Additional provisions and Usage Rules required by Apple, Inc. (“Apple”) may
        be found at
Apple's Media
            Services Terms and Conditions page
. If Your Device is manufactured by
        Apple or if You obtain the downloadable Application through iTunes, You and Carnival acknowledge and agree that
        Apple and its subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries to this License, and that, upon Your acceptance of the
        terms and conditions of this License, Apple will have the right to enforce this License against You in its
        capacity as a third party beneficiary to the License. APPLE SHALL HAVE NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY CLAIMS MADE BY
        YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY RELATED TO THE APPLICATION OR YOUR USE OR POSSESSION OF THE APPLICATION, INCLUDING, BUT
        NOT LIMITED TO (i) PRODUCT LIABILITY CLAIMS, (ii) ANY CLAIM THAT THE APPLICATION FAILS TO CONFORM TO ANY
        APPLICABLE LEGAL OR REGULATORY REQUIREMENT, (iii) CLAIMS ARISING UNDER CONSUMER PROTECTION OR SIMILAR
        LEGISLATION, OR (iv) ANY CLAIMS, LOSSES, LIABILITIES, DAMAGES, COSTS OR EXPENSES ATTRIBUTABLE TO ANY FAILURE OF
        THE APPLICATION TO CONFORM TO ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. IF YOU HAVE PAID ANY FEE TO APPLE FOR USE OF THE
        APPLICATION, IN THE EVENT OF ANY FAILURE OF THE APPLICATION TO CONFORM TO ANY APPLICABLE WARRANTY, YOU MAY
        NOTIFY APPLE, AND APPLE WILL, AS YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY, REFUND TO YOU THE PURCHASE PRICE PAID, IF ANY,
        FOR THE APPLICATION. APPLE WILL HAVE NO OTHER WARRANTY OBLIGATION WHATSOEVER WITH RESPECT TO THE APPLICATION.
GOOGLE
Additional provisions and Usage Rules required by Google Inc. (“Google”) may
        be found at
Google Play Terms
            of Service page
. If Your Device is manufactured by
        Google or if You obtain the downloadable Application through Google Play, You and Carnival acknowledge and agree
        that Google and its subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries to this License, and that, upon Your acceptance
        of the terms and conditions of this License, Google will have the right to enforce this License against You in
        its capacity as a third party beneficiary to the License.
April 2015
CARNIVAL'S SMS MESSAGE AND ALERT SERVICE AGREEMENT
Your use of Carnival’s text message service (the “Service”) is governed by this SMS Message and
        Alert Service Agreement (“Agreement”) which incorporates the terms of the cruise ticket contract as
        if restated herein. You must be at least 18 years old to use the Service, and if you are under18, your parent or
        legal guardian must have read and agreed to the below terms before subscribing.
Please read the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement carefully. Your use and continued access of the
        Service will constitute your ongoing agreement to this Agreement with its changes and revisions. For purposes of
        this Agreement "you" shall mean the owner or authorized user of the mobile device whose telephone number is
        submitted to subscribe to the Service. You further represent that you are authorized to accept these terms and
        conditions. If you cannot accept this Agreement, do not use the Service. This Agreement may be modified at any
        time without any prior notice. It is your responsibility to regularly check the site to determine if there have
        been changes to this User Agreement and to review such changes. Your failure to abide by this Agreement or any
        other terms or conditions posted anywhere within the Service may result in suspension or termination of your
        access to the Service, without notice, in addition to Carnival's other remedies.
1. The Service
i. Subscription to Booking & Account-Related Text Messages:
As part of the Service, you may subscribe to receive text messages (SMS) about for sailing alerts,
                    or payment
                    reminders, and/or cancellations to your designated mobile phone or wireless ("Device"). Text
                    messages may be
                    sent using an automatic telephone dialing system or prerecorded. Payment reminder and cancellation
                    texts will be
                    limited to five (5) texts before the commencement of your voyage. The number of sailing alerts will
                    depend on
                    the voyage booked but will not exceed ten (10) per voyage. Consent is not required as a condition of
                    purchase.
To subscribe, simply check the box confirming acceptance in the Online Check-in system and provide
                    your Device
                    phone number. You can also subscribe with our contact center over the phone. By subscribing to
                    receive these
                    text messages, you agree to receive booking and account-related text messages from Carnival or its
                    third party
                    service provider to your Device phone number. You represent and warrant that you are the registered
                    owner or
                    authorized user of the Device and phone number provided and that you are authorized to enroll the
                    designated
                    phone number to receive such text messages. You agree and represent that the Device phone number you
                    provide at
                    subscription is accurate and up-to-date. If your Device phone number changes, you must immediately
                    update it as
                    set forth in Section (iii). Standard data and message rates apply. For information on how to
                    unsubscribe, see
                    Section 1(v)(a) below.
ii. Subscription to Personal Vacation Planner (PVP) and Marketing Text
                Messages
As part of the Service, you may subscribe to receive text messages (SMS) for your PVP’s contact
                    information,
                    virtual business card (MMS/vCard), and other sales/marketing information via text message. Text
                    messages may be
                    sent using an automatic telephone dialing system or prerecorded. By subscribing to receive these
                    text messages,
                    you agree to receive marketing messages on a recurring basis from Carnival or its third party
                    service provider
                    to your Device phone number. Consent is not required as a condition of purchase.
To subscribe, contact your Personal Vacation Planner by phone to request a virtual business card
                    then simply
                    reply "yes" to incoming text message communication. You represent and warrant that you are the
                    registered owner
                    or authorized user of the Device and phone number provided and that you are authorized to enroll the
                    designated
                    phone number to receive such text messages. You agree and represent that the Device phone number you
                    provide at
                    subscription is accurate and up-to-date. If your Device phone number changes, you must immediately
                    update it as
                    set forth in Section 1(iii). Standard data and message rates apply. For information on how to
                    unsubscribe, see
                    Section 1(v) (b) below.
For additional information regarding use of personal information you supply or communicate to
                    Carnival or the
                    Service, please see our
Privacy Notice
.
For additional questions, please
Contact Us
.
iii. Functionality; Security; Mobile Use Precautions
This Service is offered on an "as is" and "as available" basis without warranties of any kind,
                    except as
                    otherwise expressly stated. Text messaging service may not be available at all times and in all
                    areas; certain
                    variables could affect delivery of the messages, including but not limited to the functionality of
                    your
                    carrier’s network and text messaging platform, and restrictions set by your carrier to your account.
                    Carnival or
                    its text messaging provider does not guarantee message delivery, timeliness, or that messaging
                    Services, will be
                    available at all times. Carnival is not responsible for messages that are lost or misdirected.
                    Carnival will
                    send you a confirmation text when you have opt in or out to receive text messages.
If you have reason to believe that access to your Device is no longer secure (e.g., loss, theft or
                    unauthorized
                    disclosure or use of your Device used to access the Service), you must promptly change your contact
                    information
                    in Carnival’s online check-in system (for booking and account-related text messages) or by
                    contacting your
                    Personal Vacation Planner (for PVP and marketing text messages).
You are solely responsible for keeping the Service updated with your current phone number. Blocking
                    messages will
                    disable the ability to send or receive text messages. Carnival shall not be liable for information
                    sent to a
                    Device that is associated with your outdated mobile phone number. If you install any software or
                    enable any
                    service that stores information from the Service on any Device or computer, it is your
                    responsibility, prior to
                    transfer of such Device, to remove your information or otherwise disable access to such software or
                    service, in
                    order to prevent unauthorized access to your information or account.
iv. Third Party Charges and Mobile Alerts
A mobile phone or wireless device is required to use the Service. The messaging Service is not
                    available on all
                    rates plans. Your carrier may charge you for each text message sent and received. Higher rates may
                    apply to
                    messages received when travelling internationally. Contact your carrier for text messaging rates and
                    terms
                    applicable to your plan. You are solely responsible for any fees or charges incurred from
                    participating in the
                    Service. Under no circumstances will Carnival, its selected third party service provider, any of its
                    agents or
                    respective corporate affiliates be responsible or liable for any text messaging or wireless service
                    charges
                    incurred by you or a person that had access to your mobile phone or wireless device, or for any
                    overcharge or
                    billing error by or any billing dispute with your participating carrier.
v. How to Unsubscribe from the Service:
a.  Booking & Account-Related Text Messages
You may unsubscribe at any time by texting the keyword "STOP" to 278473. The STOP request
                            includes your agreement
                            that Carnival or its third party service provider may send to your Device a single
                            confirmation message within
                            24 hours of receipt of your STOP message. Unsubscribing from booking and account-related
                            text messages will
not
unsubscribe you from PVP and marketing text messages (if you have
                            previously subscribed to
                            receive those text messages).
b.  Personal Vacation Planner (PVP) and Marketing Text Messages
You may unsubscribe at any time by texting the keyword "STOP" to 38574. The stop request
                            includes your agreement
                            that Carnival or its third party service provider may send to your Device a single
                            confirmation message within
                            the 24 hours of receipt of your STOP message. Unsubscribing from PVP and marketing text
                            messages will
not
unsubscribe you from booking and account-related text messages (if you
                            have previously
                            subscribed to receive those text messages).
vi. Use of the Service
The Service is intended for your personal, noncommercial use only. You are solely responsible for
                    maintaining
                    confidentiality of your contact information and information received on your Device, and for failure
                    to do so.
                    You are solely responsible for all use of the Service by you and anyone you allow access to the
                    Service on your
                    Device.
Top
2. Third Party Service Providers
Carnival reserves the right to hire a third party for the purpose of providing its Service. You acknowledge that
        all third party Service providers are independent contractors, and that Carnival neither supervises nor controls
        their actions, nor makes any representation either express or implied as to their suitability. You agree that
        Carnival assumes no responsibility, does not guarantee performance and in no event shall be liable for any
        negligent or intentional acts or omissions, loss, damage, injury or delay to Guest and/or Guest’s property
        or effects in connection with the Service. Consent to receive messages from Carnival includes consent to receive
        messages transmitted for Carnival by a third party.
3. Intellectual Property
The Service contains material that is owned by Carnival and protected by state, national and international
        copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws. You may not modify, copy, reproduce, republish,
        upload, post, transmit or distribute in any way any material, including code and software, from the Service.
You agree not to disrupt, overwhelm, attack, modify or interfere with the Service or its associated software,
        hardware and/or servers in any way, and you agree not to impede or interfere with others' use of the Service.
        You further agree not to alter or tamper with any information or materials on or associated with the Service.
4. Indemnification
You agree to indemnify Carnival and its affiliates, employees, agents, representatives and third party Service
        Providers, and to defend and hold each of them harmless, from any and all claims and liabilities (including
        attorneys fees) which may arise from your conduct, from your unauthorized use of material obtained through the
        Service, or from your breach of this Agreement, or from any such acts through your use of the Service.
5.  Disclaimer Of Warranty And Limitation Of Liability
You acknowledge that you are using the service at your own risk. The Service is provided “as is,” and
        Carnival, its affiliates and its third party Service providers:
expressly disclaim any and all warranties, express and
            implied, including but not limited to any warranties of accuracy, reliability, title,
            merchantability, non-infringement, fitness for a particular purpose or any other warranty,
            condition, guarantee or representation, whether oral, in writing or in electronic form,
            including but not limited to the accuracy or completeness of any information contained therein
            or provided by the Service.
do not represent or warrant that access to the Service
            will be uninterrupted or that there will be no failures, errors or omissions or loss of
            transmitted information, or that no viruses will be transmitted on the Service.
undertake no responsibility for damages caused by the
            inclusion of erroneous, incomplete or outdated information in itineraries.
shall not be liable to your or any third parties for
            any direct, indirect, special, consequential or punitive damages allegedly sustained arising out
            of this agreement, including but not limited to: the providing of services hereunder, the
            delivery or non-delivery of information, your access to or inability to access the Service,
            including for viruses alleged to have been obtained from the Service, your use of or reliance on
            the Service or any of the information, regardless of the type of claim or the nature of the
            cause of action, even if advised of the possibility of such damages.
You hereby agree to release Carnival, its affiliates and third-party service providers and each of their
        respective directors, officers, employees, and agents from claims, demands and damages (actual and
        consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and
        undisclosed, arising out of or in any way connected with your use of the Service.
6. Termination Or Suspension Of Access To The Service
Carnival has the right to terminate and/or suspend your ability to access the Service or any portion thereof, for
        any or no reason, without notice.
7. General.
This Agreement is governed by the laws of the state of Florida without giving effect to any principles of
        conflicts of law. You agree that any action at law or in equity arising out of or relating to these terms shall
        be filed only in the state or federal courts located in Miami-Dade County and you hereby consent and submit to
        the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purposes of litigating any such action. If any provision of
        these terms shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed
        severable from these terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
        This is the entire agreement between us relating to the subject matter herein. Any delay or failure to enforce
        any term by Carnival shall not be deemed a waiver.  Any cause of action must be brought within ONE YEAR of
        the date the claim arises.
Top
COPYRIGHT & TRADEMARKS
Carnival Cruise Line © 2006 - 2025 Carnival Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
The Carnival brand is one of the most widely recognized in the cruise industry, and the trademarks developed by
        Carnival Cruise Line (“Carnival”) identify the Carnival products and differentiate Carnival’s services from
        those of its competitors.
CARNIVAL, CARNIVAL CRUISE LINE, THE WINGED SHIP FUNNEL DESIGNS, CHOOSE FUN, the Carnival Cruise Line ship names,
        Carnival shipboard and shoreside program and amenity names and all other trademarks, slogans, logos and imagery
        used on this website and in the advertising and promotional material published by Carnival are, whether or not
        registered, owned by Carnival.
Carnival considers its compilation of links to Internet resources, the description of those resources and the
        information contained within Carnival's websites, including but not limited to, the site design, text, graphics,
        photographs, interfaces, and selection and arrangement of same, to be copyright-protected materials. You are not
        authorized to copy, reproduce or modify any portion of Carnival’s websites without prior written
        authorization.
The name of Carnival and its trademarks, service marks, trade names, patents, copyright-protected materials and
        imagery may not be used without prior, specific, written permission from Carnival, except by those travel agents
        who advertise, market and book Carnival cruises in conformity with Carnival’s published Travel Agency Guidelines
        located at GoCCL.com. For all other purposes, whether commercial or personal, the transmission, use, copying or
        modification of the Images, in whole or in part, in any form or by any means, whether electronic, mechanical, by
        photocopy or recording, is strictly prohibited without the prior written consent or licensure of Carnival.
        Unauthorized use of the Imagery and the information contained herein may constitute a violation of applicable
        intellectual property, criminal, civil or privacy laws. In no event may a Carnival trademark be combined with or
        appear as a trademark or logo next to any other business name, word(s) or logo(s) without express written
        authorization from Carnival.
Carnival reserves the right to bring any civil action in Miami, Florida, arising from the improper or
        unauthorized use of this website or any part thereof, including without limitation for infringement of its
        trademarks and other intellectual property.
Carnival makes no warranty, express or implied, with respect to the use of the links provided; does not
        guarantee the accuracy, completeness, usefulness or adequacy of any resources, information, apparatus, product
        or process accessed via this website; and is not responsible for any errors or omissions in the resources or
        information accessed via this Home Page or for the results obtained from the use of such resources or
        information.
If you have reason to believe that any person, company or business has violated Carnival's trademark rights or
        infringed Carnival's copyright-protected materials, please notify the Legal Department at Carnival's Miami,
        Florida offices by e-mail at
cclegaldepartment@carnival.com
.
DMCA & COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT
Carnival will investigate notices of copyright infringement and take appropriate actions under the Digital
        Millennium Copyright Act, Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(2) ("DMCA").
Pursuant to the DMCA, written notification of claimed copyright infringement must be submitted to the following
        designated agent for this website:
Attn: Legal Department at
cclegaldepartment@carnival.com
.
You should include the following information: (1) a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to
        act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; (2) identification of the
        copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed; (3) identification of the material that is claimed to be
        infringing and information reasonably sufficient to permit location of the material; (4) information reasonably
        sufficient to permit us to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an email
        address; (5) a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of
        is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and (6) a statement that the information in the
        notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of
        an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Upon receipt of notices complying with the DMCA, Carnival will act to remove or disable access to any material
        found to be infringing or found to be the subject of infringing activity and will act to remove or disable
        access to any reference or link to material or activity that is found to be infringing. Please note that
        Carnival may request additional information before removing any infringing material. If a dispute develops as to
        the correct owner of the rights in question, Carnival reserves the right to remove the content along with that
        of the alleged infringer pending resolution of the matter.
Sub-policy 1
https://www.carnival.com/about-carnival/legal-notice/privacy-notice.aspx:
Skip to Main Content
Home
Legal Notice
Privacy Notice
Legal Notice
Pause animation button
Legal
Notice
Privacy &
Cookies
Ad Choice
Policy
Cruise Ticket
Contract
Passenger
Bill of Rights
Terms &
Conditions
Mobile Application
Terms & Conditions
SMS Terms
& Conditions
Copyright &
Trademarks
LEGAL NOTICE
There is nothing more important to us than the safety of our guests. Comprehensive, fleet-wide security practices
        have been in place for many years, which include the reporting of alleged crimes to the FBI. However, as a
        result of the Cruise Vessel Security and Safety Act of 2010, statistics for cruise ship crime allegations will
        now be posted on the internet for public viewing. Public reporting requirements, mandated by this law, are
        unique to the cruise industry and similar requirements do not exist for other travel suppliers such as airlines,
        hotels and theme parks.
The statistics, cited within the U.S. Coast Guard's web site, represent crime allegations in different categories
        occurring on cruise ships sailing from North America, which must be reported in accordance to the Cruise Vessel
        Security and Safety Act of 2010.
It is worth noting that these alleged incidents are no longer under investigation by the FBI and may have been
        reported without sufficient evidence. Additionally, it is most important to put these statistics within proper
        context so that everyone can understand that the incidence of crime on board is very small given the large
        number of guests we carry.
A Carnival cruise remains one of the safest vacation options available.
Incident Reporting Statistics Site
CARNIVAL PRIVACY SUMMARY
Last Updated: 05/12/2023
Carnival Cruise Line (“
Carnival Cruise Line
,” “
we
,”
        “
our
,” or “
us
”) is a division of Carnival Corporation
        & plc. We recognize that your privacy is important. Your choice to share information with us is an important
        part
        of how we provide a world-class travel experience. We've developed this Privacy Summary to give you a quick
        understanding of how and why we collect, use, and share your information both online and in the real world.
If you want more information, you can read the full version of the
Carnival
            Privacy Notice
.
HOW WE COLLECT AND USE YOUR INFORMATION
We collect many categories of personal information. The categories we collect may include: Contact and profile
        information; comments and suggestions, chat and opinions; Payment and transaction information; Location
        information; Information provided by social networks; Information provided by third parties; Information about
        fraudulent or criminal activity related to your account.
This information is collected from you in many ways, which are described in the full
Privacy
            Notice
. A few examples include:
WHEN YOU PROVIDE PERSONAL INFORMATION TO US.
We collect personal information about
            you when you register for an account, make a purchase, sign up for marketing communications, participate in
            an offer, or send it to us.
WHILE YOU ARE ON YOUR VACATION.
We collect personal information about you when you
            choose to use our or our third-party partners' services, including amenities, excursions, casinos, and
            otherwise through photo and video footage of our ships.
WHEN YOU USE OUR ONLINE SERVICES.
We collect some personal information about you
            automatically as you use our Service and during your vacation.
FROM THIRD-PARTY SOURCES.
We may also collect personal information from our
            third-party partners who help us to provide the Service or from other third- party partners to supplement or
            enhance our information.
We use personal information to facilitate your vacation and our other Services, to fulfill your requests,
        process transactions and contact you; to send you personalized advertising and promotional content and
        materials; to analyze and improve our Services and our business; and for other reasons described more fully in
        our Privacy Notice below.
If you are travelling on an Ocean Medallion Class
®
vessel, we collect information about your use of OCEAN® services, including our applications, websites, and the on-board interactive features during your trip. Please see
MedallionClass™
sections of our Privacy Notice for more
        information.
To learn more about the information we collect and how we use it, see our full
Privacy
            Notice
.
HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
We share information in a variety of circumstances to provide our services, respond to your requests, improve
        your experience, and otherwise conduct our business. For example, we may share information:
With our affiliates and companies in the Carnival Corporation & plc family of companies, who may use your information in the same way as we can under our Privacy Notice.
With third party partners and service providers to facilitate our Services, fulfill your orders or requests, when you choose to share your activities on Carnival Cruise Line with your friends and contacts, or when you engage in promotional activities we provide with third party partners.
With select third parties, so that they can provide you with information and marketing messages about
            products and services you may enjoy.
In connection with a corporate transaction, such as a merger, sale, reorganization, financing, or in
            the event of a bankruptcy or related or similar proceeding.
Where we believe such disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the personal safety or health of our
            guests, family members or others or support the health and wellbeing of our crew and the broader public.
As required by law or subpoena where necessary to comply with law and law enforcement, to enforce our
Terms
, to protect the
            security or integrity of our Services, and to exercise or protect the rights, property, health and safety of
            us and
            other third-parties. To learn more about these and other ways in which we may share your personal
            information, please see our full
Privacy Notice
.
CHOICES ABOUT YOUR
        INFORMATION
We want you to understand your choices regarding how we may process your personal information. Depending on how
        you use the Service, these choices may include the following:
ABOUT OUR ADS.
We participate in interest-based advertising and use third party
            advertising companies to serve you targeted advertisements based on your browsing history. To learn more
            about our advertising practices and your choices relating to advertising, please see the
Ad Choice Policy
for more
            information.
PROFILE ACCESS & SHARING SETTINGS.
You may access and update your profile
            information, such as your user name, address, or billing information, and may change some of your data
            sharing preferences on your account page.
DEVICE SETTINGS.
If you would like to update your device access permissions, such as
            permissions to access your geolocation, camera or address book, you can do so in the "Settings" app on your
            mobile device.
PROMOTIONAL MESSAGES.
You can stop receiving promotional email communications from
            us by following the "unsubscribe" instructions provided in such communications. We make every effort to
            promptly process all unsubscribe requests. You may still receive Service-related communications, including
            account verification, transactional communications, changes/updates to features of the Services, and
            technical and security notices.
Please be sure to check the full
Privacy Notice
for more information about your choices.
REGION-SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES
We may choose or be required by law to provide different or additional disclosures relating to the processing of
        personal information about residents of certain countries, regions or states. Please refer below for disclosures
        that may be applicable to you:
– If you are a resident of the State of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, or Virginia in the United States, please visit the
U.S. State Privacy Rights
section for more information.
– If you are a resident of the State of Nevada in the United States, please visit the
Nevada Privacy
                Rights
section for more information.
– If you are located in the European Economic Area, Switzerland and the UK (“EEA”), please visit the
European Privacy Rights
section for more information.
– If you are located in Brazil, please visit the
Brazil Privacy Rights
section for more information.
– If you are located in the People’s Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan), please visit
            the
China
                Privacy Rights
section for more information.
QUESTIONS?
For more questions about our Privacy Notice, please feel free to email us at
dpo@carnival.com
Back to top
CARNIVAL PRIVACY NOTICE
Carnival Cruise Line (“Carnival Cruise Line”,”
“we,”
“our,”
or
“us”
) is a division of Carnival Corporation & plc.  Carnival Cruise Line includes 1972 Productions Inc., 6348 Equipment L.L.C, A.C.N. 098 290 834 Pty. Ltd., A.J. Juneau Dock LLC, Adventure Island Ltd., AIDA Kundencenter GmbH, AIDAradio GmbH, Alaska Hotel Properties LLC, Air-Sea Holiday GmbH, Barcelona Cruise Terminal SLU, Bay Island Cruise Port S.A., Belize Cruise Terminal Limited, Carnival (UK) Limited, Carnival Bahamas FC Limited, Carnival Bahamas Holdings Limited, Carnival Corporation & plc Asia Pte. Ltd., Carnival Corporation Hong Kong Limited, Carnival Corporation Korea Ltd., Carnival Corporation Ports Group Japan KK, Carnival Finance LLC, Carnival Grand Bahama Investment Limited, Carnival Investments Limited, Carnival Japan Inc., Carnival License Holdings Limited, Carnival Maritime GmbH, Carnival North America LLC, Carnival Port Holdings Limited, Carnival Ports Inc., Carnival Support Services India Private Limited, Carnival Technical Services (UK) Limited, Carnival Technical Services Finland Limited, Carnival Technical Services GmbH, Carnival Vanuatu Limited, CC U.S. Ventures Inc., CCL Gifts LLC, Costa Crociere PTE Ltd, Costa Crociere S.p.A., Costa Crociere S.A., Costa Cruise Lines Inc., Costa Cruise Lines UK Limited, Costa Cruises Customer Service S.L.U., Costa Cruises Shipping Services (Shanghai) Company Limited, Costa Cruises Travel Agency (Shanghai) Co. Ltd., Costa Cruises Turkey Turizm Gelisim A.S., Costa Cruzeiros Agencia Maritima e Turismo Ltda., Costa International B.V., Costa Kreuzfahrten GmbH, Cozumel Cruise Terminal S.A. de C.V., Cruise Ships Catering & Services International N.V., Cruise Terminal Services S.A de C.V., Cruiseport Curacao C.V., CSMART Real Estate B.V., CSMART Real Estate C.V., CSSC Carnival (Shanghai) Cruise Shipping Limited, CSSC Carnival Italy Cruise Investment S.r.L., D.R. Cruise Port Ltd., F.P.M. SAS, F.P.P. SAS, Fleet Maritime Services (Bermuda) Limited, Fleet Maritime Services Holdings (Bermuda) Limited, Fleet Maritime Services International Limited, Gibs Inc, Global Experience Innovators Inc, Global Fine Arts Inc, Global Shipping Service (Shanghai) Co. Ltd., Grand Cruise Shipping Unipessoal LdA, Grand Turk Cruise Center Ltd, GXI LLC, HAL Antillen N.V., HAL Beheer B.V., HAL Maritime Ltd., HAL Nederland N.V., HAL Properties Limited, HAL Services B.V., Holding Division Iberocruceros SLU, Holland America Line Inc., Holland America Line N.V., Holland America Line Paymaster of Washington LLC, Holland America Line U.S.A. Inc., HSE Hamberg School of Entertainment GmbH, Ibero Cruzeiros Ltda., Ibercruceros SLU, Information Assistance Corporation, International Cruise Services S.A. de C.V., International Leisure Travel Inc., International Maritime Recruitment Agency S.A. de C.V., Milestone N.V., Navitrans S.R.L., Ocean Bahamas Innovation Ltd., Ocean Medallion Fulfilment Ltd., Odds on Gaming Corporation, Operadora Catalina S.r.L., P&O Princess American Holdings, P&O Princess Cruises International Limited, P&O Princess Cruises Pension Trustee Limited, P&O Properties (California) Inc., P&O Travel Limited, Piccapietra Finance S.r.L., Prestige Cruises Management S.A.M., Prestige Cruises N.V., Princess Bermuda Holdings LTD., Princess Cays Ltd., Princess Cruise Corporation Inc., Princess Cruise Lines Ltd., Princess Cruises and Tours Inc., Princess U.S. Holdings Inc., RCT Maintenance & Related Services S.A., RCT Pilots & Related Services S.A., RCT Security & Related Services S.A., Roatan Cruise Terminal S.A. de C.V., Royal Hyway Tours Inc., Santa Cruz Terminal S.L., Seabourn Cruise Line Limited, SeaVacations Limited, SeaVacations UK Limited, Shanghai Coast Cruise Consulting Co. Lda., Ship Care (Bahamas) Limited, Sitmar Cruises Inc., Spanish Cruise Services N.V., Sunshine Shipping Corporation Ltd., T&T International Inc., Tour Alaska LLC, Transnational Services Corporation, Trident Insurance Company Ltd., Welcome Travel Group S.p.A., West Sicily Gate S.r.L., Westmark Hotels of Canada Ltd., Westmark Hotels Inc, Westours Motor Coaches LLC, World Leading Cruise Management (Shanghai) Co. Ltd.  We recognize that your privacy is important.  Your choice to share information with us is an important part of how we provide a world-class travel experience. We’ve developed this Privacy Notice to explain how your personal information is collected, used, stored, processed, transferred and disclosed by Carnival Cruise Line, both online and in the real world.
Our Services.
This Privacy Notice applies to our websites and applications, including Carnival.com and the HubApp and any other website, mobile application, or other online service that links to this Notice  (collectively, our “
Sites
”) and describes how
        we collect, use and process your personal information in connection with our Sites, marketing and promotional
        activities and your interactions with us before, during and after one of our vacation experiences (collectively
        with our Sites, our “
Services
”).
Please note that this privacy notice does not apply to our processing of information about employees, crew,
        contractors or our vendor contacts.
By providing us with your personal information or otherwise using our Services, you acknowledge that you have
        read, understood and agree to the terms of this Privacy Notice and our
Terms of
            Service
.
Click on the links below to jump to each section:
HOW WE COLLECT AND USE YOUR INFORMATION
HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
CHOICES ABOUT YOUR INFORMATION
COVID-19 NOTICE
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
REGION-SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
TSA SECURE FLIGHT NOTICE
LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY NOTICE
QUESTION? COMMENTS? CONTACT US
Back to top
HOW WE COLLECT AND USE YOUR INFORMATION
We collect personal information in various ways, for example, when you visit our online sites and services, book
        travel, create an account, enjoy our vacation experiences while on a voyage, communicate with us or otherwise
        engage with our Services. All of the information collected through our Services may be combined to provide a
        seamless, personalized experience, regardless of how you interact with us.
The categories of personal information we collect can include:
Personal identifiers
such as your name, email address, mailing address, phone
            number,
            date of birth or similar identifiers.
Customer records
such as your identification documents, payment information
            (credit or
            debit card or other financial information).
Commercial information
such as your travel history, account data, participation in a loyalty or rewards program, information about the products or services purchased or considered.
Health or medical information
such as health monitoring information, accessibility
            information, care in one of our shipboard clinics, medications, allergies or other medical accommodation
            needs.
Sensory information
such as photos and videos of you and audio recordings of phone
            calls between you and us, where permitted by law.
Biometric information
, including facial identifiers that can recognize you from
            photos and video.
Preferences
you provide to us or generated through your use of the Services,
            including
            inferences we may make based on our experience with you.
Internet, network and device information
from the browser or device you use to
            access
            our Services, which could include your IP address, device ID, cookie identifiers, browser type, internet
            service
            provider, referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp and or clickstream data.
Geolocation data
including precise geolocation data from your browser or device or
            inferred based on your IP address.
Professional information
if you submit a job application or in connection with
            your
            role as a travel partner or agent.
Background check information
that we may receive from third-party sources, such as criminal and sex offender registry information.
Keep reading to learn more about how we collect personal information you provide to us directly, information we
        collect through your use of the Services or your travel experience, and information we receive through third
        parties, and the purposes for which we use your information.
A. When You Provide Personal Information to Us.
REGISTRATION & PROFILE.
If you register for an account
            through our Services or complete your traveler profile, we collect your personal identifiers, customer
            records,
            commercial information and, if you provide it, information about health or medical conditions. We use this
            information to create and administer your account, provide you with the relevant Services and information,
            communicate with you regarding your account and your use of the Services, provide rewards and loyalty
            program
            perks, for customer support purposes, and to send you marketing communications by email, push notification,
            or
            by text message, in accordance with your preferences.
TRAVEL BOOKINGS & ORDERS.
If you book travel with us or
            order additional products or Services, we collect a variety of information, including your personal
            identifiers,
            customer records, commercial information and, if you provide it, information about health or medical
            conditions,
            as well as any other information you choose to provide to us. We use this information to process your
            transaction, complete and ship your purchase, book and confirm your travel itinerary, communicate with you
            and
            those traveling with you about your itinerary and to administer the Services.
INQUIRIES & COMMUNICATIONS.
If you communicate with us or
            other guests through any paper or electronic form to request an itinerary, deck plan, brochure, ebrochure or
            video, or to otherwise inquire or communicate with us or other guests, we collect your personal identifiers,
            commercial information, and any other personal information you choose to provide in the content of your
            message.
            We use this information to investigate and respond to your inquiries, to facilitate communication with us
            and
            the other guests, to provide you with requested information, to enhance the services we offer to our guests,
            and
            to manage and grow our business. If you represent a company or agency interested in partnering with us, we
            will
            also collect your professional and employment information in order to respond to your inquiries, communicate
            with you, to manage and grow our organization and to facilitate a business relationship.
SURVEYS & SWEEPSTAKES.
If you choose to take advantage of a
            promotion, respond to a survey, or enter a contest or sweepstakes, we collect your personal identifiers,
            customer records and any other personal information you are requested to provide at the time, or choose to
            provide to us. We use this information to administer and facilitate the Services, to respond to your
            submission,
            to communicate with you, to conduct market research, inform our marketing and advertising activities and
            improve
            and grow our business.
DEVICE CONTENT (CONTACTS AND PHOTOS).
With your permission, we will collect content from
            the device you use to access our online Services, such as photos from your device camera roll and camera and
            the contacts from your address book. We use this information to share photos and video you take during your
            vacation or to communicate with your contacts. For
            more
            information on how to withdraw your permission, please see the
Choices About Your
                Information
section below.
You may provide personal information for yourself and those traveling with you. By providing us with the travel
        or contact information of any third party, you confirm that you have the authority to do so on their behalf and
        have provided them with the information set out in this Privacy Notice. The personal information of each person
        whose personal information is linked to the same travel itinerary may be accessible by all others included in
        that same itinerary.
B. While You Are On Your Vacation.
When you take part in the Services aboard one of our ships or at one of our properties, we collect information
        about your visit, including information about your interactions with our staff, programming and with the
        technology-enhanced features of our ships and hotels.
There are a few different types of vacation experiences where we may collect and use your information:
AMENITIES, EXCURSIONS & ADD-ON SERVICES.
If you choose to
            take advantage of our amenities or enhance your vacation with on-board purchases of goods or Services, we
            collect your personal identifiers, customer records, and commercial information. Depending on the Service,
            we
            may also need to collect information about your health or medical conditions. We use this information to
            process
            your transaction, book and administer your Services, to communicate with you and those travelling with you
            about
            your Services, and to inform our advertising and marketing activities. Where the Services are provided by
            third-party companies, we will use your information to coordinate and facilitate their provision of the
            Service.
INCIDENTS AND HEALTH SCREENINGS.
If, while traveling with us, you suffer a personal injury,
            fall ill, submit a claim about a personal injury, or are otherwise involved in an incident, we collect your
            personal identifiers, health or medical information and details about the incident. We may also screen you
            for symptoms of potential contagions, such as COVID-19, that may present a risk to the other guests and crew
            members aboard our ships, including through temperature checks, self-assessment questionnaires and tissue
            sampling. We use this information to attend to your medical and safety needs and those of our guests and
            crew, maintain records of incidents, facilitate investigations and remedies, to protect our rights and the
            rights of our guests, for security and public health purposes, to prevent fraud, and to improve our
            Services.
PHOTO & VIDEO FOOTAGE.
We collect a security photo at or before you board our ships. We
            operate closed circuit television (CCTV) cameras on board our ships, including at all access points and
            throughout the public areas. These CCTV cameras record continually and
images
                    of you
may appear in these recordings ("
CCTV images
").
            Photographers and camera crews
            take photographs and make films for guests to purchase at the end of their vacation or for our own
            promotional use. They are happy to take reasonable steps to avoid filming or photographing you where you
            indicate to the person with the camera that this is your preference , but we are unable to guarantee that
            your images will not be included on an incidental basis. We use this information for our own promotional
            purposes, to maintain records of incidents, facilitate investigations and remedies, to protect our rights
            and the rights of our guests, for security purposes, to enable public health measures, to prevent fraud, and
            to improve our Services. We may apply facial recognition technology to your security photo to facilitate
            camera-enabled rapid embarkation, debarkation, at entry and exit of the vessel at ports of call. We may also
            use facial recognition to link the pictures and videos taken by onboard photographers or videographers to
            you for ease of ordering and to reduce paper waste. After sailing, you will still be able to access your
            linked photos and videos via our connection with a third-party photo library service. We delete facial
            biometric identifiers promptly following completion of the voyage though we may retain any photos that have
            been identified and linked to a guest account for up to two (2) years to enable guest access and purchase of
            photos and photo memorabilia after the end of the voyage.
CASINO.
If you choose to play or use the services in one of our Casinos or gaming arcades
            and/or participate in one or more bingo sessions or online gaming experiences, we may collect your personal
            identifiers, customer records and commercial information. We also collect information about your gaming
            activity, such as the games you play, duration of play, results of play, total amount wagered, and amount of
            winnings. We may use this information to validate your identity and age, to determine your eligibility for
            promotions and offers during your vacation and for future travel, to inform our marketing and advertising
            activities, and to communicate directly with you. In addition, we may use this information to generate
            win/loss statement, to conduct credit checks, process lines of credit, or otherwise as needed to comply with
            our legal obligations and to prevent or investigate fraud.
Note:
guest casino sites may only be
            available in
            international waters or locations where permitted by applicable jurisdictional laws.
MEDALLIONCLASS™.
Where available on
            MedallionClass™ ships and at certain resorts or
            destinations, we
            collect information from and linked to your use of your Medallion® wearable (the
            “
Medallion®
”), as well as
            information collected through OCEAN® websites and applications, including MedallionClass™, PlayOcean®, and
            Ocean® Casino ( together with MedallionClass™ ships and destinations, the “
MedallionClass™
                Services
”), your
            use of the Medallion® during your vacation, and from your booking and interactions with our Services
            on-board and in select resorts. The wearable Medallion® allows us to collect your
position and
                movement
                information
through sensors and readers located throughout our MedallionClass™ ships and in
            certain resorts
            and properties which emit a signal that detects the presence of the Medallion®. This allows us to gather
            information about your position and location within the ship and your movements on-board. The Medallion®
            technology is not a global positioning system and cannot detect the precise geolocation (lat/long) of an
            individual. The Medallion® is linked to your other personal information associated with your registration
            and traveler profile. We use this information to enable certain personalized features and Services online
            and during your vacation. For example, we use this information to locate you during your vacation and enable
            you to locate other members of your family, to contact you and deliver requested Services to your location
            (e.g., food delivery), to send you content or messaging relevant to your location and to customize your
            interactions with our Services. We may also use this information to monitor and protect the health and
            safety of our guests, including to conduct contact tracing, or investigate wrongful acts or allegations as
            appropriate. We may also use this information, individually and in aggregate, to develop and improve our
            Services and to understand the movement patterns and behaviors of guests on our ship. When you make a
            purchase through the MedallionClass™ Services using your Medallion®, we will process the commercial
            information you have on file in order to complete your transaction, detect and prevent fraud, and to inform
            our advertising and marketing.
C. When You Use Our Online Services.
When you visit our Sites or use our Services, read our emails, or otherwise engage with us through a computer or mobile device, we and our third party partners automatically collect information you provide to us and information about how you access and use the Service and information about the device you use to access the Service.
We typically collect this information through a variety of tracking technologies, including cookies, Flash objects, web beacons, embedded scripts, APIs and mobile software development kits (SDKs), location-identifying technologies, and similar technology (collectively, “
tracking technologies
”), and we may use third party services and technologies to collect this information. Information we collect automatically about you may be combined with other personal information we collect directly or receive from other sources.
Specifically, we and our third party partners may use tracking technologies to automatically collect commercial information, preferences, and internet, network and device information, including:
Information about how you access the Service,
such as the site from which you came and the site to which you are going when you leave our Sites, how frequently you access the Service, when and whether you open emails or click the links contained in emails, your location when you access or interact with our Service, whether you access the Service from multiple devices and other actions you take on the Service.
Information about how you use the Service,
such as the pages you visit, the links you click, the ads you view and click on, videos you watch, purchase information and your checkout process, and other similar actions. We may also use third-party tools to collect information you provide to us or information about how you use the Service and may record your mouse movements, scrolling, clicks and keystroke activity on our Sites and other browsing behavior. These tools may also record information you enter when you interact withour Service or engage in chat features through our service.
Information about the computer, tablet, smartphone or other device you use,
such as your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, platform type, device type/model/manufacturer, operating system, date and time stamp, a unique ID that allows us to uniquely identify your browser, mobile device or your account (including, e.g., a persistent device identifier or an Ad ID), and other such information.
Analytics information.
We may collect analytics data, or use third party analytics tools, to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service and to understand more about the demographics and behaviors of our users.
All of the information collected automatically through these tools allows us to improve your customer experience. For example, we may use this information to enhance and personalize your user experience, to monitor and improve our Sites and Services, and improve the effectiveness of our Service, offers, advertising, communications and customer service.  We may also use this information to: (a) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Sites; (b) provide custom, personalized content, and information; (c) identify and contact you across multiple devices; (d) provide and monitor the effectiveness of our Service; (e) perform analytics and detect usage patterns on our Service; (f) diagnose or fix technology problems; (g) detect or prevent fraud or other harmful activities, and (h) otherwise to plan for and enhance our Service.
If you would prefer not to accept cookies, most browsers will allow you to: (i) change your browser settings to notify you when you receive a cookie, which lets you choose whether or not to accept it; (ii) disable existing cookies; or (iii) set your browser to automatically reject cookies. Please note, however, that disabling our cookies may mean that you will not be able to take full advantage of our Services.
Deleting cookies or controlling cookies through browser settings does not delete non-cookie tracking technologies such as Flash objects and HTMP5 Local Storage Objects (LSOs). To manage Flash cookie settings and preferences, you must use the settings manager on Adobe’s website or by
clicking here.
If you choose to delete Flash objects from our Service, then you may not be able to access and use all or part of the Service or benefit from the information and services offered.
We and our third party partners may collect information through tracking technologies for personalized advertising purposes. See
“About Our Ads”
to learn more.
D. Information From Third-Party Sources.
We may receive personal information about you from other users or our business partners and service providers
        and combine this information with other information we have.
AFFILIATES.
We may receive information about you collected
            by other Carnival Corporation companies, businesses, brands and affiliated entities in our family of
            companies,
            so that information you provide to one brand may be used by us to better provide you Services and
            communicate
            with you.
SINGLE SIGN-ON.
We use single sign-on to allow a user to
            enter login information from a third-party platform to access the Services. If you create or log into your
            account through a third-party social media site, such as Facebook or Google, these services will
            authenticate
            your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us, which could include
            your
            personal identifiers. We may use this information to authenticate your account, to provide you Services, to
            communicate with you, and for advertising and marketing purposes. The data we receive is dependent on the
            third-party’s policies and your privacy settings on that third-party site. To learn more about the use of
            data
            collection technologies by social media sites, please visit each site’s privacy policy.
SERVICE PROVIDERS & PARTNERS.
From time to time, we may receive personal information about you from our service providers and other partners, including from our marketing partners or from third-parties conducting identity or address verification, payment processing, credit checks,  processing lines of credit, or from our excursion partners or other partners providing activities or co-branded services. We use this information to validate your identity, age and address, to comply with our legal obligations, to monitor activity to identify and provide you with promotions and offers onboard and for future travel, and to prevent fraud, protect our rights and the rights of others, to inform our marketing and advertising activities, calculate loyalty points and administer our loyalty program, and to help provide our Services.
OTHER TRAVELERS.
We may obtain information about you from other travelers who are
            traveling
            with you or who have traveled with you, as well as your emergency contacts. We use this information to book
            your travel itinerary, communicate with you and those traveling with you about the Services, to support
            public health initiatives, to administer the Services, and for the purpose for which it was provided to us.
TRAVEL AGENTS.
If you purchase travel through a travel
            agent, the agent may send us your personal identifiers, commercial information and information about health
            or
            medical conditions. We will use this information to complete the transaction, book your travel itinerary,
            communicate with you and those traveling with you about the Services, analyze trends, improve our business,
            and
            facilitate your vacation experience. They may retain a copy of this data and are required to have
            appropriate
            admin, technical and other safeguards. The travel agent is solely responsible for the processing of personal
            data they retain. Please review privacy notice of each applicable travel agent for more information about
            their processing practices.
PUBLICLY AVAILABLE INFORMATION.
We may also collect
            information about you that is publicly available. For example, we may collect information you publicly post
            or
            tag us in on social media sites, such as Facebook or Google, elsewhere online, and information contained in
            public records databases. We will use this information to conduct market research, verify your identity,
            prevent
            fraud, and improve our Services.
In addition to the uses described above, we may collect and use personal information for the following purposes:
To create, maintain, improve, and operate the Services.
To personalize your user experience.
To communicate with you to provide technical or administrative support.
To conduct, manage, and grow our organization.
To analyze, research, investigate and improve the use of our Services and
            interactions with our guests.
To prevent, investigate, and defend against fraud, unlawful or criminal
            activity, unauthorized access to or use of personal information and our data system services, and to comply
            with
            legal requirements, obligations and other governmental demands.
To investigate and resolve disputes and security issues and to enforce our
Terms of
                Service
and any other contracts you have entered into with us.
For any other lawful, legitimate business purpose.
Back to top
HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
We may share your personal information in the instances described below. For further information on your choices
        regarding your information, see the “
Choices About Your
            Information
” section below.
We may share your personal information in the following ways:
AFFILIATES.
We may share personal information with our other Carnival Corporation
            companies, businesses, brands and affiliated entities in our family of companies, who may use your personal
            information in the manner described in this Privacy Notice. Please visit
our website
to learn more about the
            different brands in the Carnival Corporation family of companies, including how to contact each with privacy
            related inquiries.
SERVICE PROVIDERS.
We share information with third party vendors and service providers that
            perform services for or on our behalf, which may include identifying and serving targeted advertisements,
            providing mailing or email services, tax and accounting services, product fulfillment, payments processing,
            photo sharing, data processing and enhancement services, medical and health purposes, fraud prevention, web
            hosting, analytic services, or other online functionality, subject to appropriate contractual terms
            protecting the confidentiality and use of such data.
PROMOTIONAL PARTNERS.
We may share limited personal
            information with third parties with whom we partner to provide promotions, excursions, activities, contests,
            and
            sweepstakes, or other promotional activities. The partner will usually be identified by name in our
            promotion,
            contest, or sweepstakes communication.
WITH TRAVEL AND EXCURSION PARTNERS.
Some onboard products
            and services, excursions and other activities are provided by other companies or you may book a travel
            through
            multiple operators, such as a travel agent or airline. We may share personal identifers and similar
            information
            before, during and after your cruise to facilitate your travel activities, provide your requested services,
            and
            provide a seamless service to our guests.
AT YOUR REQUEST.
With your consent or at your direction, we may share your information
            with. your friends and family through the Services or on various social media networks, or with third
            parties to whom you direct us to share information, such as excursion partners, medical providers or your
            travel agent. If you post a product review on our website or a comment on our social media sites, the
            information you provide may be displayed on publicly online for others to view.
SELECT MARKETING AND STRATEGIC BUSINESS PARTNERS:
We may share limited data with our marketing and strategic business partners, who may use this information for their own business and commercial purposes in accordance with their own privacy policies. For example, these partners may send you emails to provide you with information and marketing messages about products or services that may interest you. You may be given the option to opt-in or opt-out of such sharing, consistent with the laws of the applicable jurisdiction.
CORPORATE TRANSACTIONS:
Personal information may be
            disclosed to third parties in connection with a corporate transaction, such as a merger, sale of any or all
            of
            our assets or shares, reorganization, financing, change of control or acquisition of all or a portion of our
            business by an affiliate or third party, or in the event of a bankruptcy or related or similar proceedings;
            and
FOR HEALTH AND SAFETY REASONS:
Your health and safety is important to us. We may share
            personal information with third parties or individuals if we reasonably believe in good faith that such
            action is necessary to protect the personal safety or health of our guests, crew, family members or other
            individuals. For example, we may disclose your personal identifiers and medical information if you require
            medical assistance or if we believe that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to inform health care and
            we may disclose similar information to your family members and emergency contacts, insurance providers,
            medical providers and family assistance companies in the event of health or safety incident. We may also
            disclose personal identifiers and health or medical information to our personnel and contractors, port
            agents and authorities, government officials, health agencies or any other individual or institution as
            reasonably needed to support public health initiatives, comply with our legal or regulatory obligations,
            attend to your medical and safety needs, facilitate investigations and remedies, track and mitigate risks of
            communicable illness including COVID-19, and to protect the rights, health and safety of our guests, crew,
            and others.
LAW ENFORCEMENT, GOVERNMENT AUTHORITIES, REGULATORS AND FOR SAFETY OR
                LEGAL REASONS:
We may share personal information with third-parties as required by law or
            subpoena
            or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to (a) comply with the our legal obligations under
            the
            laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate; (b) to comply with the lawful or reasonable requests of law
            enforcement, government authorities, courts or to respond to legal process; (c) to enforce our Terms of Use
            or
            to protect the security or integrity of our Service; and/or (d) to exercise or protect the rights, property,
            or
            personal safety or health of us, our guests, online visitors, or any other third-party. For example, and we
            may
            be required to disclose your personal identifiers, customer records and other information to customs
            agencies or
            port authorities in the locations where we stop in port.
We may also share information with others in an aggregated or otherwise anonymized form that does not reasonably
        identify you.
All the above categories exclude text messaging originator opt-in data and consent, which will not be shared with any third parties, except as follows: (1) sharing with vendors, consultants, and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work on our behalf, and who will not use such information for their own purposes; (2) if we believe disclosure is required by any applicable law, rule, or regulation, or is necessary to comply with law enforcement or other legal process; (3) if you consent to our sharing of such information; or (4) sharing that is otherwise allowed by law and is in accordance with carrier terms and conditions.
Back to top
CHOICES
        ABOUT YOUR INFORMATION
PROFILE ACCESS & SHARING SETTINGS.
You may access and update your profile information,
            such
            as
            your user name, address, or billing information, and may change some of your data sharing preferences on
            your
            account page.
GEOLOCATION & DEVICE CONTENT.
You may control location tracking by adjusting your
            location
            services options on the “Settings” app on your mobile device. We may continue to approximate your location
            based
            on your IP address when you access the Services through a computer or device. If you would like to update
            your
            device content access permissions, such as permissions to access your camera or address book, you can do so
            in
            the "Settings" app on your mobile device.
MEDALLIONCLASS™.
To avoid the collection of your position and movement data collected, do
            not use the
            Medallion®. You may contact the staff on board the ship to request a card to access your guest room and pay
            for on board transactions in lieu of the Medallion®. The sensors will still be able to detect your on board
            position when you use the card to access your room, make a payment, or take a photo, but the card cannot be
            read by the long-range sensors to track movement data around the ship. Some features of the MedallionClass™
            Services will not be available to you if you do not use the Medallion®.
PROMOTIONAL MESSAGES.
You can stop receiving promotional email communications from us by
            following the “unsubscribe” instructions provided in such communications. We make every effort to promptly
            process all unsubscribe requests. You may still receive Service-related communications, including account
            verification, transactional communications, changes/updates to features of the Services, and technical and
            security notices.
ACCESSING, CORRECTING OR DELETING YOUR INFORMATION.
In accordance with the applicable
            jurisdictional laws,
            you may have the right to request to access, correct, or delete your personal information, or remove your
            name or comments from our website or publicly displayed content. We may not be able to modify or delete your
            information in all circumstances.
To access, modify or delete your personal information, please submit a request by:
Emailing
dpo@carnival.com
with sufficient information to
                        identify you and your request,
Filling out our
Request Form
, or
Calling
1-855-845-2599
We will need to verify your identity before processing your request,
                        which may require us to
                        request additional personal information from you or require you to log into your account.
In certain circumstances, we may decline a request to exercise the
                        requests described above,
                        particularly where we are unable to verify your identity. If we are unable to comply with all or
                        a portion of your request, we will explain the reasons for declining to comply with the request.
REQUESTS FOR MINOR CHILDREN.
If you wish to submit a request to access, modify or
                    delete information on behalf of your minor child in accordance with applicable jurisdictional laws,
                    you must provide sufficient information to allow us to reasonably verify your child is the person
                    about whom we collected personal information and you are authorized to submit the request on your
                    child’s behalf (i.e., that you are the child’s legal guardian or authorized representative).
ABOUT OUR ADS.
We participate in interest-based advertising and use
            third party advertising companies to serve you targeted advertisements based on your browsing history. To
            learn
            more about our advertising practices and your choices relating to advertising, please see the
About Our Ads
section for more information.
Back to top
COVID-19 NOTICE
In response to the global coronavirus pandemic and to protect against the risks of other communicable illness,
        all guests may be required to undergo health screenings and we will collect additional information recommended
        by public health authorities or other government agencies or to otherwise demonstrate our guests’ ongoing health
        and fitness to travel, including:
CONTACT INFORMATION.
Information such as name, nationality, country of residence,
            originating address, destination address, telephone, and email;
SYMPTOMS AND HEALTH INFORMATION.
Information regarding the presence or absence of possible
            COVID-19 or other global pandemic symptoms, which may be collected through temperature scans, tissue
            sampling, medical examinations, surveys or questionnaires, as well as information about pre-existing medical
            conditions;
EXPOSURE.
Information regarding potential exposure to or infection with COVID-19 or other
            global pandemic, which may include recent travel history, contacts with guests, crew or other individuals.;
CONTACT TRACING VIA WEARABLE DEVICE TECHNOLOGY AND OCEANORBIT™ CONTACT TRACING SYSTEM.
Information about on-board contacts with crew, guests or other individuals collected via wearable technology
            such as the Medallion® on MedallionClass™ ships and properties and/or the OceanOrbit™ Contract Tracing
            system. These devices collect data, such as personal contact, time stamp, duration of contact and frequency
            of contact with others.
AS REQUIRED BY LAW.
Information collected by our on-board crew or reservations staff
            pursuant to directives by public health organizations or other government agencies.
We collect and use this information because:
we must comply with certain regulatory requirements regarding public health, including to determine your
            fitness to travel consistent with applicable government regulations and guidelines;
we have a legitimate business interest in ensuring the health and safety of our passengers, crew and the
            public;
we have a legitimate business interest in complying with legal and regulatory requirements applicable in the
            various jurisdictions in which we operate;
we need to use this information to perform our contract with you to provide our vacation experiences.
Contact Tracing through OceanOrbit™ Contract Tracing System.
To help mitigate and manage the
        potential spread of
        COVID-19 or other global pandemic illnesses, we use wearable device technology to identify individuals who may
        have been exposed to COVID-19 and to rapidly detect potential secondary cases that may arise after transmission
        from an infected individual. The OceanOrbit™ device is a wearable portable electronic device that collects data
        as guests and crew interact with one another in public and in private areas by broadcasting and recording the
        presence and proximity of other OceanOrbit™ devices. The OceanOrbit™ system collects time stamps, duration of
        contact and frequency of contacts. The raw data is associated with the device ID number but will be correlated
        with guest or crew personal information in the event that contract tracing is called for. On MedallionClass™
        ships, we may use on board contact data collected in connection with the Medallion®, rather than the OceanOrbit™
        system, which will be linked to your personal information in the same manner as all other OCEAN® data. As part
        of our contract tracing efforts, we take reasonable precautions to respect our Guests’ privacy and
        confidentiality by communicating contact exposure information in a manner that is not personally identifiable.
        However, information about you may be disclosed in a manner that could allow the recipient to determine your
        identity. For example, if we determine that it is necessary to disclose to a guest that she was in contact with
        an individual who tested positive for COVID-19 for a period of 1-2 hours on a particular date, that guest may be
        able to ascertain the likely identity of the unnamed individual based on her personal experience.
We may disclose your personal information, contacts and health information with third parties or individuals to
        attend to your medical and safety needs and those of our guests and crew; to comply with legal and regulatory
        requirements; to facilitate public health response initiatives; to conduct contract tracing of individuals who
        are exposed to or test positive for COVID-19 or other communicable illness while staying with us; or if we
        reasonably believe that such disclosure is necessary to inform your health care or to protect the personal
        safety or health of our guests, crew, or other individuals. For example, we may disclose personal identifiers
        and health or medical information to our personnel and contractors, port agents and authorities, government
        officials, health agencies or any other individual or institution as reasonably needed to support public health
        initiatives, comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, attend to your medical and safety needs,
        facilitate investigations and remedies, track and mitigate risks of communicable illness including COVID-19, and
        to protect the rights, health and safety of our guests, crew, and others.
Back to top
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Though Carnival Cruise Line provides fun for families of all ages, most of our online Services are not intended
        to be used by children, nor do we have actual knowledge that children are using these online Services. When we
        intend to collect personal information from children online, we take additional steps to protect their privacy,
        including:
notifying and obtaining consent from parents and legal guardians, in accordance with applicable law,
limiting our collection of personal information from children to no more than is reasonably necessary to
            participate in the online activity, and
giving parents and legal guardians the ability of access personal information that we have collected from
            their children and to request the personal information be deleted or modified.
If you believe that we might have inadvertently collected information from a child without appropriate parental
        consent, please contact us at
dpo@carnival.com
so
        that we may delete the information as soon as possible.
Where we collect personal information about children (for instance, information provided by a parent or legal
        guardian, travel agent or other travel partner), we process such information in a manner consistent with
        applicable laws protecting the privacy of children’s data.
Back to top
REGION-SPECIFIC
        DISCLOSURES
A. U.S. State Privacy Rights
This section applies to you if you are a resident of the state of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, or Virginia, and provides additional information about our personal information processing practices relating to individual residents of these states.
Collection and Use of Personal Information.
In the last 12 months, we have collected all of the
        categories of personal information described in our Privacy Notice. To learn more about the types of personal
        information we collect, the sources from which we collect it, and the purposes for which we use this
        information, please refer to
How We Collect and
            Use Your Information
of the Privacy Notice.
Sensitive Information.
Some of the categories of personal information described in our Privacy Notice may be classified as “sensitive” under certain U.S. state privacy laws (“sensitive information”), including social security number, driver’s license number, and passport number; payment card number plus expiration date and security code (CVV), and financial account number and routing number; information concerning your health; biometric information for the purposes of uniquely identifying guests; your username and password; personal information collected from a child; and precise geolocation data. We use this sensitive information for the purposes set forth in the
How We Collect and
        Use Your Information
of our Privacy Notice to the extent necessary for the operation of our Services, to enter into and perform a contract with you, to comply with legal and regulatory requirements, to protect the life or physical safety of anyone or as otherwise permissible for our own internal purposes consistent with law.
Deidentified Information. .
We may at times receive, or process personal information to create, deidentified data that can no longer reasonably be used to infer information about, or otherwise be linked to, a particular individual or household. Where we maintain deidentified data, we will maintain and use the data in deidentified form and not attempt to reidentify the data except as required or permitted by law.
Disclosure of Personal Information.
We share personal information with third parties for
        business purposes or we may sell your personal information to third parties, subject to your right to opt out of
        those sales. The categories of third parties to whom we sell or disclose your personal information for a
        business purpose include: (i) other brands and affiliates in our family of companies; (ii) our service
        providers; (iii) marketing and strategic partners; (iv) promotional partners; (v) ad networks and advertising
        partners; (vi) analytics providers; (vii) social networks; and (viii) government authorities. To learn more
        about how we disclose data to third
        parties, please refer to
How We Share Your
            Information
of the Privacy Notice.
Unless you have exercised your Right to Opt Out of personal information sales, we may sell personal information
        to third parties for monetary or other valuable consideration. The third parties to whom we sell personal
        information may use such information for their own purposes in accordance with their own privacy statements,
        which may include reselling this information to additional third parties.
In the previous 12 months, we have disclosed the all of the categories of personal information we collect to
        third parties for a business purpose.
In the previous 12 months, we have sold the following categories of personal information to third parties: (i)
        Personal Identifiers; (ii) Commercial Information; (iii) Preferences; (iv) Internet, network and device
        information.
We do not sell sensitive information, and we do not process or otherwise share sensitive information for the purpose of targeted advertising. However, depending on your state of residency and subject to certain legal limitations and exceptions, you may be able to limit, or withdraw your consent for, our processing of sensitive information (as described in the Your Rights and Choices section below), except for where the processing of your sensitive information is necessary to provide you the services or otherwise required by law.
Your Rights and Choices.
Depending on your state of residence, and subject to certain legal limitations and exceptions, you may be able to exercise the following rights:
The Right to Know
whether we are processing any personal information about you and, under California law only, to obtain certain personalized details about the personal information we have collected about you, including: the categories or specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you; the categories of sources of the personal information; the categories of personal information that we have sold or disclosed to third parties for a business purpose, and the categories of recipients to whom personal information was shared, sold or disclosed; and the business or commercial purposes for collecting or selling the personal information.
The Right to Access
to the personal information we have collected about you and, where required by law, the right to obtain a copy of the personal information in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows you to transmit the data to another entity without hindrance.
The Right to Correct
inaccuracies in your personal information, taking into account the nature of the personal information and the purposes of the processing of the personal information.
The Right to Request Deletion
of personal information we
            have collected from you, subject to certain exceptions.
The Right to Limit Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Information
and exercise control over our collection and processing of certain sensitive information.
The Right to Opt Out of Personal Information Sales
to third parties now or in the future.
The Right to Opt Out of Sharing Personal Information for Targeted Advertising
based on your activity across businesses, distinctly-branded websites, applications, or services.
You also have the right to be free of retaliatory or  discriminatory treatment for exercising these rights. However, please note that if the exercise of these rights limits our ability to process personal information (such as in the case of a deletion request), we may no longer be able to provide you our products and services or engage with you in the
        same manner.
How to Exercise your Rights.
You may submit a request to exercise your privacy rights through one of the mechanisms described below. We will need to verify your identity
        and confirm your state of residence before processing your request, which may require us to request additional personal information from you or require you to log into your account, if you have one. These rights may not be available to all U.S. residents. We will process your request in accordance with applicable state law. In certain circumstances, we may decline or limit your request, particularly where we are unable to verify your identity or locate your information in our systems, or as permitted by law.
Please note that we can only process privacy rights requests for personal information processed by Carnival
        Cruise Line. If you have interacted with another brand in our family of companies or any other third party, you
        will have to contact that brand or third party to exercise your California Consumer Requests.
To access, modify or delete your personal information, please submit a request by:
Emailing
dpo@carnival.com
with sufficient information to identify you
            and your request,
Filling out our
Request Form
, or
Calling
1-855-845-2599
To submit a request to opt-out of personal information sales, please submit a request using our
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal
            Information form
to be added to our suppression list.
Additionally, as is common practice among companies that operate online, we permit third party advertising
        networks, social media companies and other third party businesses collect and disclose personal information
        (including preferences, rough geolocation, commercial information and internet, network and device information)
        directly from your browser or device through cookies or tracking technologies when you visit or interact with
        our websites, use our apps or otherwise engage with us. These third parties use this information for the
        purposes of serving targeted ads that are more relevant, for ad campaign measurement and analytics, and for fraud
        detection and reporting and may sell and share that information to other businesses for advertising and other purposes. By
        visiting
the privacy rights website
, you can opt out from sales of this
        type of personal information by businesses that participate in the opt-out tool. To make opt-out requests
        related to mobile apps on your device for businesses participating in the DAA’s CCPA App-based Opt-Out Tool, you
        can download the appropriate app at
YourAdChoices website
. To learn more about how third
        parties collect information through tracking technologies and what other choices you may have in relation to
        those activities, please see
About Our Ads
.
Minors.
We do not sell or, for the purposes of targeted advertising, share the personal information of consumers we know to be less than 16 years
        of age. If we wish to do so in the future, we will first seek affirmative authorization from either the minor
        who is between 13 and 16 years of age, or the parent or guardian of a minor less than 13 years of age.
If you are under the age of 18 and you want to remove your name or comments from our website or publicly
        displayed content, please contact us directly at
dpo@carnival.com
. We may
        not be able to modify or delete your information in all circumstances.
If you wish to submit a privacy request information on behalf of your minor child in accordance with applicable jurisdictional laws, you must provide sufficient information to allow us to reasonably verify your child is the person about whom we collected personal information and you are authorized to submit the request on your child’s behalf (i.e., that you are the child’s legal guardian or authorized representative).
Authorized Agents.
In certain circumstances, you may permit an authorized agent to submit
        requests on your behalf. The authorized agent must provide a letter signed by you confirming the agent has
        permission to submit a request on your behalf, or must provide sufficient evidence to show that the authorized
        agent has been lawfully vested with power of attorney.
For security purposes, we may need to verify your identity and confirm directly with you that you have provided
        the authorized agent permission to submit the request, and it may take additional time to fulfil agent-submitted
        requests. We may deny a request in the event we are not able to verify the authorized agent’s authority to act
        on your behalf. Please note that for privacy and security reasons, we will direct future communications to the
        data subject on whose behalf the request was made.
Notice of Financial Incentive.
Notice of Financial Incentive. We offer various financial
        incentives. For example, the financial incentives we may provide include:
Discounts, coupons and special offers via email when you sign up for our email list or create an account.
Rewards when you refer a friend who has never sailed or booked with us before.
Loyalty programs, where you earn rewards based upon your past travel or spend with us, or through co-branded credit cards such as
Carnival’s VIFP Club
.
When you sign up for our email list or create an account, you opt-in to participate in a financial incentive
        program. Participation in any financial incentive program is entirely optional and participants may withdraw
        from the program at any time. To opt-out of the program and forgo any ongoing incentives, you may unsubscribe
        from our emails (for email-based incentives), close your account (for loyalty and reward program incentives) or
        submit a request to delete your information. The financial incentives we offer to consumers are reasonable
        related to the value of the consumer’s data to our business, based on our reasonable but sole determination. We
        estimate the value of consumers’ personal information by considering the expense incurred by the business
        related to the collection, storage and retention of consumers’ personal information in the context of the
        financial incentive program and the expenses related to the provision of the financial incentive. From time to
        time, we may provide additional terms that apply to a particular financial incentive, which will be presented to
        you at the time you sign up for the financial incentive.
The terms applicable to each program and other offering are provided at the time an eligible individual is offered an opportunity to participate. Interested individuals can opt-in to these financial incentives by following the instructions presented at the time the offer is made. Participating individuals may withdraw from our programs and other offerings at any time by following the instructions provided in connection with each offering or by contacting us with the information found in the Contact Us section below.
“Shine The Light” Law.
California's "Shine the Light" law (Civil Code Section §1798.83)
        provides certain rights to California residents that have an established business relationship with us with
        regard
        to the disclosure of certain types of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
        To
        opt-out of having your personal information disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes,
        please
        complete our
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal
            Information Form
and provide your contact information
        to be added to our suppression list.
California Consumer Rights Metrics 2021.
The following data reflects the California consumer rights requests that we have processed in the 2021 calendar year (January 2021 – December 2021):
2021 California Consumer
                            Rights Requests
#
The number of requests to know that the business received, complied with in whole or in part, and denied
12
The number of requests to delete that the business received, complied with in whole or in part, and denied
217
The number of requests to opt-out that the business received, complied with in whole or in part, and denied
678
The median or mean number of days within which the business substantively responded to requests to know, requests to delete, and requests to opt-out.
1
Back to top
B. NEVADA PRIVACY RIGHTS
Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes permits a Nevada resident to opt out of future sales of certain
        covered information that a website operator has collected or will collect about the resident. If you are a
        Nevada resident, you may submit a request to opt out of potential future sales under Nevada law by emailing us
        at
dpo@carnival.com
or completing the
Do Not Sell or Share My
            Personal Information Form
. Please include sufficient
        information for us to identify you in your email, such as information about previous voyages, or, if applicable,
        your account information. Please note we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity and the authenticity
        of the request.
Back to top
C. EUROPEAN PRIVACY RIGHTS
This section applies to you if you are a resident of a member state of the European Economic Area, the United
        Kingdom and Switzerland. The European Data Protection Regulation and corresponding law in the other European
        States not being member of the European Union requires us to to disclose certain information regarding the
        personal information we collect about you and your rights in respect of personal information that we hold.
Legal Basis for the Processing of Your Personal Information.
Our processing of your personal
        information as
        described in the Section
“How We Collect and
            Use Your Information”
is based on the following legal grounds:
Consent:
We may need your consent in connection with our promotional activities in
            particular, such as
            sending you promotional messages, if you decide to participate in sweepstakes, to deploy certain cookies
            when you use our online services and where you use certain Services where we collect location information or
            information about your health or medical conditions.
Where we need your consent, you have the right
            not to provide consent, or to withdraw it at any time. The withdrawal of your consent does not affect the
            lawfulness of our use of your personal information before your withdrawal. If you have granted us consent to
            use your personal information, we will use it only for the purposes specified in the consent declaration.
            Please note that to the extent our processing is based on your consent and you deny your consent or withdraw
            it, we may not be able to provide the Service relating thereto. Besides from that, neither the initial
            denial nor a withdrawal will have any negative consequences for you.
Perform or enter into a contract or quasi contractual relationship with you: We rely on this legal basis in
            particular in the following cases:
to manage your travel bookings and orders;
to provide you with our Services, e.g., process your on-board purchases of goods or Services,
to communicate with you to provide technical or administrative support, or
to be able to provide our online Services.
Compliance with legal obligations:
We may be obliged to process personal information to
            comply with our
            legal obligations, for example where we are required to retain data for tax law or commercial purposes or
            where we must comply with regulatory requirements regarding public health or gambling.
Legitimate interests:
We may base the processing of your personal information on our
            legitimate interests where (i) neither of the afore listed legal bases apply and (ii) where the processing
            of your personal information is necessary for our legitimate interests. Such cases may include the following
            in particular:
to conduct customer surveys in order to enhance and optimize your vacation experience;
to protect our rights and the rights of our guests;to prevent, investigate, and defend against
                    fraud, unlawful or criminal activity, unauthorized access to or use of personal information and our
                    data system services;
to investigate and resolve disputes and security issues;
to provide you with personalized Services;
to communicate with you and reply to your questions or comments submitted to us by any means; and
to pursue or defend against legal claims.
Where we process your personal information based on our legitimate interests, we will only do so where we
            have appropriately assessed and balanced our interests against your right to privacy.
Additional Information on How Your Personal Information Is Transferred Globally.
In case your
        personal
        information is transferred to jurisdictions located outside of the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom or
        Switzerland, for example, to the United States or any other country where we have operations, we will ensure
        that appropriate safeguards exist and are taken, such as:
the recipient of the personal information is located within a country that benefits from an “adequacy”
            decision of the European Commission;
the recipient has signed a contract based on the standard contractual clauses approved by the European
            Commission, obliging them to protect your personal information;
or in the absence of the above appropriate safeguards, we will ask you for your explicit consent for the
            cross-border transfer of your personal information or take any other measures that are recognized as
            providing a sufficient level of protection for your personal information.
Please be aware that the United States’ laws have not yet been acknowledged as providing for a data protection
        standard which is adequate to the ones within your jurisdiction.
For more information about the safeguards relating to personal information transfers you may contact our Data
        Protection Officer by sending an email to
dpo@carnival.com
.
Your Rights:
You are entitled to the following rights in respect of personal information that
        we hold:
RIGHT OF ACCESS
. The right to obtain access to your personal information.
RIGHT TO RECTIFICATION
: The right to obtain rectification of your personal information
            where that personal information is inaccurate or incomplete.
RIGHT TO ERASURE
. The right to obtain the erasure of your personal information in certain
            circumstances, such as where the personal information is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for
            which it was collected or processed.
RIGHT TO RESTRICTION
. The right to obtain the restriction of the processing undertaken by
            us on your personal information in certain circumstances, such as where the accuracy of the personal
            information is contested by you, for a period enabling us to verify the accuracy of that personal
            information.
RIGHT TO OBJECT
. YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO OBJECT TO ANY PROCESSING JUSTIFIED BY LEGITIMATE
            INTERESTS BASED ON GROUNDS RELATING TO YOUR PARTICULAR SITUATION AT ANY TIME. SHOULD YOU DECIDE TO OBJECT TO
            THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION, WE WILL STOP PROCESSING PERSONAL INFORMATION CONCERNING YOU,
            UNLESS WE CAN DEMONSTRATE COMPELLING REASONS FOR CONTINUING TO PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION THAT
            OVERRIDE YOUR INTERESTS, RIGHTS AND FREEDOMS OR IN THE CASE THAT WE ESTABLISH, EXERCISE, OR DEFEND OUR LEGAL
            CLAIMS. YOU CAN OBJECT TO DIRECT MARKETING ACTIVITIES AT ANY TIME FOR ANY REASON WHATSOEVER.
RIGHT TO DATA PORTABILITY
. You have the right to obtain a copy of your personal information
            in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and transmit such data to another provider or
            have such data transmitted to another provider under certain circumstances.
RIGHT TO WITHDRAW CONSENT
. If you have given us your consent to process your personal
            information but change your mind later, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. The
            withdrawal of your consent does not affect the lawfulness of our use of your personal information before
            your withdrawal. If you want to withdraw your consent with regard to receiving promotional communications,
            you can unsubscribe through the method described in each promotional message.
In some cases, our ability to uphold these rights for you may depend upon our obligations to process personal
        information for security, safety, fraud prevention reasons, compliance with regulatory or legal requirements, or
        because processing is necessary to deliver the services you have requested. Where this is the case, we will
        inform you of specific details in response to your request.
For further information on how to exercise those rights, you may contact our Data Protection Officer by sending
        an email to
dpo@carnival.com
or visiting the
GDPR Request Form Page
.
        You
        also have the right to lodge a
        complaint with the competent data protection supervisory authority. Information about how to contact your local
        data protection supervisory authority is available at the
European Data Protection Board website
.
Back to top
D. BRAZILIAN PRIVACY RIGHTS
This section applies to you if your personal information: (i) is processed in the Brazilian territory; or (ii)
        has been collected in the Brazilian territory. Also, this section applies to you if the purpose of the
        processing activity is the offer or supply of goods or services within the Brazilian territory.
Your Rights.
According to the Brazilian General Data Protection Law, Law No. 13.709/18
            (“
LGPD
”), you may be able to exercise the following rights, at any time upon request:
confirmation of the existence of processing;
access to the personal information;
correction of incomplete, inaccurate or outdated personal information;
anonymization, blocking or elimination of unnecessary or excessive data or of data processed in
                noncompliance with the provisions of the LGPD;
portability of your personal information to other service providers or suppliers of product, at the
                express request, and observing our business and industrial secrets;
elimination of the personal information processed with the consent, except in the events set forth on
                the topic “Termination of the processing” below;
information of the public and private entities with which the controller carried out the shared use of
                personal information;
information on the possibility of not providing consent and on the consequences of the denial;
revocation of the consent.
Termination of the Processing
. Your personal information shall be eliminated after termination
        of the processing thereof, within the scope and technical limits of the activities, and conservation thereof
        shall be authorized for the following purposes:
compliance with a statutory or regulatory obligation by Carnival Cruise Line;
transfer to third parties in accordance with the data processing requirements set forth in the LGPD; or
exclusive use of the personal information by Carnival Cruise Line, providing the personal information are
         anonymized and that the access thereto by third parties will be prohibited by Carnival Cruise Line.
Back to top
E. CHINESE PRIVACY RIGHTS
This section applies to you if: (i) your personal information is processed within the territory of the People’s
        Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan, the “
PRC
”), or (ii) you are within
        the territory of China and your personal information is processed outside of China for the purposes of providing
        goods or services to you, or analyzing or evaluating your behaviors. PRC law requires us to disclose certain
        information set forth below.
Processing of Sensitive Personal Information.
Under the PRC law, sensitive personal information
        includes information regarding such as biometrics, religious beliefs, race, ethnicity, medical health, financial
        accounts, and location tracking, as well as the personal information of minors under the age of 14
        (“
Minor(s)
”). For example, we may process your sensitive personal information in an incident,
        for health screenings, or for security purposes. We may process certain of your sensitive personal information
        only when we have your consent or another legal basis to do so. Where your consent is the legal basis for
        processing your sensitive personal information (such as related to our MedallionClass™ Services), we will seek
        your prior consent separately. For more information on our processing of your sensitive personal information,
        please refer to the
How We Collect and
            Use Your Information
section of the Privacy Notice.
Before processing a Minor’s personal information, we will seek consent from their parent or other legal
        guardian.
Legal Basis for the Processing of Your Personal Information.
.Our processing of your personal
        information as described in the Section
“How We Collect and
            Use Your Information”
is based on the following legal grounds:
Consent:
We may need your consent in connection with our promotional activities in particular, such as sending you
            promotional messages, if you decide to participate in sweepstakes, to deploy certain cookies when you use
            our online services and where you use certain Services where we collect location information or information
            about your health or medical conditions.
We may need your consent in connection with our promotional activities in particular, such as sending you
            promotional messages, if you decide to participate in sweepstakes, to deploy certain cookies when you use
            our online services and where you use certain Services where we collect location information or information
            about your health or medical conditions.
Enter into or perform a contract with you:
We rely on this legal basis in particular in the
            following cases:
to manage your travel bookings and orders;
to provide you with our Services, e.g., process your on-board purchases of goods or Services
to communicate with you to provide technical or administrative support, or
to be able to provide our online Services.
Carry out legal responsibilities or legal obligations:
We may be obliged to process
            personal information to carry out our legal responsibilities or legal obligations, for example where we are
            required to retain data for tax law or commercial purposes or where we must comply with regulatory
            requirements regarding public health or gambling.
Respond to an emergency:
We may collect and process your personal information in order to
            respond to a public health emergency or to protect a natural person’s life, health and property safety in an
            emergency.
Reasonably process legitimately published personal information:
We may reasonably process
            your personal information that has been published by you or otherwise has been published legitimately.
Your Rights:
You are entitled to the following rights in respect of your personal information
        that we hold:
RIGHT TO KNOW AND DECIDE.
You have the right to know and to decide about processing of your personal information unless the law
            provides otherwise. For example, we may be obligated by law to keep certain information confidential or may
            be exempted from notification under certain circumstances. You also have the right to request us to explain
            our rules on processing your personal information.
RIGHT TO RESTRICT OR OBJECT.
You have the right to restrict or object to any processing of your personal information unless the law
            provides otherwise. For example, you may not be able to restrict or object to processing that is made on a
            legal basis other than your consent.
RIGHT TO ACCESS AND REPRODUCE.
You have the right to access your personal information or to obtain a copy of your personal information
            unless we are obligated by law to keep certain information confidential.
RIGHT TO TRANSFER.
You have the right to transfer your personal information to another processor appointed by you, provided
            that the transfer meets the requirements set forth by the Cyberspace Administration of China.
RIGHT TO RECTIFY AND SUPPLEMENT.
You have the right to have your personal information rectified or supplemented where that personal
            information is inaccurate or incomplete.
RIGHT TO ERASE.
You have the right to request the erasure of your personal information. However, if we are obligated by law
            to retain your personal information for a longer period of time, or it is technically unfeasible to erase
            your personal information, we will retain your personal information with necessary security protection
            measures and will not otherwise process your personal information.
In some cases, our ability to uphold these rights for you may depend upon our obligations to process personal
        information for security, safety, fraud prevention reasons, compliance with regulatory or legal requirements, or
        because processing is necessary to deliver the services you have requested. Where this is the case, we will
        inform you of specific details in response to your request.
Please also note that after an individual passed away, their next of kin may be able to exercise the individual
        rights of the deceased in accordance with law.
For further information on how to exercise those rights, you may contact our Data Protection Officer by sending
        an email to
dpo@carnival.com
. You also have the right to lodge a complaint
        with a competent personal information protection authority.
Back to top
F. JAPAN PRIVACY RIGHTS
This section applies to you if you are a resident of Japan, in accordance with the Act of Protection of Personal
        Information (the “APPI”) of Japan.
Inquiries and Complaints.
We shall respond appropriately to requests permitted under the APPI
        including requests for inquiries and complaints regarding the handling of personal information. Please submit a
        request in the same way prescribed in
“ACCESSING, MODIFYING OR DELETING YOUR INFORMATION”
.
Back to top
HOW WE
        PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
We care about the security of your information and employ physical, administrative, and technological safeguards
        designed to preserve the integrity and security of all information collected through our Service. However, no
        security system is impenetrable and we cannot guarantee the security of our systems 100%.
In the event that any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, we will
        take steps to investigate the situation and, where appropriate, notify those individuals whose information may
        have been compromised and take other steps in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
While we take steps to protect your personal information and keep it secure, you also play a role in protecting
        your information. You can help to maintain the security of your online and mobile transactions by not sharing
        your reservation number, username, or password with anyone.
DATA RETENTION.
We will only store your personal information for as long as necessary to achieve the purpose of collection as set out in this Privacy Notice in accordance with our data retention policies, unless a longer retention period is required by applicable law. If we are required by applicable law to store your personal information beyond this period (e.g., for tax and commercial law reasons), we will delete the personal information after the end of this storage period.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use and disclosure of your personal information, the purposes for which we process the personal information, and the applicable legal requirements. After the expiry of the aforementioned retention periods, we will delete or anonymize your personal information.
If, after you sign up for our promotional emails, you unsubscribe from receiving our promotional emails, we will delete your personal information from our mailing lists. However, we might store your email address in a blacklist to ensure that you will not receive any further communication.
Back to top
TSA
        SECURE FLIGHT NOTICE
The Transportation Security Administration (TSA) requires you to provide your full name, date of birth and
        gender for the purpose of watch list screening under the authority of 49 U.S.C. section 114, the Intelligence
        Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 and 49 C.F.R. parts 1540 and 1560 for all commercial air travel
        within, into or out of the United States which is booked on or after August 15, 2009. You may also provide your
        Redress Number, if available.
If you book commercial air travel within, into or out of the United States in conjunction with your voyage we
        will request this information from you and forward it to the TSA as required by law. Failure to provide your
        full name, date of birth, and gender may result in denial of transport or denial of authority to enter the
        boarding area.
TSA may share information you provide with law enforcement or intelligence agencies or others under its
        published system of records notice. For more on TSA privacy policies or to review the system of records notice
        and the privacy impact assessment, please see the
TSA Website
.
Back to top
LINKS
        TO THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
The Services may contain links to and from third party websites of our business partners, advertisers, and
        social media sites and our users may post links to third party websites. If you follow a link to any of these
        websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any
        responsibility or liability for their policies. We strongly recommend that you read their privacy policies and
        terms and conditions of use to understand how they collect, use, and share information. We are not responsible
        for the privacy practices or the content on the websites of third party sites.
Back to top
CHANGES TO
        OUR PRIVACY NOTICE
We may modify or update this Privacy Notice from time to time to reflect the changes in our business and
        practices, and you should review this page periodically. We will update the “Last Updated” date at the top of
        this page when we post changes to this Notice. If you object to any changes, you may close your account.
        Continuing to use our Services after we publish changes to this Privacy Notice means that you are consenting to
        the changes.
Back to top
COMMENTS?
        QUESTIONS? CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice or the website, please Contact Customer Service Calling
1-855-845-2599
.
Data Protection Officer:
dpo@carnival.com
450 Third Ave. W., Seattle WA 98119-4002, ATTN DPO
ABOUT OUR ADS
Effective Date: February 1, 2023
We Use Tracking Technologies
When you visit our Sites and access or use our Services, read our emails, or otherwise engage with us through a
        computer or mobile device, we and our third-party partners, automatically collect information about how you
        access and use the Services and information about the device you use to access the Services.
This information allows us to improve your customer experience. For example, we and our third-party partners use
        tracking technologies:
To recognize new or current guests and Site visitors.
To store your password if you are registered on our Sites.
To improve our Services.
To serve you with interest-based or targeted advertising (see below for more on interest-based advertising).
To observe your behaviors and browsing activities over time across multiple websites or other platforms.
To better understand the interests of our customers and Site visitors.
Third party data collection and interest-based advertising
We participate in interest-based advertising and use third party advertising companies to serve you targeted
        advertisements based on your browsing history. We permit third party online advertising networks, social media
        companies and other third-party services, to collect information about your use of our Sites, including our
        mobile apps, over time so that they may play or display ads on our Service, on other websites, apps or services
        you may use, and on other devices and advertising channels you may use. Typically, though not always, the information used for
        interest-based advertising is collected through tracking technologies, such as cookies, Flash objects, web
        beacons, embedded scripts, mobile SDKs, location-identifying technologies, and similar technology (collectively,
        “tracking technologies”), which recognize the device you are using and collect information, including click
        stream information, browser type, time and date you visited the site, device ID or AdID, precise geolocation and
        other information.
We, or our third-party partners, may link your various devices so that content you see on one device can result
        in relevant advertising on another device. For example, we may share a common account identifier (such as a hashed email
        address or user ID) or work with third party partners who use tracking technologies or statistical modeling
        tools to determine if two or more devices are linked to a single user or household. Our partners may use this information, and may combine this information with information they collect directly or receive from other partners, both online and offline, so that they may recognize you across different channels and platforms, including computers, mobile devices and smart TVs. We and our third-party partners use this information to make the advertisements and personalized content you see online more relevant to your interests, as well as to provide advertising-related services such as reporting, attribution, analytics and market research.
Social media widgets and advertising
Our Services may include social media features, such as the Facebook Like button, LinkedIn, Snapchat, Instagram,
        Twitter or other widgets. These social media companies may recognize you and collect information about your
        visit to our Service, and they may set a cookie or employ other tracking technologies. Your interactions with
        those features are governed by the privacy policies of those companies.
We display targeted advertising to you through social media platforms, such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram,
        LinkedIn, and other social media forums. These companies have interest-based advertising programs that allow us
        to direct advertisements to users who have shown interest in our Service while those users are on the social
        media platform, or to groups of other users who share similar traits, such as likely commercial interests and
        demographics. We may share a unique identifier, such as a user ID or hashed email address, with these platform
        providers or they may collect information from our Site visitors through a first-party pixel, to
        direct targeted advertising to you or to a custom audience on the social media platform. These advertisements
        are governed by the privacy policies of those social media companies that provide them. If you do not want to
        receive targeted ads on your social networks, you may be able to adjust your advertising preferences through
        your settings on those networks. You may learn more about advertising preferences by clicking on the links
        provided below. Please note that these links are provided for your convenience only and we do not control the
        content or features that may be available on these third-party services.
Facebook
. To learn more about your
            advertising preferences on Facebook Companies,
click here.
LinkedIn.
To learn more about
            advertising preferences on LinkedIn,
click here.
Pinterest.
To learn more about
            personalization and data,
click here.
Snapchat.
To learn more about
            advertising and interest preferences,
click here.
Twitter.
To learn more about privacy
            controls for personalized ads on Twitter,
click here.
Your Ad Choices
Controlling cookies, tracking technologies and Flash cookies.
Most browsers allow you to adjust
        your browser settings to: (i) notify you when you receive a cookie, which lets you choose whether or not to
        accept it; (ii) disable existing cookies; or (iii) set your browser to automatically reject cookies. You may set
        your e-mail options to prevent the automatic downloading of images that may contain technologies that would
        allow us to know whether you viewed or engaged with our emails.
Some websites have “do not track” features that allow you to tell a website not to track you. These features are
        not all uniform. We do not currently respond to those signals. Blocking or deleting cookies may negatively
        impact your experience using the Service, as some features and services on our Service may not work properly.
        Depending on your mobile device and operating system, you may not be able to delete or block all tracking
        technologies. For example, browser-based cookie controls may not affect online advertising that is not cookie-based.
Deleting cookies does not delete Local Storage Objects (LSOs) such as Flash objects and HTML5. You can learn more
        about Flash objects — including how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies — on
Adobe's Website.
If you choose to delete Flash
        objects from our sites, then you may not be able to access and use all or part of the sites or benefit from the
        information and services offered.
Interest-based advertising.
To learn about interest-based advertising and how you may be able to
        opt out of some interest-based advertising, you may wish to visit the
Network Advertising Initiative’s online
            resources
or the
DAA’s resources.
Residents of Canada may visit the
Your Ad Choices Website
Residents of the United Kingdom may visit the
Your Online Choices Website
Residents of the European Union may visit the
Your Online Choices Website
Please note that opting out of receiving interest-based advertising through the NAI’s and DAA’s online resources
        will only opt-out a user from receiving interest-based ads on that specific browser or device, but the user may
        still receive interest-based ads on his or her other devices. You must perform the opt-out on each browser or
        device you use. We may work with some tracking technology partners that do not participate in the DAA or NAI
        self-regulatory programs and these opt-outs will not have any effect on those partner activities.
Note that some of these opt-outs may not be effective unless your browser is set to accept cookies. If you delete
        cookies, change your browser settings, switch browsers or computers, or use another operating system, you may
        need to opt-out again.
Mobile advertising.
You may also be able to limit interest-based advertising through the
        settings on your mobile device by selecting “limit ad tracking” (iOS) or “opt out of interest-based ads”
        (Android). The Digital Advertising Alliance also offers a tool for opting out of the collection of cross-app
        data on a mobile device for interest-based advertising. To exercise choices for the companies participating in
        this tool,
download the AppChoices app.
You may be able to limit the use
        of location data for advertising purposes by adjusting your location services settings on your mobile device.
Third Party Partners
The following is a sample of the third-party service partners we work with to provide cross-device linking and/or
        interest-based advertising services. We will strive to update this list if or when we work with new partners
        that offer you choices about the collection of your information apart from the DAA and NAI opt-out programs
        linked above. As partners change and new technologies become available, this list is likely to change over time
        and may not always reflect our current partners.
Google Analytics and Advertising
. We use Google
            Analytics to recognize you and link the devices you use when you visit our site or Service on
            your browser or mobile device, log in to your account on our Service, or otherwise engage with
            us. We share a unique identifier, like a user ID or hashed email address, with Google to
            facilitate the service. Google Analytics allows us to better understand how our users interact
            with our Service and to tailor our advertisements and content to you. For information on how
            Google Analytics collects and processes data, as well as how you can control information sent to
            Google, review
Google's site 
                “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps” policy.
You can learn
            about Google Analytics’ currently available opt-outs, including the Google Analytics Browser
            Ad-On, by visiting
Google Website.
We may also utilize certain forms of display
            advertising and other advanced features through Google Analytics, such as Remarketing with
            Google Analytics, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, the DoubleClick Campaign Manager
            Integration, and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. These features enable us
            to use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such
            as the DoubleClick advertising cookie) or other third-party cookies together to inform,
            optimize, and display ads based on your past visits to the Service. You may control your
            advertising preferences or opt out of certain Google advertising products by visiting the
Google Ads Preferences Manager
or by visiting
NAI’s online resources.
We may use data matching services such as LiveRamp to
            help us measure advertising effectiveness and analytics and to create data for personalized
            advertising purposes. You can find out how to opt out of LiveRamp’s services by visiting
LiveRamp’s
                Website.
We may participate in the Adobe Experience Cloud and
            Adobe Experience Cloud Device Co-Op to better understand how you use our website and apps across
            the various devices you use, and to deliver tailored promotions. You can learn more about Adobe
            services and the Adobe Experience Cloud and how you can opt out of Adobe advertising solutions
            by visiting
Adobe’s Website.
AddThis (Part of Oracle Marketing & Data Cloud).
Bing Ads.
Drawbridge.
Flashtalking.
OpenX.
Rubicon Project.
The Trade Desk.
This is not a complete list
of all of the advertising partners we may work with. Please visit
        the
DAA’s resources
to learn more about online
        advertising and to exercise your opt-out choices across all participating third-party ad networks.
TICKET CONTRACT
IMPORTANT NOTICE TO GUESTS
THIS DOCUMENT IS A LEGALLY BINDING CONTRACT ISSUED BY CARNIVAL CRUISE LINE TO, AND ACCEPTED BY, GUEST SUBJECT TO THE IMPORTANT TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPEARING BELOW.
THE ATTENTION OF GUEST IS ESPECIALLY DIRECTED TO SECTIONS 1, 4, AND 12 THROUGH 15, WHICH CONTAIN IMPORTANT LIMITATIONS ON THE RIGHTS OF GUESTS TO ASSERT CLAIMS AGAINST CARNIVAL CRUISE LINE, THE VESSEL, THEIR AGENTS AND EMPLOYEES, AND OTHERS, INCLUDING FORUM SELECTION, CHOICE OF LAW, TIME LIMITATIONS FOR FILING SUIT, ARBITRATION, WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL FOR CERTAIN CLAIMS, AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER.
IMPORTANT TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF CONTRACT –
        READ CAREFULLY!
In consideration of the receipt of the total cruise price  and/or boarding and lodging on the vessel to which this Ticket Contract applies (the “Vessel”), Carnival Cruise Line (“Carnival”) and Guest agree that the booking of the cruise and the cruise are subject to the following terms and conditions:
1. DEFINITIONS AND SCOPE OF CONTRACT
(a) Whenever the word “Carnival” is used in this Contract it shall mean and include the Vessel, and all its owners, operators, employees, agents, charterers, and water shuttles. The term “Guest” shall include the plural where appropriate, and means all persons or entities booking or purchasing passage and/or traveling under this Contract, including heirs, representatives, and any accompanying minors. The masculine includes the feminine. “Guest” shall have the same meaning as “Passenger” in this Contract.
(b) “Cruise Fare” or “Fare” means the amount paid for the cruise which includes full board, ordinary ship’s food during the voyage, but not charges or expenses for goods or services voluntarily or incidentally incurred by Guest, including, but not limited to, for spirits, wine, beer, soft drinks or mineral waters, shore excursions, salon and spa services, room service or dining in specialty restaurants, charges for any medical services received onboard, or Service Gratuities (as described below). “Required Cruise Fees and Expenses” means the amount of mandatory and third-party fees and expenses associated with the Cruise Fare for services on board and in port (which are subject to penalty). “Government Taxes and Fees” means taxes and government-imposed fees for the performance of the cruise and related purchases, such as port head taxes, value-added taxes, air and hotel taxes, and similar fees and taxes assessed on the transaction and associated with the Cruise Fare.  “Cruise Charges” means the Cruise Fare and Required Cruise Fees and Expenses, combined. The “Total Cruise Price” means the Cruise Fare, Required Cruise Fees & Expenses and Government Taxes and Fees, combined.
(c) The Total Cruise Price shall be deemed to be earned when paid and not refundable except as stated on Carnival’s website applicable to the voyage and as provided in Section 7 herein. For your convenience, a “Service Gratuity” will be automatically added to the onboard account for each guest, except for children under the age of 2, to recognize the efforts of a wide variety of crewmembers in various departments who contribute to the experiences of all our guests. Service Gratuities, which are subject to adjustment at your discretion, are pooled and distributed in the form of added wages, bonuses and/or crew benefits. A Service Charge will be automatically added to optional purchases for beverages, specialty dining and other voluntary purchases during the cruise.
(d) This ticket is valid only for the person(s) named hereon as Guests and cannot be transferred or modified without Carnival’s written consent. The acceptance or use of this ticket by the person(s) named hereon as Guests shall be deemed acceptance and agreement by each of them to all of the terms and conditions of this cruise Contract.
(e) All rights, exemptions from liability, defenses and immunities of Carnival under this contract shall also inure to the benefit of Carnival’s facilities, whether at sea or ashore, servants, agents, managers, affiliated or related companies, suppliers, shipbuilders and manufacturers of component parts and independent contractors, including, but not limited to, shore excursion or tour operators, ship’s physician, ship’s nurse, retail shop personnel, health and beauty staff, fitness staff, video diary staff, and other concessionaires, who shall have no liability to the Guest, either in contract or in tort, which is greater than or different from that of Carnival.
(f) Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, this contract constitutes the entire agreement between Carnival and Guest and supersedes all other agreements, oral or written. Any alteration to any term of this contract must be in writing and authorized by Carnival. In the event of a direct conflict between a provision of this contract and a provision of the Cruise Industry Passenger Bill of Rights (“PBOR”) in effect at the time of booking PBOR controls. Guests purchasing, spa services or shore excursions through Carnival are subject to the additional terms and conditions which are incorporated by reference. VIFP Members agree to the additional terms and conditions of VIFP membership which are incorporated by reference. Except as provided in Section 14 below, should any provision of this contract be contrary to or invalid by virtue of the law of the jurisdiction in which this contract is sought to be enforced or be so held by a court of competent jurisdiction, such provision(s) shall be deemed to be severed from the Contract and of no effect and all remaining provisions herein shall be in full force and effect and constitute the Contract of Carriage.
(g) Onboard charges and additional expenses charged to Guest’s Sail and Sign® account will be made in the functional currency of the Vessel, which may differ from the type of currency used to secure the booking.
2. TRAVEL DOCUMENTATION AND GUEST OBLIGATIONS
(a) Proper travel documentation and eligibility to travel is required at embarkation and throughout the cruise. In addition to immigration and customs requirements, the U.S. government and others place restrictions on the carriage of Guests whose names appear on government watch lists or who are deemed legally ineligible to travel. It is the Guest’s sole responsibility to ensure his/her legal eligibility to travel and to bring and have available at all times all required travel documents. Guests are advised to check with their travel agent and with the appropriate government authorities to determine the necessary documents and travel eligibility requirements for their particular cruise destinations, including the port of embarkation. Carnival assumes no responsibility for advising Guest of what travel documents are required for the requested itinerary and it is recommended that Guest travel with a valid government issued passport at all times. Carnival may cancel the booking of any Guest who is or becomes ineligible to travel for any reason, or who is traveling without proper documentation. Any such Guest, or any Guest who fails to board the ship at embarkation, shall be ineligible to board the ship thereafter without Carnival’s consent, and shall not attempt to do so at the same or another port. Under these circumstances the Guest shall not be entitled to a refund or compensation of any kind. Guest is responsible for all related costs and fines, including without limitation travel expenses and for proper travel documentation for any port, or for departure from or arrival to their final destination. Under no circumstances shall Carnival be liable for any costs, damages or expenses whatsoever incurred by any Guest as a result of such failure, cancellation or denial of boarding.
(b) Guest acknowledges receipt of Carnival’s applicable website and travel information and agrees to abide by the terms and conditions of not just this Contract, but also the information contained on Carnival’s  website, including but not limited to the information contained in the “Frequently Asked Questions” and “Embarkation Information” sections.
(c) Guest acknowledges that, for a voyage commencing in a United States port for a round-trip voyage via one or more United States ports, Guest must complete the voyage and disembark at the embarkation port. Failure to do so may result in a fine or penalty being imposed by the United States Customs Service or other governmental agency. In consideration for the Cruise Fare paid, Guest agrees to pay any such fine or penalty imposed because of Guest’s failure to complete the voyage.
(d) Carnival shall refuse boarding to any Guest under the age of twenty-one (21) unless: (1) the Guest is traveling in the same stateroom with an individual twenty-five years or older; (2) traveling in the same stateroom with their spouse; or (3) traveling with a parent or guardian in an accompanying stateroom; or (4) is a qualified member of the U.S. military. Adult Guests agree to be responsible at all times for the safety and behavior of their minor Guests who are traveling with them and Guests agree to properly supervise and monitor all minors traveling with them and to prevent such minors from engaging in hazardous horseplay or any other dangerous behavior. Proof of age and/or proof of marriage are required. Carnival shall not be liable to make any refunds or for any damages with respect to any Guest’s failure to provide proper proof of age or marriage or otherwise comply with this provision.
(e) Guests must attend the mandatory safety briefing once onboard at the commencement of the cruise and any subsequent briefing ordered by the ship’s officer during the cruise. Guests shall comply with all onboard health, environmental and safety policies and procedures (including but not limited to those specified in Sections 5 and 6 below and on
Carnival’s website
(opens a new window)
), and shall familiarize themselves with the nature and character of the ship, as well as, all emergency exits, to assist with safe evacuation in the event of an emergency.
(f) Guests must comply with all pre-embarkation, onboard and shore excursion rules and policies including, but not limited to, all environmental and public health policies and procedures, and shall familiarize themselves with the nature and character of the ship, onboard waste /recycling receptacle stations, and Guest agrees to comply with all such policies and procedures, as well as environmental laws and regulations.
(g) Carnival may deny boarding to any persons with  certain enumerated crimes on their record, which include but are not limited to aggravated assault (including aggravated domestic violence), murder, robbery, sexual assault, and other sexual offenses. Carnival reserves the right to access public records containing information about any criminal convictions and/or crimes to which Guest has pleaded guilty as part of its Guest screening process, including obtaining a consumer background report showing such criminal pleas and convictions from a credit reporting agency and to deny embarkation at any time to any person who has been convicted of any of or pleaded guilty to any of the crimes enumerated above. Carnival may also deny boarding to any persons who have violated Carnival’s Code of Conduct in the past or persons whom Carnival deems to be a concern for the safety or wellbeing of other guests or crew. Guest hereby consents to Carnival’s accessing public records concerning Guest and obtaining a consumer background report regarding Guest from a credit reporting agency regarding criminal conviction/s and conduct as part of its screening policy.  In the event a denial of boarding: 1) the reservation of the Guest who is denied boarding because of a criminal record, past violation of Carnival’s Code of Conduct, or because of a concern for the safety or wellbeing of other guests or crew, shall be deemed to have been cancelled by the Guest who is denied boarding on the date of the booking of such Guest’s reservation, and subject to the standard cancellation penalties in Section 7 below  and 2) the booking, reservation and ticket contract of any Guest travelling with any person denied boarding due to this screening policy (including, but not limited to, the booking, reservation or ticket contract of those in the same travel party as Guest, whether or not such person was to stay in the same cabin or another cabin with the individual denied boarding) shall be unaffected and cancellation by any of these other Guests will be subject to the standard cancellation penalties in Section 7 below.
(h), Guests must arrive on time at the port and at their designated arrival appointment time. Except as otherwise expressly provided in Carnival’s Cancellation and Refund Policy, no refunds will be made in the event of “no shows”, unused tickets, lost tickets, partially used tickets, or cancellations received late or after the start of the cruise. Guest further acknowledges and agrees that they must debark the vessel as instructed by the crew and at their designated time slot for debarkation. Guests will not be permitted to delay the debarkation process or request late debarkation.
3. YOUR TRAVEL AGENT; CONTACT INFORMATION AND RELEASE
(a) Any travel agent, sales agent, or third party travel company utilized by the Guest in connection with the booking of the cruise, or this contract, is solely the agent of the Guest and not Carnival. Carnival is not responsible for the financial condition or integrity of any travel agent utilized by Guest. In the event that an agent shall fail to remit to Carnival any monies paid to the agent by Guest, Guest shall be and remain liable for  any fare or other amounts due to Carnival, regardless of whether liability is asserted before or after embarkation. Issuance and validity of ticket contract is conditional upon final payment being received by Carnival prior to sailing. Any refund made by Carnival to an agent on behalf of Guest shall be deemed payment to Guest, regardless of whether the monies are delivered by the agent to Guest. Receipt of this ticket contract, any other documentation or notification pertaining to the cruise by Guest’s travel agent shall constitute receipt by Guest.
(b) Guest agrees that any email address, telephone number, or mailing address provided to Carnival during the booking or per-cruise process by or on behalf of such Guest (“Provided Contact Information”) may be used by Carnival as the email address, telephone number, or mailing address for such Guest, whether or not the Provided Contact Information in fact includes Guest’s individual email address, telephone number, or mailing address.  Guest consents to and agrees that Carnival may use the Provided Contact Information to give any notice or information relating to Guest’s reservation, booking, or ticket contract and that Carnival’s sending of any notice or information by use of the Provided Contact Information shall constitute notice to Guest.  Guest further consents to and agrees that Carnival may communicate with any person contacting Carnival from any Provided Contact Information concerning Guest’s reservation, booking, or ticket contract. GUEST HEREBY RELEASES AND FOREVER DISCHARGES CARNIVAL, AND CARNIVAL’S EMPLOYEES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, AGENTS AND CONTRACTORS, FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, DEMANDS, DAMAGES, ACTIONS, CAUSES OF ACTIONS OR SUITS ARISING OUT OF, OR RELATED TO: 1) CARNIVAL’S USE OF THE PROVIDED CONTACT INFORMATION TO PROVIDE NOTICES OR INFORMATION TO GUEST, OR; 2) CARNIVAL’S COMMUNICATING WITH ANY PERSON CONTACTING CARNIVAL FROM THE PROVIDED CONTACT INFORMATION CONCERNING GUEST’S RESERVATION, BOOKING, OR TICKET CONTRACT.
4. BAGGAGE, PERSONAL PROPERTY, PROHIBITED ITEMS, AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
(a) Each fully paid adult Guest will be allowed a reasonable amount of luggage on board containing their personal belongings. Luggage means only trunks, valises, satchels, bags, hangers and bundles with their contents consisting of only such wearing apparel, toilet articles and similar personal effects as are necessary and appropriate for the purpose of the journey. Carnival reserves the right to inspect all luggage for the safety and security of the Vessel and deny any such luggage it deems unreasonable or unsafe.
(b) You agree that Carnival's liability as a Carrier for loss or damage to baggage is limited to US $250 per bag per Guest up to a maximum of two (2) bags per Guest for sailings 14 days or less and up to a maximum of three (3) bags per Guest for sailings 15 days or longer. Carnival shall not be liable for any loss or theft of or damage to or disposition of cash, securities, negotiable instruments, jewelry, gold, silver or similar valuables or precious stones, works of art, electronics, computers (whether handheld, laptop or other), DVD/Blu-ray players or digital or flash drive computer equipment, disks, memory cards or other electronic storage, handheld or similar devices, cellular telephones, cameras, video or audio tapes, CDs, binoculars, recreational equipment, dental hardware, cosmetics, electric hair appliances, liquids, luggage locks, eyewear (including eyeglasses, sunglasses and contact lenses), hearing aids, medications, medical equipment, wheelchairs, scooters, liquor or other alcoholic beverages, cigarettes, tobacco products or business or other documents under any circumstances, whether carried within Guest’s luggage or otherwise. Use of any stateroom safe will not increase Carnival’s liability as provided in this Ticket Contract.
(c) No tools of trade, household goods, presents and/or property of others, jewelry, money, cameras, documents, valuables of any description including but not limited to such articles as are described in Title 46 of the United States Code section 30503 shall be carried except under and subject to the terms of a special written contract or Bill of Lading entered into with Carnival prior to embarkation upon application of the Guest. The Guest warrants that no such articles are contained in any receptacle or container presented by him as baggage hereunder, and if any such articles are shipped in the Guest’s baggage in breach of this warranty, no liability for negligence, gross or ordinary, shall attach to Carnival for any loss or damage thereto.
(d) Carnival shall not be liable for: (1) Guest’s failure to comply with the requirements set forth in this clause (2) any loss or damage before baggage comes into Carnival’s actual custody on board or after baggage leaves Carnival’s actual custody on board, including, but not limited to, loss or damage by airlines or other transportation services; (3) any loss or damage of baggage while not in the actual possession, custody and control of Carnival; (4) damage due to wear, tear or normal usage; (5) any loss or damage of perishable items, medicine, liquor, cash, securities or other financial instruments, or (6) any loss or damage while in the custody and control of stevedores.
(e) No Guest is permitted to bring on board the Vessel live animals (other than qualified service dogs, with not less than 14 days advance notice given to Carnival). Guest will be solely responsible for any and all damage and/or loss caused by service dogs.
(f) Weapons, knives, firearms, contraband, ammunition, explosives, incendiary devices, or other dangerous items are strictly prohibited aboard the Vessel. Carnival reserves the right to confiscate, destroy and/or turn over to authorities these or any other items it deems in its sole discretion to be detrimental to the safety or comfort of any person or which are otherwise improperly in the possession of any Guest. Each Guest warrants that no such articles are contained in any receptacle or container carried or presented as baggage. Alcoholic beverages are prohibited except as provided for in Section 9.
(g) Marijuana and cannabis, and any and all marijuana and/or cannabis derivatives, and all illegal controlled substances are strictly prohibited and may not be brought on board any Carnival vessel. Marijuana and all marijuana and cannabis derivatives are strictly prohibited from Carnival’s vessels, even if they are legal in some states or jurisdictions. Guest hereby expressly agrees that Carnival has, at all times with or without notice, the right to search Guest’s cabin and baggage and/or personal effects for any prohibited items including but not limited to drugs, weapons, and other contraband, at any location, to ensure compliance with these and other restrictions. Guests and their luggage will be routinely and randomly screened by security personnel and screening tools and equipment, including narcotics and contraband sniffing dogs during embarkation, at ports of call and on board. Any Guest who refuses any such search or screening, or any Guest traveling with such items and/or attempting to board the Vessel with any such items, may be denied boarding or reboarding and/or disembarked and no refund of any portion of the the Total Cruise Price will be issued. Guest will be solely responsible for any and all damage and/or loss caused by his violation of this policy.
5. PUBLIC HEALTH PRACTICES AND PROCEDURES; UNDERSTANDING AND ACCEPTANCE OF RISKS
GUESTS ARE ENCOURAGED TO DISCUSS THE ADVISABILITY OF TRAVEL WITH THEIR PHYSICIAN AND TO REVIEW THE U.S. CENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL AND PREVENTION (“CDC”) WEBSITE FOR UPDATED INFORMATION. GUEST ACKNOWLEDGES, UNDERSTANDS AND ACCEPTS THAT WHILE ABOARD THE VESSEL, IN TERMINALS AND BOARDING AREAS, OR DURING ACTIVITIES ASHORE AND/ OR WHILE TRAVELING TO OR FROM THE VESSEL, THE GUEST OR OTHER GUESTS MAY BE EXPOSED TO COMMUNICABLE ILLNESSES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO COVID-19, INFLUENZA, COLDS AND NOROVIRUS. GUEST FURTHER UNDERSTANDS AND ACCEPTS THAT THE RISK OF EXPOSURES TO THESE COMMUNICABLE ILLNESSES AND OTHERS IS INHERENT IN MOST ACTIVITIES WHERE PEOPLE INTERACT OR SHARE COMMON FACILITIES, ARE BEYOND CARNIVAL’S CONTROL, AND CANNOT BE ELIMINATED UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES. GUEST KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY ACCEPTS THESE RISKS AS PART OF THIS TICKET CONTRACT, INCLUDING THE RISK OF SERIOUS ILLNESS OR DEATH ARISING FROM SUCH EXPOSURES, AND/OR ALL RELATED DAMAGES, LOSS, COSTS AND EXPENSES OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER.
6. NATURE OF CRUISE; FITNESS TO TRAVEL; SPECIAL NEEDS; PREGNANCY AND INFANTS; DISEMBARKATION
(a) The Guest admits a full understanding of the character of the voyage and the Vessel and assumes all risks incident to travel and transportation and handling of Guests and cargo. While at sea or in port the availability of medical care may be limited or delayed. Guest acknowledges that all or part of their voyage may be in areas where medical care and evacuation may not be available. Guest agrees to indemnify and reimburse Carnival in the event Carnival elects to advance the cost of emergency medical care, including medical care provided ashore as well as transportation and/or lodging in connection therewith. Guest acknowledges that their own health insurance will not cover or be applicable to any medical services received on board and that such charges may not be eligible for reimbursement from Guest’s own insurance. Guest acknowledges and agrees that they are solely responsible for all charges related to medical services received onboard and/or at a port of call. Carnival strongly encourages all guests to obtain travel insurance prior to the cruise that can help offset such medical expenses. Guest further acknowledges and agrees that all charges for delivered onboard medical services will be automatically applied to the Guest’s shipboard Sail and Sign® account, even if such charges exceed the limit set on their Sail and Sign® folio.  If Guest is unable to satisfy payment of medical charges on board, Guest agrees that Carnival will be entitled to seek collection of such expenses from the Guest after the cruise. Guests who embark in violation of the Ticket Contract terms assume all associated risks and agree to indemnify and reimburse Carnival for all resulting losses, costs and expenses, including without limitation those related to the Vessel’s deviation from its scheduled route, and other expenses attributable to disembarkation of such Guests. Guests are further advised to refer to Sections 5 and 11 which specify their responsibilities and obligations in these situations.
(b) Carnival’s vessels visit numerous ports in a number of countries. Guests assume responsibility for their own safety and Carnival cannot guarantee Guest’s safety at any time. The United States Department of State, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and other governmental and tourist organizations regularly issue advisories and warnings to travelers and Carnival strongly recommends Guests obtain and consider such information when making travel decisions. Carnival assumes no responsibility for gathering said information.
(c) Guest warrants that Guest and Guest’s travelling party are physically and emotionally fit to travel at the time of embarkation, and further warrants that such Guests have no medical or emotional condition that would endanger any Guest or crewmembers or result in a deviation of the voyage. Any Guest with special medical, physical, or other needs requiring medical attention or special accommodation during the voyage is requested to notify Carnival in writing at the time of booking of such special need. Upon booking the cruise, Guests who have special needs are requested to contact Carnival’s Guest Access Desk (305-599-2600 ext. 70025) to discuss the details of their special needs. Carnival recommends that any Guest who is not self-sufficient travel with a companion who shall take responsibility for any assistance needed during the voyage.  Carnival does not provide one-on-one personal care assistance, and all Guests must be able to provide such care for themselves (e.g., performing personal tasks such as eating, dressing, toileting, bathing, and getting around the ship). Once on board, our crew will not provide any assistance with such personal tasks. Guests are encouraged to contact their treating physician to discuss their health concerns, including pregnancy, before traveling. (See Clause 6(d) below for pregnancy restrictions).
(d) Carnival and the Master each reserves the right to adopt and implement public health protocols, refuse boarding or passage, disembark, or confine to a stateroom any Guest who violates the terms of this ticket contract or Carnival’s policies or any Guest whose physical or mental condition or behavior would be considered, in the sole opinion of the Captain in consultation with the ship's physician, a risk to any Guest or crew member. Guest understands and acknowledges that in addition to the limitations on medical care described in Clause 6(a), prenatal and early infant care, in particular, may require specialized diagnostic facilities and/or treatment that are not available or obtainable during the cruise on board the ship and/or ashore in ports of call. Therefore, any Guest that is unfit to travel, and any Guest who will at any time during the cruise enter her 24th week of estimated gestational age, agrees not to book a cruise or board the ship. Infants must be at least 6 months of age at the time of embarkation in order to sail, however children must be at least 12 months of age at the time of embarkation to sail on the following itineraries: Transoceanic voyages and remote itineraries, where there are more than 2 consecutive sea days. Carnival and the Master reserve the right to disembark any unfit Guest or any Guest whose behavior affects the comfort, enjoyment, safety or wellbeing of other Guests or crew members.  Guests disembarked in such circumstances shall be liable as set forth in Sections 2, 9 and 11. Carnival reserves the right to debark, deny boarding, or cancel the reservation without refund, compensation, or payment of any Guest who is unfit to travel and/or who will be in excess of their 23rd week of gestation at time of sailing, except as set forth in Carnival’s cancellation policy described in Section 7 below, based on the timing of such cancellation.
7. CANCELLATION BY GUEST, REFUNDS
Guests must arrive on time at the port and at their designated boarding appointment time. Except as otherwise expressly provided in Carnival’s Cancellation and Refund Policy, no refunds will be made in the event of “no shows”, unused tickets, lost tickets, partially used tickets, or cancellations received late or after the start of the cruise. Carnival strongly recommends the purchase of trip cancellation insurance that includes coverage for travel cancellation or interruptions.
Cancellation charges for all  bookings will be assessed as listed below. Guests who have made reservations for multiple occupancy cabins (for example for three, four, or five persons) are subject to the cancellation charges and schedule below for the entire cabin reservation, even if Guest does not cancel his or her individual reservation and even if the names of all persons to be in the same cabin as Guest are not provided at the time of booking. Guests whose embarkation is denied under Section 2(g) above (related to background checks and conduct) are also subject to the cancellation schedule below as are Guests who have made bookings as part of the same travelling party as a Guest who is denied embarkation, as set forth under Section 2(g) above.
Guest agrees that any losses sustained by Carnival in the event of cancellation would be very difficult or impossible to quantify, and the cancellation fees are fair and reasonable as liquidated damages.
Days Prior to Departure Date
Cancellation Charge (Per Guest)*
2-5 day cruises (excluding all Alaskan, European, Transatlantic, and Panama Canal cruises):
Up to 76 days
None (except Cruise Charges with non-refundable payments*)
75 to 56 days
Deposit
55 to 30 days
Deposit or 50% of Total Fare, whichever is greater
29 to 15 days
Deposit or 75% of Total Fare, whichever is greater
14 days or less
100% of Total Fare
6 day or longer cruises, as well as all Alaskan, European, Transatlantic, and Panama Canal
                        cruises:
Up to 91 days
None (except Cruise Charges with non-refundable payments*)
90 to 56 days
Deposit
55 to 30 days
Deposit or 50% of Total Fare, whichever is greater
29 to 15 days
Deposit or 75% of Total Fare, whichever is greater
14 days or less
100% of Total Fare
Total Fare is defined as Cruise Charges, Transfer Services, Pre/Post Cruise Vacation Packages and Air Supplements (excluding Restricted Air which is non-refundable any time after booking). Government Taxes and Fees, as shown on your cruise invoice, as well as any prepaid Service Gratuity, will not be subject to a cancellation penalty and will be refunded in case of cancellation.
*Certain promotional  offers may not be listed on this page, please refer to the terms and conditions of your specific promotion for more details. A full ship charter and a group contract other than this Ticket Contract may specify their own cancellation charge schedule.
Except as otherwise provided in Carnival’s Cancellation and Refund Policy, the deposit under Early Saver is non-refundable. All cancellations that occur prior to final payment due date will receive a non-refundable and non-transferable future cruise credit, redeemable for US dollars bookings, in the amount of the deposit less a $50 per person service fee. The future cruise credit must be used for a new reservation made within 12 months from the date of cancellation, is applicable to any Carnival Cruise Line sailing available in US dollars and can only be applied to the price of your future cruise. Any unused portion will be forfeited.
8. CARNIVAL’S RIGHT TO INCREASE FARES, INCREASE OR ESTABLISH CHARGES FOR GOODS AND SERVICES, CANCEL OR CHANGE VOYAGE, AND CHANGE STATEROOM ASSIGNMENTS AND TO PERFORM CONSTRUCTION OR REPAIRS, LIMITATIONS ON VACATION PROTECTION PRODUCTS
(a) Subject to applicable laws, Carnival reserves the right to increase published fares and air fare supplements without prior notice. However, fully paid or deposited Guests will be protected, except for fares listed, quoted, advertised or booked in error, other  changes to deposit, payment and cancellation terms/conditions, which are subject to change without notice at any time prior to the Guest receiving a confirmed booking. In the event that a cruise fare listed, quoted or advertised through any website, Carnival sales person, travel agent or any other source is booked but is incorrect due to an electronic error, typographical error, human error or any other error causing the fare to be listed, quoted or advertised for an amount not intended by Carnival, Carnival reserves the right to correct the erroneous fare by requesting the Guest to pay the correct fare intended (and associated fees, expenses and taxes), or by canceling the cruise in exchange for a full refund, but in no event shall Carnival be obligated to honor any such booking resulting from the error or otherwise be liable in such circumstances.
(b) Carnival reserves the right to offer promotional cruise fares that require a minimum occupancy requirement per cabin. When the booked cruise fare is contingent on a minimum occupancy requirement per cabin, cancellation by one or more Guests in a cabin may cause an adjustment to the remaining Guests booked cruise fare based on the prevailing and available rate at the time of the cancellation (“recalculated fare”). Final payment in full of the recalculated fares (and associated fees, expenses and taxes) for all remaining Guests in a cabin is due by 11:59:59 p.m. EST on the eve before the start of the cancellation penalty period. Failure to make timely final payment in full of the recalculated total price by all remaining Guests in a cabin will result in automatic cancellation of the reservation for the entire cabin.
(c) Carnival has the right, without previous notice to the Guest, to cancel this contract at the port of embarkation or at any time during the voyage. In the event a voyage is canceled or terminated early due to a mechanical failure of the Vessel, Guest is entitled to their Total Cruise Price, or a proportional share thereof as determined by Carnival, in addition to transportation to the Vessel’s scheduled port of disembarkation or Guest’s home city, at Carnival’s discretion and expense, as well as necessary lodging at the unscheduled port of disembarkation, if required, at Carnival’s expense. In the event a voyage is canceled or shortened for any reason other than a mechanical failure of the Vessel, Guest shall be entitled to a Future Cruise Credit or an Onboard Credit equal to their Total Cruise Price paid or a proportional part thereof, as determined by Carnival, and Carnival shall have no further liability for damages or compensation of any kind.
(d) Carnival may change the duration and/or itinerary of the cruise at any time. The Vessel shall be entitled to leave and enter ports with or without pilots or tugs, to tow and assist other vessels in any circumstances, to return to or enter any port at the Master’s discretion and for any purpose, and to deviate in any direction or for any purpose from the direct or usual course, and to omit or change any or all port calls, arrival or departure times, with or without notice, for any reason whatsoever, including but not limited to health and safety, security, adverse weather, hurricanes, tornadoes, strikes, tides, hostilities, civil unrest, port closings, emergency debarkations of Guests or crew, late air, sea, car or motor coach departures or arrivals, mechanical breakdowns, declared pandemics, public health emergencies or outbreak of communicable disease, quarantines, national or regional emergencies, US or foreign governmental advisories or travel warnings, all such deviations being considered as forming part of and included in the proposed voyage. Except as provided in Clause 8(c) with respect to mechanical failures, as provided in Carnival’s change of itinerary policy in effect when the Guest or Guest’s agent accepts the terms of this Ticket Contract, or as required by federal regulations, Carnival shall have no liability for any compensation or other damages in such circumstances for any change in itinerary, ports of call, ports of embarkation and debarkation, and/or duration of the cruise (including a longer than planned duration of the cruise due to port closings) (Carnival’s change of itinerary policy can be found at
Carnival's
            Website
(opens a new window)
or at Carnival's
FAQs
(opens a new window)
Page).
(e) Except as provided in Clause 8(c) with respect to mechanical failures, or as required by federal regulations, if the performance of the proposed voyage is hindered or prevented (or in the opinion of Carnival or the Master is likely to be hindered or prevented) by war, hostilities, blockage, ice, labor conflicts, adverse weather conditions, strikes on board or ashore, restraint of Princes, Rulers or People (including but not limited to orders by governmental agencies restricting travel due to declared pandemics, public health emergencies or outbreak of communicable disease, quarantines, national or regional emergencies) seizure under legal process, breakdown of the Vessel, congestion, docking difficulties or any other cause whatsoever or if Carnival or the Master considers that for any reason whatsoever, proceeding to, attempting to enter, or entering or remaining at the port of Guest’s destination may expose the Vessel to risk or loss or damage or be likely to delay her, the Guest and his baggage may be landed at the port of embarkation or at any port or place at which the Vessel may call, at which time the responsibility of Carnival shall cease and this contract shall be deemed to have been fully performed, or if the Guest has not embarked, Carnival may cancel the proposed voyage without liability to refund passage money or charges or fares paid in advance.
(f) Carnival and the Master shall have liberty to comply with any orders, recommendations or directions whatsoever given by the Government or Department of any nation or by any person acting or purporting to act with the authority of such Government or Department or by any Committee or person having under the terms of the War Risks Insurance on the Vessel the right to give such orders, recommendations or directions, and if by reason of, and in compliance with any such orders, recommendations or directions anything is done or is not done the same shall not be deemed a deviation or a breach of this contract. Disembarkation of any Guest or discharge of baggage in accordance with such orders, recommendations or directions shall constitute due and proper fulfillment of the obligation of Carnival under this Contract.
(g) Specific stateroom assignments are not guaranteed. Carnival reserves the right to move Guests to a comparable stateroom for any reason, including but not limited to, instances in which a stateroom is booked with fewer than the maximum number of Guests the stateroom can accommodate; or when a partial Guest cancellation occurs and the remaining number of Guests do not match the maximum number of Guests the stateroom can accommodate.
(h) Guest agrees and acknowledges that Carnival may, at any time and without notice, impose charges for, increase charges for and/or eliminate goods and services voluntarily purchased by Guest, other than what is included in your Cruise Fare, without liability to the Guest. These additional charges are exclusive of your Cruise Fare. The goods and services offered or available during the cruise, may differ from goods and services previously offered or available on prior cruises and/or what was advertised on prior versions of Carnival’s website (Carnival.com), commercials, in other printed media, and/or in prior verbal discussions.
(i) Carnival reserves the right to periodically perform repairs to the Vessel and/or perform construction on the Vessel to alter, amend or remove any appurtenance, amenity, or facility on the Vessel. Guest acknowledges that such repairs, alterations, amendments or removal of any appurtenance may occur during the cruise and agrees that Carnival shall not be liable to Guest for a refund, of any portion of the Total Cruise Price, full, partial or otherwise, nor shall Guest have any legal or equitable cause of action relating thereto.
(j) Guest hereby acknowledges and agrees that Carnival’s “Great Vacation Guarantee” program has been suspended and that Guest is not entitled to any benefit thereof.
(k) Prices of Shore Excursions that take place in The Bahamas are inclusive of a 10% Bahamas value added tax (VAT).
(l) At Carnival’s discretion, Casino Player Bank Balances under $100 that are not claimed prior to casino close on the last morning of the voyage may be refunded back to Guest’s Sail & Sign Onboard. Balances of $25 or more that have not been refunded back to Guest’s Sail & Sign may be sent to the Guest’s address on file.
9. COMPLIANCE WITH RULES, SOLICITATION, SMOKING, DRINKING, ILLEGAL ACTIVITY, SEARCHES, DISRUPTIVE BEHAVIOR, BEVERAGE POLICY AND ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY
(a) Guest agrees during the course of the voyage to follow the directions of the ship’s Master, or his authorized officer. Guest further agrees to abide by all shipboard rules and policies. Guests shall not solicit anyone on the Vessel for any commercial, professional, illegal, or illicit purposes. Guest agrees that any violation of this or any Clause in the ticket contract may subject Guest to disembarkation with no refund to the Guest and any such actions may cause Guest to be prohibited from sailing with Carnival in the future.
(b) Guest acknowledges that smoking is only permitted in designated areas. Guest agrees to refrain from smoking in non-designated areas and agrees that Carnival has the right to assess up to a $500 charge, per violation, and to disembark the Guest for failure to observe
Carnival's
            Tobacco and Marijuana Smoking Policy ("Smoking Policy")
(opens a new
                window)
with no refund to the Guest.
(c) Any and all forms of smoking, including but not limited to, cigarettes, cigars, pipes, vaporizers, and electronic cigarettes are strictly prohibited on board Carnival’s vessels except in specific designated exterior deck areas and designated casino/night club spaces. All staterooms and suite accommodations, including the outside balconies, are NON-SMOKING. In accordance with
Carnival's
            Smoking Policy
(opens a new window)
any marijuana possession or use is strictly prohibited on all Carnival ships at all times, regardless of local, state, or other laws which might permit use or possession of marijuana. Carnival abides by U.S. Federal Law which prohibits the possession or use of marijuana on its ships for any reason. Any Guest who brings marijuana or any illegal controlled substances on board, in violation of Carnival’s policy or U.S. or international law, including any law of a port or the flag state, will be reported to local and/or Federal authorities and U.S. Customs & Border Protection for possible detainment and/or enforcement action. Carnival may deny boarding or disembark any Guest who brings or attempts to bring marijuana or any illegal substance on board with no refund to Guest and at Guest’s own expense for repatriation and travel. Guest agrees to strictly comply with Carnival’s Smoking Policy. Guest further agrees that any violation of Carnival’s Smoking Policy would also cause Carnival to incur damages, including but not limited to, loss of Guest goodwill, revenue, cleaning, maintenance, fines and/or other costs. Any evidence of smoking in a stateroom or balcony, e.g.; smoke smell/residue, butts, ashes, upholstery/furniture burns, tampering of the smoke alarm, will constitute a violation of
Carnival's
            Smoking Policy
(opens a new window)
. Guests who violate our Smoking Policy will be assessed a $500 charge, per violation, on the Guest’s Sail & Sign® account, and may also result in the disembarkation of all Guests in the stateroom. Fines will be assessed in the functional currency of the Vessel which might be different than the currency used to secure the booking. Such Guests will be solely responsible for all resulting financial penalties and expenses to return home, and no portion of their Total  Cruise Price will be refunded. Guest further acknowledges and agrees that any violation of this policy shall, in the sole discretion of Carnival, constitute a material breach of this cruise contract. In the event of such breach, Guest forfeits all rights hereunder, including the right to remain on board. Carnival reserves the right to disembark Guest(s), at any port, as determined by Carnival. Carnival shall not be liable for any refund or other compensation or damages whatsoever to any Guest disembarked pursuant to this provision, or who disembarks because another Guest is so disembarked. Such Guests may also be prohibited from sailing with Carnival in the future.
(d) Guest agrees, in all ports of call, to return to the Vessel or pre-boarding location in accordance with instructions given by the Vessel’s Master or his authorized officer. Guest further acknowledges that shipboard and shore side clocks may have different times, but it is Guest’s responsibility to return to the Vessel or pre-boarding location so as not to miss Vessel’s departure. Any costs associated with transporting Guest to rejoin the Vessel including, but not limited to, governmental fees, visa fees, subsistence, lodging, air fare, launch fare, car hire or agency fees shall be for the account of Guest. The Guest shall be liable to and shall reimburse Carnival or the Master for any fines or penalties imposed on Carnival by any government, governmental or regulatory agency, entity, or official, port or port official, or for expenses or losses caused or incurred for Guest’s intentional or negligent act or omission, including but not limited to, criminal or disruptive behavior by the Guest onboard or Guest’s failure to board the ship prior to the scheduled departure time at any port.
(e) Carnival has a “zero tolerance” policy toward any illegal activity or behavior by Guests or crew aboard. Guest agrees to comply with this policy and further acknowledges that it is Carnival’s policy to report incidents of illegal activity or behavior to the appropriate law enforcement authorities. Carnival will cooperate with relevant authorities in any civil or criminal proceedings sought by those agencies. For the safety of the Vessel and of other guests and crew, Carnival reserves the right to confine any Guest who commits a crime on board until law enforcement authorities can be contacted and/or board the Vessel.
For safety reasons, Guests are prohibited from bringing alcoholic beverages on board with the following exception: At the beginning of the cruise during embarkation day, Guests (21 years of age and older) may carry on in their hand luggage, one 750 ml bottle of sealed/unopened wine or champagne per person. A $15 corkage fee (a charge exacted at a restaurant for every bottle of wine served that was not bought on the premises), per 750 ml bottle, will be charged should Guests wish to consume their wine or champagne in a main dining room, steakhouse or bar.  Guests are also prohibited from bringing water, sodas and other non-alcoholic beverages on board that are packaged in bottles.  A small quantity of non-alcoholic beverages (i.e., sparkling water, sodas, juice, milk) packaged in cans or cartons may be brought on board on embarkation day, only if carried on in Guests’ hand luggage (not in checked luggage). A small quantity is considered a maximum of 12 sealed, unopened cans/cartons of 12 ounces each or less per person. Any hard liquor, beer, other forms of alcoholic beverage, and non-alcoholic beverages, outside of the exceptions referenced above, are strictly prohibited (in both carry-on and checked luggage) and such items will be confiscated and discarded, and no compensation will be provided. Alcoholic beverages purchased in the Vessel’s gift shops or at a port of call will be retained by Carnival until the end of the voyage. Carnival reserves the right to refuse to serve alcohol to any passenger. Guest acknowledges that the minimum age permitted for the purchase, possession, or consumption of alcoholic beverages aboard Carnival’s vessels is twenty-one (21). Guest agrees to supervise all persons under age twenty-one (21) under Guest’s charge to ensure that they do not violate this, or any other, shipboard regulation. Guests who attempt to purchase alcohol by using false identification or the Sail & Sign® card of a Guest who is twenty-one or older will be deemed in violation of this policy. Any Guest twenty-one or older who attempts to or purchases alcohol for any Guest under twenty-one will also be deemed in violation of this policy. Guest agrees that Carnival has the right to disembark any Guest who violates this policy and as well as any adults traveling with minors who violate this policy or any other shipboard regulation.
(f) Compliance with APHIS regulations: To protect U.S. agriculture and natural resources from the introduction and spread of foreign plant and animal pests and diseases please be advised that agricultural products including seeds, soil, live insects, food such as fresh fruit, vegetables and animal products including meat, milk, and eggs must not be brought back to the United States. This food includes meals that were offered during the cruise but were not consumed. If you have in your possession any meals or food, including any fresh fruit, vegetables and animal products such as meat sandwiches, milk, eggs from the ship, you must leave them behind or deposit them in the amnesty bin/food collection bin at the exit during disembarkation.  These items are prohibited entry by U.S. Customs and Border Protection and the U.S. Department of Agriculture. Violations of these prohibitions may result in penalties and fines to the Guest and/or disembarkation without refund.
(g) Tampering with Life Saving Devices: Guest agrees to not tamper with or discard overboard any life saving device such as, but not limited to; life rings and life jackets, unless in an emergency or instructed to do so by the ship’s master. Tampering with life-saving devices may result in a fine to the Guest and/or disembarkation without refund.
(h) Guest agrees not to engage in any lewd, lascivious, indecent, obscene, offensive, or outrageous behavior while on board and specifically agrees that violation of this policy may result in confinement or debarkation from the Vessel with no refund to the Guest and at Guest’s own expense for repatriation and travel. Furthermore, all guests should ensure their clothing and accessories are respectful to fellow guests. Specifically, items worn during the cruise should not contain any message that may be considered offensive or contain nudity, profanity, sexual innuendo/suggestions. In addition, clothing/accessories should not promote negative ethnic or racial commentary, or hatred or violence in any form. Violation of this policy may result in Guest’s disembarkation with no refund of any portion of their Total Cruise Price.
(i) All guests must adhere to Carnival’s environmental policy as follows: Any dumping or pollution of any kind including discharge of any item into the ocean and/or waterways is strictly prohibited. Guest will be strictly liable for any illegal dumping or pollution. Any willful or negligent act of discharging or releasing any unauthorized item overboard, without the express permission of the ship's staff may result in a $500 charge, per violation, posted to Guest’s Sail & Sign
®
account. Fines will be imposed using the functional currency of the Vessel, which may be different than the form of currency used to secure the booking. Additionally, Guest will be charged the reimbursement cost of any unauthorized discharged property belonging to Carnival and such charge will be posted to Guest’s Sail & Sign
®
account. Guest shall also be responsible for any fines or penalties imposed on Carnival by any government, governmental agency or official, port or port official, or for expenses or losses caused or incurred for Guest’s violation of this policy. Violation of this policy may result in the disembarkation of all guests in the stateroom. Guests who are disembarked for violating our environmental policy will be responsible for all financial charges and expenses to return home, and no refund of any portion of their unused Total Cruise Price will be provided. Additionally, they may be prohibited from sailing with Carnival Cruise Line in the future.
(j) Consistent with our commitment to safety and our “zero tolerance” policy set forth in Section 9(e) above, any illegal activity or disruptive behavior will not be tolerated. Guest agrees to follow Carnival’s Code of Conduct at all times. Any Guest whose conduct affects the comfort, enjoyment, safety, or well-being of other guests or crew will be detained onboard and/or disembarked at their own expense and will be prohibited from sailing with Carnival in the future. Any violation of our “zero tolerance” policy or Code of Conduct is a breach of the Ticket Contract, for which Guest agrees to pay Carnival liquidated damages of $500, to be charged to the Guest’s Sail and Sign® account without further notice or consent, representing the reputational and goodwill damages and injury to Carnival for Guest’s violations.  In addition, Guest or Guest’s estate agrees to defend and indemnify Carnival and the Vessel, their servants and agents against liability which Carnival or the Vessel or such servants or agents may incur towards any person, company, or Government for any damage to property, personal injury, or death caused directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, by any illegal activity or disruptive behavior of Guest and those minors traveling with Guest.
(k) Carnival may impose a curfew for minors by requiring Guests under 18 years of age to be clear of all public areas by 1:00 a.m. ship’s time unless they are accompanied by an adult in their traveling party, 21 years of age or older, or they are participating in a Carnival youth program activity.
10. PERSONAL DATA; VIDEO SURVEILLANCE; RIGHT TO SEARCH OR INSPECT; PRIVACY NOTICE AND PUBLIC WIRELESS SERVICES
(a) Carnival may utilize closed circuit television cameras or other surveillance means onboard the Vessel. Guest acknowledges and agrees that such devices may be recording and that videos and images of the Guest may be stored and used as deemed necessary by Carnival to comply with law, applicable regulations, governmental and quasi-governmental requests or orders, or any legal investigation or claims process.
(b) Calls made to Carnival, and calls received from Carnival, may be recorded for the purposes of audit, training and the monitoring of services provided by Carnival.
(c) Guest agrees Carnival has, at all times with or without notice, the right to enter and search Guest’s stateroom, personal safe or storage spaces, or to search or screen any Guest, and/or personal effects, at any location, to ensure compliance with any of the restrictions set forth in this agreement. Any Guest who refuses any such search or screening may be denied boarding or disembarked and no refund of the any portion of the Total Cruise Price will be issued.
(d) The personal data Guest provides to Carnival, or which is obtained through Guest’s dealings with Carnival or with its affiliates, will be processed in accordance with Carnival privacy notice, which describes how personal data may be processed, and which is available on the Carnival website. Carnival may from time to time change its privacy notice; you can find the up-to-date privacy notice on the
Privacy Notice page
(opens a new window)
or by writing to the address given below. Guests may provide personal data to Carnival that may include names, postal or email addresses, date of birth, passport information, financial account, telephone numbers, likenesses, photographs or other information which would identify Guests personally. Guests may also provide Carnival or others certain sensitive data such as health, medical, dietary, religious, gender or sexual orientation information. Guest agrees that Carnival may (1) keep their personal and sensitive data, (2) use it in its business worldwide in accordance with its published privacy notice, (3) share it with its affiliated or related companies and (4) subject it to processing worldwide provided Carnival’s safeguards are used.  Guest agrees that any personal or sensitive data provided to Carnival in the European Economic Area may be used, processed and transferred worldwide including to the U.S.
(e) Guest agrees that Carnival may disclose personal or sensitive data to unaffiliated third parties (1) with the Guest’s consent or authorization, (2) to help complete a transaction for the Guest, (3) to comply with law, applicable regulations, governmental and quasi-governmental requests, orders or legal process, (4) to enforce this or other agreements or protect the rights, safety or property of Carnival or others, (5) as part of a purchase, sale, or transfer of assets or our business, (6) to Carnival’s agents or service providers to perform functions on its behalf, or (7) as otherwise described in Carnival’s published privacy notice, as amended from time to time.
(f) Carnival may, but will not be required to, make wireless access to the Internet or access to wireless telephone services ("Wireless Services") available to Guests on board either directly or through a third-party service provider. All Guests agree that use of Wireless Services is at their own risk and that Carnival shall not be liable to Guests in any manner for claims, losses or damages resulting therefrom.  Guests’ use of Wireless Services onboard is public; privacy of any information sent or received is not guaranteed.  Personal data may be available to third-party service providers and Carnival is not liable under any circumstances for any lack of privacy while using Wireless Services. Guest agrees that Carnival has the right, but not the obligation to monitor, record, intercept and disclose any transmissions over or using Wireless Services aboard the Vessel, and to provide billing, account, or use records, and related information relating to all Wireless Services as it deems appropriate in its sole discretion (for example, in response to lawful process, orders, subpoenas, or warrants, or to protect Carnival's rights, passengers or property). All Guests agree that their use of Wireless Services is governed by Carnival's Terms and Conditions of Wireless Services [contained in your Folio or available upon connection to the internet] in addition to and any terms and conditions imposed by a third-party Wireless Services provider.
(g) Carnival may use facial recognition technology to enable embarkation, debarkation, at entry and exit of the Vessel at ports of call, on all photos taken by Carnival during Guest's voyage, as well as those photos Guest uploads to Carnival's mobile app. Carnival will delete facial biometric identifiers following completion of the voyage, prior to a subsequent voyage. All un-identified photos will be deleted within thirty (30) days after the end of each voyage or earlier upon request. Any photos that have been identified and linked to Guest's Sail and Sign® Guest ID will be retained for two (2) years to enable guest access and purchase of photos and photo memorabilia after the end of the voyage. Photos may be deleted earlier upon request.  Carnival does not share facial recognition records with any third parties outside of the Carnival Corporation & plc group of companies. For more information about facial recognition technology, please email Carnival at
dpo@carnival.com
.
11. GUEST’S REIMBURSEMENT FOR FINES, EXPENSES, DEBTS AND DAMAGES
(a) The Guest shall be liable to and shall reimburse Carnival or the Master for any fines or penalties imposed on Carnival by any government, governmental agency or official, port or port official, or for expenses or losses caused or incurred for Guest’s negligent or intentional act or omission or Guest’s failure to observe or comply with local requirements in respect of immigration, border patrol, customs and excise, agriculture, health, environment or any other government regulation whatsoever, including Guest’s failure to board the ship prior to the scheduled departure time at any port, and the Guest shall be liable for any and all losses and fines caused by their actions in regards to illegal dumping or pollution of any kind, including discharge of any item into the ocean and/or waterways. For Guests who embark the Vessel in violation of the ticket contract terms, any/all resulting damages, losses, costs, expenses, credits, refunds and related claims, including without limitation those related to a deviation of the Vessel to disembark such Guests, shall be the sole responsibility of the Guest.
(b) The Guest or Guest’s estate shall be liable to and shall reimburse Carnival for all deviation expenses (including loss of revenue), fines or penalties, damages to the Vessel, its furnishings, operations or equipment, or any property of Carnival caused directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, by any misconduct, willful or negligent act or omission on the part of the Guest or any minors traveling with the Guest, including discharge and release of any unauthorized item overboard, without the express permission of the ship’s staff. The Guest or Guest’s estate shall defend and indemnify Carnival and the Vessel, their servants and agents against liability which Carnival or the Vessel or such servants or agents may incur towards any person, company or Government for any damage to property, personal injury or death caused directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, by any misconduct, willful or negligent act or omission on the part of the Guest or minors traveling with Guest.
(c) Carnival and the Vessel shall have a lien upon all baggage, money and other property whatsoever accompanying the Guest and the right to sell the same by public auction or otherwise for all sums whatsoever due from the Guest under this Contract and for the costs and expenses of enforcing such lien and such sale.
12. INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS, SHORE EXCURSIONS, AND OTHER SERVICES
(a) Guest acknowledges that all shore excursions/tours (whether conducted in the water, on land or by air), airline flights and ground transportation, as well as the ship’s physician, and on board concessions (including but not limited to, the gift shops, spa, beauty salon, fitness center, golf and art programs, video/snorkel concession) are either operated by or are independent contractors. Guest understands and accepts that Carnival may prohibit Guest from going ashore in any port of call, and/or or limit Guests going ashore to specific activities or excursions authorized by Carnival, for public health-related reasons in its sole discretion. Even though Carnival shall be entitled to collect a fee and earn a profit from the ticketing or sale of such services by such persons or entities, Carnival neither supervises nor controls their actions, nor makes any representation either expressed or implied as to their suitability. Carnival, in arranging for the services called for by the physician or nurse, all on board concessions, all shore excursion/tour tickets, all pre-cruise and post-cruise airline flights or other transportation off of the ship and its water shuttles, does so only as a convenience for the Guest. Guest agrees that Carnival assumes no responsibility, does not guarantee performance and in no event shall be liable for any negligent or intentional acts or omissions, loss, damage, injury, or delay to Guest and/or Guest’s baggage, property or effects in connection with said services. Guests use the services of all independent contractors at the Guest’s sole risk. Independent contractors are entitled to make a proper charge for any service performed with respect to a Guest.
(b) Guest acknowledges that some of the ship’s personnel are employees of independent contractors and not employees of Carnival, and that Carnival is not responsible for their actions. Ship’s personnel that are independent contractors include, but are not limited to; spa employees, masseuses, barbers, hairdressers, manicurists, fitness or golf instructors videographers, art auctioneers, gift shop personnel, shopping guides, wedding planners or other providers of personal services. Guest further acknowledges that although independent contractors or their employees may use signage or clothing which contains the name “Carnival” or other related trade names or logos, the independent contractor status remains unchanged. Independent contractors, their employees and assistants are not agents, servants or employees of Carnival and have no authority to act on behalf of Carnival.
(c) Although Carnival may have contracts, concessionaire agreements, and/or independent contractor agreements with the above-mentioned service providers and contractors. Guest hereby acknowledges and agrees that Guests are not intended third-party beneficiaries of any such contracts and Guests have no right to assert themselves as third party beneficiaries of such contracts or agreements.
13. LIMITATIONS OF CARNIVAL’S LIABILITY
(a) In consideration for the Cruise Fare paid, it is agreed that Carnival shall not be held vicariously liable for the intentional or negligent acts of any persons not employed by Carnival nor for any intentional or negligent acts of Carnival’s employees committed while off duty or outside the course and scope of their employment. Passenger assumes the risk of injury, death, illness or other loss and Carnival is not responsible for the negligence or wrongdoing of any independent contractors or sub-contractors.
(b) In consideration for the Cruise Fare paid, it is agreed that Carnival shall have no liability as a consequence of Guest's use of ship's athletic or recreational equipment or as a consequence of Guest's decision to participate in any athletic or recreational activity or event.
(c) On international cruises which neither embark, disembark nor call at any U.S. port and where the Guest commences the cruise by embarkation or disembarks at the end of the Cruise in a port of a European Member State, Carnival shall be entitled to any and all liability limitations and immunities for loss of or damage to luggage, death and/or personal injury as provided under EU Regulation 392/2009 on the liability of carriers to passengers in the event of accidents. On International cruises that do not embark or disembark in either a port in a European Member State or a US port, and which do not call at any U.S. port, Carnival shall be entitled to any and all liability limitations and immunities for loss of or damage to luggage, death and/or personal injury as provided in the Athens Convention Relating to the Carriage of Passengers and their Luggage by Sea, 1974 and the Protocol of 2002 to the Convention (together, the “Athens Convention).  Unless the loss or damage was caused by a shipping incident, which is defined as a shipwreck, capsizing, collision or stranding of the ship, explosion or fire in the ship, or defect in the ship (as defined by the Regulation), Carnival’s liability is limited to no more than 400,000 Special Drawing Rights (“SDR”) (approximately U.S. $608,000, which fluctuates depending on the daily exchange rate as published in the Wall Street Journal) if the passenger proves that the incident was a result of Carnival’s fault or neglect. If the loss or damage was caused by a shipping incident, Carnival’s liability is limited to no more than 250,000 SDRs (approximately U.S. $380,000, which fluctuates depending on the daily exchange rate as published in the Wall Street Journal). Compensation for loss caused by a shipping incident can increase to a maximum of 400,000 SDRs unless Carnival proves that the shipping incident occurred without Carnival’s fault or neglect. Shipping incidents do not include acts of war, hostilities, civil war, insurrection, natural disasters, or intentional acts or omissions of third parties.  In cases where the loss or damage was caused in connection with war or terrorism, Carnival’s liability for any personal injury or death (whether occurring during a shipping incident or a non-shipping incident) is limited to the lower of 250,000 SDRs per passenger or 340 million SDRs per ship per incident. Punitive damages are not recoverable for cruises covered by EU Regulation 392/2009. For more information on the EU Regulation 392/2009, please see the
Official Journal of the European Union EU Regulation 392/2009 PDF
.
In addition, Guests embarking a cruise in a European Member State port are afforded rights under EU Regulation 1177/2010. For additional information on EU Regulation 392/2009 and EU Regulation 1177/2010, please visit Carnival’s
EU Regulation 392/2009 PDF
and
EU Regulation 1177/2010
                    PDF
(opens a new window)
.
(d) Carnival shall not be liable to the passenger for damages for emotional distress, mental suffering/anguish or psychological injury of any kind under any circumstances, except when such damages were caused by the negligence of Carnival and resulted from the same passenger sustaining actual physical injury, or having been at risk of actual physical injury, or when such damages are held to be intentionally inflicted by Carnival.
(e) In addition to all the restrictions and exemptions from liability provided in this Contract, including under Clause 13(c) for cruises that embark or disembark in a port of a European Member State, on all cruises Carnival shall also have the benefit of all statutes of the United States of America providing for limitation and exoneration from liability and the procedures provide thereby, including but not limited Title 46 of the United States Code sections 30501 through 30509, and 30511. Nothing in this Contract is intended to nor shall it operate to limit or deprive Carnival or any such statutory limitation of or exoneration from liability under any applicable laws.
14. TIME LIMITS FOR CLAIMS, JURISDICTION, VENUE, ARBITRATION AND GOVERNING LAW
(a) Carnival shall not be liable for any claims whatsoever for personal injury, illness or death of the Guest, unless full particulars in writing are given to Carnival within 185 days after the date of the injury, event, illness or death giving rise to the claim. Suit to recover on any such claim shall not be maintainable unless filed within one year after the date of the injury, event, illness or death, and unless served on Carnival within 120 days after filing. Guest expressly waives all other potentially applicable state or federal limitations periods.
(b) Carnival shall not be liable for any claims whatsoever, other than for personal injury, illness or death of the Guest, unless full particulars in writing are given to Carnival within 30 days after the Guest is landed from the Vessel or in the case the Voyage is abandoned, within 30 days thereafter. Legal proceedings to recover on any claim whatsoever other than for personal injury, illness or death shall not be maintainable unless commenced within six months after the date Guest is landed from the Vessel or in the case the Voyage is abandoned, within six months thereafter, and unless served upon Carnival within 120 days after commencement. Guest expressly waives all other potentially applicable state or federal limitation periods for claims which include, but are not limited to, allegations concerning any and all civil rights, the Americans With Disabilities Act (ADA), trade practices and/or advertising.
(c) Except as provided in Clauses 14 (d) and 14(e) below, it is agreed by and between the Guest and Carnival that all disputes and matters whatsoever arising under, in connection with or incident to this Contract or the Guest’s cruise, including travel to and from the Vessel, shall be litigated, if at all, before the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida in Miami, or as to those lawsuits to which the Federal Courts of the United States lack subject matter jurisdiction, before a court located in Miami-Dade County, Florida, U.S.A. to the exclusion of the Courts of any other county, state or country. Guest hereby consents to such exclusive jurisdiction and waives any jurisdictional, venue or other objection that may be available. In the event that a matter is brought in the Federal Courts of the United States and no diversity jurisdiction exists, then the matter must proceed under the Court’s admiralty jurisdiction and Guest may not be allowed a trial by jury. If a matter proceeds under the Court’s admiralty jurisdiction, then Carnival consents to a trial by jury pursuant to Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 39(c).  Guest acknowledges and understands that a Federal Court presiding over the matter under admiralty jurisdiction may not grant a trial by jury despite Carnival and Guest’s request for a trial by jury, and in such event, Guest knowingly and voluntarily waives a trial by jury.
(d) Any and all disputes, claims, or controversies whatsoever, other than for personal injury, illness or death of a Guest (whether brought in personam or in rem or based on contract, tort, statutory, constitutional or other legal rights, including but not limited to alleged violation of civil rights, discrimination, consumer or privacy laws, or for any losses, damages or expenses, relating to or in any way arising out of or connected with this Contract, the booking of the cruise, including but not limited to the booking of Carnival Vacation Protection products, shore excursions, and land and hotel packages, or Guest’s cruise, no matter how described, pleaded or styled, between the Guest and Carnival) in which Guest or any other claimant asserts damages for less than $8,000 (excluding attorney fees, costs, and interest, which are not included to determine the amount at issue) must be litigated if at all before a small claims court located in Miami-Dade County, Florida, U.S.A. to the exclusion of the courts of any other county, state or country.  Guest hereby consents to such exclusive jurisdiction and waives any jurisdictional, venue or other objection that may be otherwise available.
(e) Any and all disputes, claims, or controversies whatsoever, other than for personal injury, illness or death of a Guest (whether brought in personam or in rem or based on contract, tort, statutory, constitutional or other legal rights, including but not limited to alleged violation of civil rights, discrimination, consumer or privacy laws, or for any losses, damages or expenses, relating to or in any way arising out of or connected with this Contract, the booking of the cruise, including but not limited to the booking of Carnival Vacation Protection products, shore excursions, and land and hotel packages, or Guest’s cruise, no matter how described, pleaded or styled, between the Guest and Carnival) in which Guest or any other claimant asserts damages for more than $8,000.00 (excluding attorney fees, costs, and interest, which are not included to determine the amount at issue) shall be referred to and resolved exclusively by binding arbitration pursuant to the United Nations Convention on the Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral Awards (New York 1958), 21 U.S.T. 2517, 330 U.N.T.S. 3, 1970 U.S.T. LEXIS 115, 9 U.S.C. §§ 202-208 (“the Convention”) and the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. §§ 1, et seq., (“FAA”) solely in Miami-Dade County, Florida, U.S.A. to the exclusion of any other forum.  Guest hereby consents to such exclusive jurisdiction and waives any jurisdictional, venue or other objection that may be available to any such arbitration proceeding in Miami-Dade, Florida. The arbitration shall be administered by National Arbitration and Mediation (“NAM”) under its Comprehensive Dispute Resolution Rules and Procedures and the fee schedule in effect at the time of initiating the proceeding with NAM, which are deemed to be incorporated herein by reference.  Each party shall bear their own costs and fees associated with any such filing. If you have a question about the arbitration process or to obtain a current copy of the Comprehensive Dispute Resolution Rules and Procedures and/or fee schedule, you can contact NAM at:  National Arbitration and Mediation, attention Claims Department, 990 Stewart Street, First Floor, Garden City, NY 11530, telephone number (800) 358-2550.
NEITHER PARTY WILL HAVE THE RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL OR TO ENGAGE IN PRE-ARBITRATION DISCOVERY EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THE APPLICABLE ARBITRATION RULES AND HEREIN, OR OTHERWISE TO LITIGATE THE CLAIM IN ANY COURT. THE ARBITRATOR’S DECISION WILL BE FINAL AND BINDING. OTHER RIGHTS THAT GUEST OR CARNIVAL WOULD HAVE IN COURT ALSO MAY NOT BE AVAILABLE IN ARBITRATION. An award rendered by an arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction under the Convention or FAA. Carnival and Guest further agree to permit the taking of a deposition under oath of the Guest asserting the claim, or for whose benefit the claim is asserted, in any such arbitration.  In the event this provision is deemed unenforceable by an arbitrator or court of competent jurisdiction for any reason, then and only then the provisions of Clause 14 (c) above governing venue and jurisdiction shall exclusively apply to any lawsuit involving claims described in this Clause.
(f) Except as expressly provided in Clause 13 (c), any and all disputes whatsoever arising out of or relating to this Contract or Guest’s Cruise as well as the interpretation, applicability and enforcement of this Contract shall be governed exclusively by the general federal maritime law of the United States, without regard to choice of law rules, which replaces, supersedes and preempts any provision of law of any other state or nation, however, the terms of this Contract do not displace non-excludable consumer laws applicable in jurisdictions outside the United States.
15. CLASS ACTION WAIVER
THIS CONTRACT PROVIDES FOR THE EXCLUSIVE RESOLUTION OF DISPUTES THROUGH INDIVIDUAL LEGAL ACTION AND SUPERSEDES ANY LAW ENTITLING GUEST TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION. THIS CLASS ACTION WAIVER PRECLUDES GUEST FROM PARTICIPATING IN OR BEING REPRESENTED IN ANY CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION REGARDING ANY CLAIM BROUGHT UNDER THIS TICKET CONTRACT OR IN CONNECTION WITH GUEST’S CRUISE. EVEN IF APPLICABLE LAW PROVIDES OTHERWISE, GUEST AGREES THAT ANY ARBITRATION OR LAWSUIT AGAINST CARRIER WHATSOEVER SHALL BE LITIGATED BY GUEST INDIVIDUALLY AND NOT AS A MEMBER OF ANY CLASS OR AS PART OF A CLASS ACTION. GUEST EXPRESSLY AGREES TO WAIVE AUTHORITY TO ARBITRATE CLAIMS ON A CLASS ACTION BASIS. IF GUEST’S CLAIM IS SUBJECT TO ARBITRATION UNDER CLAUSE 14(d) ABOVE, THE GUEST FURTHER AGREES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE CLASS ACTION WAIVER IS MATERIAL AND ESSENTIAL TO THE ARBITRATION OF ANY DISPUTES BETWEEN THE PARTIES AND IS NON-SEVERABLE FROM THE AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE CLAIMS. THE VALIDITY AND EFFECT OF THIS CLASS ACTION WAIVER MAY BE DETERMINED ONLY BY A JUDGE OR COURT OF LAW AND NOT BY AN ARBITRATOR. GUEST AGREES THAT THIS SECTION SHALL NOT BE SEVERABLE UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES FROM THE ARBITRATION CLAUSE SET FORTH IN SECTION 14 (d) ABOVE, AND IF FOR ANY REASON THIS CLASS ACTION WAIVER IS UNENFORCEABLE AS TO ANY PARTICULAR CLAIM, THEN AND ONLY THEN SUCH CLAIM SHALL NOT BE SUBJECT TO ARBITRATION. GUEST AGREES THAT CARNIVAL CAN RECEIVE IMMEDIATE JUDICIAL ASSISTANCE TO ENFORCE THIS CLASS ACTION WAIVER.
*This provision does not apply to Australian passengers or affect applicable rights under Australian consumer laws.
16. CARNIVAL’S USE OF GUEST’S LIKENESS
Each Guest grants Carnival and/or its promotional partners the exclusive right to include photographic, video and other visual portrayals of Guest in any medium of any nature whatsoever for any purpose including without limitation trade, advertising, sales, publicity or otherwise, without compensation to Guest, and all rights, title and interest therein (including all worldwide copyrights therein) shall be Carnival’s sole property, free from any claims by Guest or any person deriving any rights or interest from Guest. Each Guest understands and agrees that professional onboard photographers may photograph Guest, and that those photos may be processed, displayed and sold to Guests and others. For additional information regarding Carnival’s use of Guest’s likeness including use of facial recognition technology please refer to Clause 10(g) above.
17. GUEST’S USE OF PHOTOS, VIDEOS OR RECORDINGS PROHIBITED
Guest hereby expressly agrees that he/she will not utilize any tape recording, video, or photograph(s) of himself/herself, any other Guest, crew, or third party on board the Vessel, or depicting the Vessel, its design, equipment, or any part thereof whatsoever, for any commercial purpose or in any media broadcast, or for any other non-private use, without the express written consent of Carnival.  For the privacy of our guests and crew, Guest expressly agrees not to record or video interactions with other guests or crew without their express permission, and Guest further agrees that any use of video, photographic or recording equipment, including cell phones, in the medical center is expressly prohibited. Guest acknowledges that by boarding the Vessel, at any time, Guest irrevocably agrees to this provision, which is a condition precedent to being permitted on board the Vessel and can be enforced by any legal means, including, but not limited to, injunctive relief.
18. GUEST’S OBLIGATIONS FOR EXPENSES OR IF CONFINED, DENIED BOARDING OR DISEMBARKED
(a) Guest agrees if Carnival incurs any expense or sustains any damage as delineated in but not limited to Sections 2, 4, 5, 6, 9, 11 and this Clause, that Carnival may charge Guest’s onboard charge account for any expense incurred or damage sustained except as expressly set forth herein or as provided by law.
(b) If Guest is denied boarding, confined to a stateroom, or disembarked from the Vessel pursuant to any provision of this contract, including but not limited to Clauses 2, 4, 5, 6, 9, and 11, Guest agrees, except as expressly set forth herein or as provided by law:
i. Carnival will not be liable for any refund of and portion of the Total Cruise Price other compensation or any damages;
ii. Disembarkation and repatriation to the embarkation port or any other destination will be at Guest’s sole expense; and,
iii. To indemnify Carnival and that Carnival may charge Guest’s on-board charge account for any and all expenses incurred by Carnival in relation to Guest’s disembarkation and/or repatriation.
IMPORTANT TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NON-CRUISE PORTIONS OF VACATION PACKAGES PLEASE READ CAREFULLY
19.
Please see above for the applicable terms and conditions for the cruise portion of Guest’s vacations.  For avoidance of doubt, and unless specifically contradicted in Clauses 19 through 29, the above terms and conditions, including the terms and conditions in Clauses 12 through 15, which contain important limitations on the rights of guests to assert claims against Carnival , the Vessel, their agents and employees, and others, including forum selection, choice of law, time limitations for filing suit, arbitration, and waiver of jury trial for certain claims, cover Carrier’s Carnival vacation protection products, shore excursions, and  land and hotel packages. The terms and conditions in this paragraph apply only to Carnival’s responsibilities for non-cruise portions of vacation packages. Other terms and conditions with respect to air travel, hotel and other non-cruise activities may be applied by the entities providing those services.
20.
The payment of the required deposit or any partial or full payment for reservation of a land package before or after the cruise shall constitute acceptance and consent to all of the terms and conditions of this Contract and the General Information and Vacation Package Conditions and Restrictions contained on the website for such vacation package and/or the brochures and circulars of the suppliers. These provisions are hereby incorporated by reference in this Contract and vacation package Guests (hereinafter referred to as Guests) are advised to take note of them.
21.
For purposes of this paragraph “CARNIVAL” refers to Carnival Cruise Line, its affiliates, subsidiary companies, agents, servants, and employees. CARNIVAL is the principal tour operator and its responsibility to Guests is limited to the arrangement of all tours and accommodations offered in these vacation packages. CARNIVAL shall not be responsible for personal injuries, death, or property damage, economic loss, inconvenience or delay, consequential damages, or change of itinerary or accommodations incurred by any person or Guest which may occur due to acts or omissions or tortious conduct on the part of any direct or supplemental air carrier, hotel or other suppliers of arrangements and services or other independent contractors, their employees, agents or others not under the direct control of CARNIVAL.
22.
CARNIVAL reserves the right to decline to accept or to reject any person as a Guest, at any time, or to cancel a vacation package due to circumstances beyond the control of CARNIVAL.
23.
CARNIVAL reserves the right to substitute hotels for other hotels in a similar category, to substitute air carriers, and to change schedules without prior notice should circumstances so require.
24.
If a change in the itinerary is needed due to factors or conditions beyond CARNIVAL'S control, no refund or credit will be made, however, CARNIVAL will make an effort to provide accommodations and services of a comparable quality and standard as set forth on the website. Any such change shall not modify the cancellation provisions on the website.  No credit will be allowed, or refund given for any services provided on the website should any such services not be utilized by Participants.
25.
CARNIVAL makes no representations or warranties, implied or otherwise, in regard to the reliability of suppliers or independent contractors, nor does it assume a duty of safety or responsibility for the independent acts of suppliers, independent contractors, their employees or agents.
26.
Vacation packages are non-transferable. Fares shall be deemed to be earned when paid and non-refundable unless otherwise expressly stated in the cancellation provisions on the website.
27.
CARNIVAL shall not be liable for any claims whatsoever other than for personal injury, illness or death, of the Guest unless full particulars thereof in writing are given to CARNIVAL within 30 days after the Guest shall complete the packages, or in the case that the tour is abandoned, within 30 days thereafter. Suit to recover any claim shall not be maintainable in any event unless commenced within six months after the date of the loss.
28.
CARNIVAL shall not be liable for any claims whatsoever for personal injury, or illness or death of the Guest unless full particulars in writing are given to Carnival within 185 days after the date of the injury, event, illness, or death giving rise to the claim. Suit to recover on any such claim shall not be maintainable unless filed within one year after the date of the injury, event, illness or death, and unless served on Carnival within 120 days after filing.
29.
It is agreed by Guest and CARNIVAL that all disputes between Guest and CARNIVAL arising under or in connection with a vacation package shall be litigated, if at all, in and before the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida in Miami-Dade County, Florida, U.S.A., to the exclusion of the courts of any other state or county.
IMPORTANT ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CARNIVAL’S AIR PROGRAMS
30.
Arrangements by CARNIVAL: If you are participating in our FLY2FUN program, or FLY2FUN and Tour package, Carnival will arrange for air transportation from the select home cities offered to an airport near the departure point of your Cruise or Cruise tour and return air transportation from an airport near the termination point of your Cruise or Cruise tour to the home city from which you departed. Please refer to Carnival’s web page for additional information on our FLY2FUN program and destinations. Carnival reserves the right to add or withdraw an air city at any time but will attempt to accommodate those Guests under deposit or final payment. Air bookings are not guaranteed and are subject to air carrier’s availability and restrictions. Guest who purchased the FLY2FUN program will be responsible for securing their own hotel accommodations and will be responsible for hotel, taxes, porterage and transportation between the hotel and the airport/pier.
31.
Schedule Changes/Air Delays: Carnival strives to accommodate each Guest on flights that will ensure timely arrival and boarding of your ship. In the event that weather conditions or other flight changes delay the Guest’s arrival to the ship, Carnival, at its own expense, will make alternate flight, hotel and/or ground transportation arrangements to get the Guest to the port of embarkation in time to board the ship or to the first port of call, without violating the Jones Act. If no viable options are available to join the ship, Guest will be given a Future Cruise Credit to apply towards a future cruise. Carnival reserves the right to change or alter, without notice, flight arrangements in order to meet our ship departure and/or arrival times. Guest will be notified of flight re-accommodations.  If tickets have already been issued, Carnival will adjust your itinerary or air carrier accordingly and will notify Guests of any price adjustments that may be necessary.  If you choose to cancel your flight arrangements or alter your airline schedule in any way once your tickets have been issued you will be responsible for any additional cost or fees resulting from the cancellation or change, which can total up to the full cost of the ticket. If you request Carnival’s assistance with a change in airline arrangements, within 60 days of departure and you purchased FLY2FUN Flexible Fare program, a service fee of $200 USD, or its equivalent in foreign currency, will be levied in addition to any charges imposed by the airlines. If you purchased the FLY2FUN Restricted Fare program and you chose to make a change, all airline-imposed change fees will be levied regardless of when the change is made. If your flights are delayed, refer to
the Fly2Fun Page
(opens a
            new window)
.
32.
Refunds/Seat Assignments/Special Services/Fares/Lost Tickets/Baggage Charges:  Failure to use your FLY2FUN airline ticket/s results in a waiver of its value and any compensation; unused airline tickets are only refundable to Carnival.  Please note that because of changing airline tariffs, your actual air ticket may reflect fares higher or lower than the air add-on or cruise only credit amounts originally quoted. If so, the difference is neither chargeable nor refundable to you; you will be charged the amount originally quoted.  Carnival reserves the right to pass on to the Guest any cancellation or change penalties, which may total up to the amount originally quoted. It is your sole responsibility to re-confirm flight arrangements, within 48 hours of flight departure. Please note that although Carnival Cruise Line can pass requests for seat assignments, special meals and special assistance to the airlines, we cannot guarantee that such requests will be honored. For the best travel experience, we recommend that Guests or their travel agents contact the airlines directly to confirm these requests. Carnival is not responsible for airline schedule changes. Guests are responsible for luggage fees, excess luggage charges as well as any other charges imposed by airlines or airports. For additional information on airline’s baggage charges and fees please refer to
Airline Baggage FAQs
        page
(opens a new window)
, reference against the Travel Information page you received along with your cabin confirmation or the Travel Information page in your cruise document accessed through Manage My Cruise.
33.
Liability and Relationship with Airlines:  If Carnival is unable to arrange for air transportation for any cause beyond Carnival’s control, such as airline capacity controls, air transportation arranged is no longer available, or otherwise fails to materialize, Carnival’s sole liability will be limited to refunding the air add-on paid or cruise only credit. Carnival acts as an independent travel agent, and it is not affiliated with the airline carriers. Carnival books air as a convenience for the Guests. Carnival assumes no liability for any of the airlines’ acts or omissions, including, without limitation, those involving cancellation of flights, schedule changes, re-routings, damage to or delay or loss of baggage, flight delays, equipment failures, accidents, pilot or other staff shortages, overbooking or clerical/system errors. Your rights against the airlines are controlled and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the airline’s ticket and tariffs, and any and all applicable laws and regulations.
IMPORTANT ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR AUTO PAY OPTION
34.
This offer applies only to qualifying cruises, as determined solely by Carnival, where the "Auto Pay" option is made available during the booking process.
35.
This offer is not transferable and may not be combined with other offers.
36.
To be eligible for this offer, Guest must reside in the United States of America and must have a valid credit card associated with their Carnival.com account. Please note that Guests may not be able to use a debit card, PayPal, or ACH from a bank account (e.g., checking or savings account) to make payments under this program. This offer may not be available to every guest and may not be available for all qualifying cruises. In determining eligibility for this offer, Carnival reserves the right to consider, for each transaction, factors including Guest’s payment history and the nature and price of the cruise being reserved. Carnival will not use a credit report to determine eligibility for this offer.
37.
Carnival reserves the right to cancel this offer at any time.
38.
Guest will be charged the full price of the applicable deposit in one initial payment and the remainder in subsequent monthly payments (if the full price, including the Cruise Charges is not evenly divisible, Guest’s final payment amount may be smaller). No interest or finance charges apply to this offer. Any interest, finance charges or fees assessed by the issuer of the payment method to which payments are charged may still apply. Taxes may apply in certain jurisdictions. Each individual payment (both the initial deposit payment and each subsequent monthly payment) will be taxed separately (to the extent required by applicable law) such that total taxes assessed on the Cruise Charges and on taxable Fees under Auto Pay will be the same amount of taxes assessed if the total amount owed on the booking had been paid in full at the time of ticket purchase.
39.
Guest authorizes Carnival to charge each payment to the credit card associated with Guest’s Carnival.com account that was used to make the initial payment or, if Carnival is unable to complete a charge using such credit card, to any other credit card Guest has on file in Guest’s Carnival.com account. Guest agrees to maintain in their Carnival.com account at least one valid credit card that expires no earlier than 20 days after the last payment due date.
40.
Guest may prepay the full remaining balance of their purchase at any time and may also prepay any portion of the remaining balance. If Guest decides to prepay a portion of the remaining balance, then all remaining payments will be recalculated accordingly.
41.
If Carnival is not able to charge any payment to a credit card on file in Guest’s Carnival.com account, Carnival reserves the right to pursue any remedy available, including the right to cancel Guest’s reservation, as well as all remaining Guests in the same cabin. Guest agrees that Carnival and its affiliates have no liability related to the exercise of these remedies.
INTERNATIONAL CRUISE LINE PASSENGER BILL OF RIGHT
The Members of the Cruise Lines International Association are dedicated to the comfort and care of all passengers
        on oceangoing cruises throughout the world.  To fulfill this commitment, our Members have agreed to adopt
        the following set of passenger rights:
The right to disembark a docked ship if essential provisions such as food, water, restroom facilities and
            access to medical care cannot adequately be provided onboard, subject only to the Master’s concern for
            passenger safety and security and customs and immigration requirements of the port.
The right to a full refund for a trip that is canceled due to mechanical failures, or a partial refund for
            voyages that are terminated early due to those failures.
The right to have available on board ships operating beyond rivers or coastal waters full-time, professional
            emergency medical attention, as needed until shore side medical care becomes available.
The right to timely information updates as to any adjustments in the itinerary of the ship in the event of a
            mechanical failure or emergency, as well as timely updates of the status of efforts to address mechanical
            failures.
The right to a ship crew that is properly trained in emergency and evacuation procedures.
The right to an emergency power source in the case of a main generator failure.
The right to transportation to the ship’s scheduled port of disembarkation or the passenger’s
            home
            city in the event a cruise is terminated early due to mechanical failures.
The right to lodging if disembarkation and an overnight stay in an unscheduled port are required when a
            cruise
            is terminated early due to mechanical failures.
The right to have included on each cruise line’s website a toll-free phone line that can be used for
            questions or information concerning any aspect of shipboard operations.
The right to have this
Cruise Line Passenger Bill of Rights
published on each line’s website.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Please read these terms and conditions prior to using this site.
By using this site, you agree to the following terms and conditions:
OWNERSHIP AND RESTRICTIONS ON USE
This site is owned and operated by CARNIVAL CRUISE LINES ("CARNIVAL"). All materials contained in this site are
        the copyrighted property of CARNIVAL. No material from CARNIVAL.COM or any Web site owned, operated, licensed,
        or controlled by CARNIVAL collectively or any one of which is referred to as "the Carnival Sites" may be copied,
        reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way, except that you may download
        one copy of the materials on any single computer for your personal, non-commercial home use only, provided you
        keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. Modification of the materials or use of the materials
        for any other purpose is a violation of CARNIVAL's copyright and other proprietary rights. For purposes of these
        terms, the use of any such material on any other Web site or computer network environment is expressly
        prohibited. Carnival owns all right, title and interest in and to all trademarks, service marks, and trade names
        included in the Web Site. The Legal Notice section of this page provides additional information about
Carnival’s copyright, trademark and
            other intellectual property rights
.
To the extent the Web Site provides interactive capabilities that allow you to submit information or data on the
        Web Site, you expressly acknowledge you may not upload to, distribute through, or otherwise publish through the
        Carnival Sites any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, threatening, invasive of
        privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable that would constitute or encourage a
        criminal offense, violate the rights of any party, or that would otherwise give rise to liability or violates
        any law.
By uploading or submitting any materials to us, you automatically grant (or warrant that the owner of such
        rights has expressly granted) us a perpetual, royalty-free, irrevocable, non-exclusive right and license to use,
        reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from and distribute such materials or
        incorporate such materials into any form, medium, or technology now known or later developed throughout the
        universe. In addition, you warrant that all so-called "moral rights" in those materials have been waived.
Any personal information you provide to us while registering on CARNIVAL.COM, BOOKCCL.COM or when using
        CARNIVAL.COM will be used by Carnival in accordance with Carnival’s
Privacy
            Notice
. Non-personal information you send or communicate to us, such as questions, comments or
        inquiries, will be not considered personal information and therefore will not be subject to our Privacy Notice.
        Accordingly, Carnival may use any such non-personal information you supply to us, which may include, but is not
        limited to, any inventions, ideas, concepts or know-how, without restriction or liability.
REGISTRATION, PASSWORD AND SECURITY
When you register with CARNIVAL.COM, you will create a login name and a password in completing the registration
        process and will provide us with certain information. It is your responsibility to provide us with true and
        accurate information during the registration process. Carnival will accept your information as it is provided to
        us. We will not verify the truth, accuracy or completeness of your information and we expressly disclaim any
        liability in connection therewith. You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your
        password and account, and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account. It
        is also your sole obligation to immediately notify Carnival of any unauthorized use of your account or any other
        breach of security.
MODIFICATION OF TERMS
Carnival reserves the right to change, modify, add, or remove portions of these terms at any time at our
        discretion. You may check these terms periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Carnival Sites
        subsequent to the revisions of these terms (including the CARNIVAL.COM Privacy Notice and Terms and Conditions
        applicable to Carnival's Internet Booking Application) means you accept those changes.
TERMINATION
These terms are effective until terminated by CARNIVAL, for any reason, with or without notice. Upon
        termination, you must destroy all materials obtained from the Carnival Sites and all copies thereof, whether
        made under the terms of these terms or otherwise.
LINKS
Carnival, at its discretion, may provide links to other web sites or resources or allow third party web sites to
        link to CARNIVAL.COM. Because Carnival has no control over such web sites or resources, you expressly understand
        and agree that Carnival is not responsible in any way or form for the contents, products, advertising,
        materials, services or resources contained on any other web sites and Carnival does not endorse or sponsor any
        third party web sites. Carnival is not responsible or liable, whether directly or indirectly, for any damage,
        loss or claims by or in connection with your use or reliance on any content, products, advertising, materials,
        services or resources available on or through such web sites.
DISCLAIMER
THE MATERIALS IN THIS SITE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. TO
        THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, CARNIVAL DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR
        IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
        PURPOSE. CARNIVAL DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE MATERIALS WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR
        ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THIS SITE OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF
        VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. CARNIVAL DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OR
        THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF THE MATERIALS IN THIS SITE IN TERMS OF THEIR CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, OR
        OTHERWISE. YOU (AND NOT CARNIVAL) ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR, OR CORRECTION.
        APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
        CARNIVAL ADDITIONALLY DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE ACCURACY OF FARES AND PRICES
        (COLLECTIVELY, “FARES”) ADVERTISED ON THE CARNIVAL SITES AND SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR OR OBLIGATED TO HONOR
        ERRONEOUS OR INACCURATE FARES.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE, SHALL CARNIVAL BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL OR
        CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OF, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, THE MATERIALS IN THIS SITE, EVEN IF
        CARNIVAL OR A CARNIVAL AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. APPLICABLE
        LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY OR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE
        LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN NO EVENT SHALL CARNIVAL'S TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL
        DAMAGES, LOSSES, AND CAUSES OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE), OR
        OTHERWISE) EXCEED THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU, IF ANY, FOR ACCESSING THIS SITE.
JURISDICTION
This site is controlled and operated by CARNIVAL from its offices within the State of Florida, United States of
        America. CARNIVAL makes no representation that materials in the site are appropriate or available for use in
        other locations. These terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of
        Florida, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law. You agree that any action at law or in
        equity arising out of or relating to these terms shall be filed only in the state or federal courts located in
        Miami-Dade County and you hereby consent and submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purposes
        of litigating any such action.
SHORE EXCURSION IMPORTANT CONDITIONS
Please read the following information before ordering any shore excursions online. These conditions are binding
        once you purchase any shore excursion provided by independent tour operators through Carnival. The deadline for
        making shore excursion bookings online is 3 days prior to sailing, unless otherwise noted in the shore excursion
        description. All of the shore excursions listed on the carnival.com website may not be available for every
        cruise itinerary.
All excursions are subject to change without notice. Descriptions, departure times, itineraries, pricing and
        locations may be altered and may vary due to unforeseen circumstances. Descriptions and excursion lengths are
        all based on approximate times and predetermined points of interest. Changes may be unavoidable and can be made
        at the tour operator’s sole discretion. Departure times and meeting places will be printed on the shore
        excursion ticket. As a delay may result in a missed excursion or interfere with the excursion’s normal
        operation, guests are required to report to the specified location, at the designated departure time.
You will be required to pay for your shore excursion order in full using our secure online credit card
        processing. You will receive instant online confirmation that your order has been paid in full. Your tickets
        will be delivered to your cabin prior to embarkation.
Shore Excursion Cancellation and Refund Policy
Shore excursions may be cancelled by Carnival or the Tour Operator due to inclement weather conditions, or any
        other reason whatsoever. In which case, and as your sole recourse, full refunds will be made to guests who have
        purchased cancelled excursions.
Excursions may be canceled or modified depending on the number of guests participating. Some excursions require
        a minimum number of guests to operate. If this minimum is not met, excursions may be cancelled by the Tour
        Operator and full refunds will be issued.
For online cancellations that occur outside the cut-off window, 3 days prior to sailing, a full refund will
        automatically be posted to the credit card that was used to pay for the shore excursion order. Please allow 5-7
        business days for the credit to post to your account. No changes can be made within the cut-off window. If you
        need to make changes after the cut-off date, you must wait until sailing and see the Shore Excursion Manager
        onboard. In the event of a cruise booking cancellation within the cut-off window, a full refund will
        automatically be posted to the credit card used to pay for the order.
If the designated contact person on a shore excursion order must cancel from their cruise booking and the
        remaining guests who are sailing would like to retain the shore excursion order, a new contact person needs to
        be assigned. If a designated contact person cancels and does not reassign the responsibility, the associated
        shore excursion orders will automatically cancel and be refunded.
Once onboard, cancellations are subject to a 25% cancellation charge. However, within 24 hours of arrival in
        port, all shore excursion orders are non-refundable. A refund, less any applicable cancellation charges, will be
        applied to the designated contact person’s sail and sign account. Carnival will only offer shipboard
        credit for shore excursion order refunds, but note any credit not utilized by the end of your cruise will be
        refunded via check to the order’s designated contact person on the morning of debarkation.
Guests are encouraged to purchase Carnival’s Cruise Vacation Protection Plan to cover any eligible
        non-refundable shore excursion cancellation charges.
Responsibility
Carnival is not responsible for any losses, damage, death, injuries, or claims whatsoever arising from,
        connected with, or related to any activities engaged in by guests while off Carnival’s ships or water
        shuttles in any port of call. This includes all shore excursions, whether booked online, sold onboard or sold by
        third parties ashore. Guests engage in all such activities off the ship at their own risk.
Carnival acts only as an agent for the independent tour operators supplying excursions or services. Independent
        contractors operate all shore excursions, including any related transportation. Carnival neither supervises nor
        controls their actions, nor makes any representation either expressed or implied as to their suitability.
        Carnival sells tickets for all excursions as a convenience to guests only. Tour operators, transportation
        providers, and their employees are neither agents nor employees of Carnival, notwithstanding their use of any
        signage or clothing which may contain the name “Carnival” or other related trade names or logos. It
        is understood and agreed that Carnival assumes no responsibility for, nor guarantees performance of, and in no
        event shall be liable for, any loss, damage, injury, or death in connection with said excursions or
        transportation. Please review your ticket for further information regarding your rights and obligations as well
        as those of Carnival.
Excursions/Tours & Activities not Sold by Carnival
Carnival recommends that guests do not engage in excursions, tours or activities that are not sold through
        Carnival as Carnival has no familiarity whatsoever with these services or their operations.
Restrictions
Please note that there are certain restrictions based on age, health, weight and/or height, which have been
        imposed by the individual excursion operators for your own safety. Carnival urges you to abide by them.
Tour operators have the right to require any individual to withdraw from an excursion at any time if they deem
        that individual’s conduct detrimental to or incompatible with the interests, comfort, well-being or
        harmony of the group as a whole. Tour operators reserve the right to alter or adjust excursions to meet local
        conditions for participant safety and convenience. Neither Carnival nor local tour operators will extend
        financial reimbursement to compensate for a guest’s disappointment in the event that circumstances beyond
        the reasonable control of Carnival or the tour operator make it impossible to provide services as
        intended.
Helicopter Weight Policy
The Federal Aviation Administration requires guests’ weights and names for weight and balance calculations
        as well as flight manifesting. Any guest whose weight is 250 pounds or more will be required to purchase a seat
        and a half. You must purchase the specific helicopter excursion for guests over 250 pounds or you will be
        refused service. Once onboard you may see the Shore Excursion Manager for assistance.
Pricing
Prices for shore excursions are quoted per person, in U.S. dollars and are subject to change without notice.
        Prices also vary by departure date and time and are capacity controlled. Some restrictions may apply. Most
        prices include transportation and when noted, meals, refreshments, guides and entrance fees. On snorkeling,
        scuba and golf excursions, only the equipment specified is included in the price. Some fishing excursions,
        particularly in Alaska, require the purchase of a fishing license, unless otherwise noted. Please see
Fishing Policies
.
Children three years old or less, who do not occupy a seat, will not be charged and do not require a ticket
        unless noted in the shore excursion description. Children between the ages of 4 to 12 years and teens between
        the ages of 13 to 18 years will be charged full adult price or special child/teen prices, when applicable and
        noted. Guests under 18 years of age must be accompanied by an adult to participate in shore excursions. Some
        excursions require a minimum age to participate and will be noted accordingly.
Fishing Policies
Alaska State law requires a valid one-day fishing license, which may be purchased from your excursion boat
        captain. In addition, during King Salmon season, you are also required to purchase a King Salmon license.
        Children 12 and under are required to wear life jackets at all times while onboard the fishing boat. Children
        must weigh 40 pounds or more to fit the life jacket and participate in the fishing excursion.
Personal Possessions
Neither Carnival, nor the Tour Operators will be responsible for personal possessions. Do not leave your
        possessions unattended at any time, either in the vehicles in which you are traveling or otherwise. Remember
        coats, umbrellas, cameras, handbags, wallets, traveling bags, binoculars, and similar items remain, at all times
        throughout the shore excursion, under the guest’s custody and control.
Transportation
Guests should consider that standards of transportation vary considerably throughout the world. Air-conditioned
        motorcoaches are not available in many areas. In some destinations, local buses are the best available. Guests
        wishing to travel with friends should all leave the ship together, as this will help the shore excursion staff
        allocate sufficient space in the same vehicle.
Please note that motorcoaches and other forms of transportation may require guests to climb 2 to 3 steps. Most,
        but not all motorcoaches, can accommodate collapsible wheelchairs. Staff is not obligated to lift guests into or
        out of vehicles. Transportation via water shuttle may prevent guests in wheelchairs from going ashore at certain
        ports of call. For further information about specific excursions’ transportation accessibility, please
        look for the accessibility advisories online, represented by a blue wheelchair icon or see the Shore Excursion
        Manager onboard.
Required Documentation & Identification
Please note that travel documentation requirements vary by destination and change often. It is the
        responsibility of the guest to provide valid travel and medical history documents required for air travel,
        debarkation at various ports of call and re-entry into the appropriate country of origin.
Your Sail & Sign Card will serve as your identification card when you re-board the ship in a port of call.
        Remember to take it with you whenever you go ashore. You will be required to show it to a Carnival security
        officer in order to re-board the ship.
THE FUN SHOPS ONLINE IMPORTANT CONDITIONS
Please read the following information before ordering anything from The Fun Shops online. All online orders are
        subject to these shopping terms & conditions.
All orders are accepted up to and no later than two days prior to debarkation date. Prices and deadlines are
        subject to change without notice. Holidays and changes in the itineraries may cause shorter deadlines. Some
        products, such as flowers, are time sensitive and must be ordered within a specific time frame prior to sailing
        (varies by ship port). ALL ORDERS MUST BE PREPAID. In the event an item is not available at the time of sailing,
        an item of equal value will be substituted. The Fun Shops Online products may be subject to sales tax depending
        on the location of delivery.
Alcohol Orders
Alcohol orders are not permitted to be taken to any location outside of the approved delivery locations
        specified for those products at checkout. This program is designed for in-cabin entertaining or in-dining
        consumption only. Consumption in public areas is strictly prohibited.
Cruise Cash
Cruise Cash provides an immediate credit to a guest's onboard Sail & Sign account. Although the cruise cash
        cannot be redeemed for cash, the cruise cash is a non-refundable credit that can enhance a guest’s
        cruising experience; the credit can be applied to cover charges to their onboard account, including taxes and
        gratuity charges. The total amount of the Cruise Cash purchased must be used in a single voyage, cannot be
        transferred to any future booking, and any unused credits will be forfeited.
Cruise Cash Bar
Cruise Cash Bar provides an immediate credit to a guest's Sail & Sign onboard account; this credit can be
        applied to cover any bar purchase, including CHEERS, alcoholic drinks, juice, soda, water, and coffee shop
        charges. Cruise Cash Bar is valid for a single voyage and cannot be transferred to future bookings. Cruise Cash
        Bar is non-refundable and any unused credits will be forfeited.
Cruise Cash Photo
Cruise Cash Photo provides an immediate credit to a guest's Sail & Sign onboard account; this credit can be
        applied toward Photo purchases. This credit is good for any photo department charge made to their account
        including photos, camera batteries, cameras, and photo albums. Cruise Cash Photo is valid for a single voyage
        and cannot be transferred to future bookings. Cruise Cash Photo is non-refundable and any unused credits will be
        forfeited.
Build-A-Bear Workshop Cruise Cash
Build-A-Bear Workshop Cruise Cash provides an immediate credit to a guest's onboard Sail & Sign account, which may be applied toward Build-A-Bear Workshop purchases. Charges for Camp Ocean™ and Night Owls™ services may diminish or fully deplete the Build-A-Bear Workshop Cruise Cash credit amount if such charges are made prior to use at Build-A-Bear Workshop at Sea. Build-A-Bear Workshop Cruise Cash is only valid for a single voyage and cannot be transferred to future bookings. Build-A-Bear Workshop Cruise Cash is non-refundable, not redeemable for cash, non-transferrable and any unused credits at the end of the voyage will be forfeited. Build-A-Bear Workshop Cruise Cash is only for onboard use and cannot be redeemed in land-based Build-A-Bear Workshop stores or online.
OTHER
If any provision of these terms shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision
        shall be deemed severable from these terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining
        provisions. This is the entire agreement between us relating to the subject matter herein and shall not be
        modified except in writing, signed by all parties.
MOBILE APPLICATION TERMS & CONDITIONS
Effective Date: May 25, 2018
CARNIVAL MOBILE APPLICATION
INTRODUCTION AND OVERVIEW
PARENTAL CONSENT
1. THE APPLICATION
2. LICENSE GRANT AND USE RESTRICTIONS
3. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
4. NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR THIRD PARTY CONTENT AND SERVICES
5. ACCOUNTS, PROFILES AND SOCIAL FEATURES
6. PURCHASE OF CHAT SUBSCRIPTION
7. TERM AND TERMINATION
8. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
9. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
10. INDEMNIFICATION
11. DISPUTE RESOLUTION BY BINDING ARBITRATION
12. MISCELLANEOUS
Third Party Terms [APPLE, GOOGLE]
If you'd like to review our Privacy Notice for Mobile Apps, please refer to
Carnival's Privacy Notice.
End User License Agreement for CARNIVAL MOBILE APPLICATION
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE, DO NOT CLICK THE
        “ACCEPT” BUTTON OR DOWNLOAD, INSTALL OR USE THE APPLICATION.
Back to top
Introduction and Overview
Please read this end user software license agreement (“License”) carefully before clicking the
        “Accept” button or downloading or using the Carnival Mobile Application (“Application”
        or “App”).  As used herein, “Application” includes, without limitation, any
        services specific to the Application, software code, scripts, interfaces, graphics, displays, text, images,
        artwork, music or video clips, documentation and other components or content and any updates, modifications or
        enhancements to these items accompanying the Application or this License.  These terms are an
        agreement between You and Carnival Cruise Lines (“Carnival,” “us,” and
        “our”) and its affiliates (individually and collectively,
        “Carnival”).  “You,” “Your” and “Licensee” in this
        License refer to You, an individual, and/or to the company or other legal entity on whose behalf You accept
        this License.
TO USE MANY OF THE FEATURES OF THIS APP, YOU MUST BE ON BOARD A CARNIVAL VESSEL.
This Application is licensed to You by Carnival for use strictly in accordance with the terms and conditions of
        this License.
By clicking the “accept” button or downloading or using the Application, You are entering
            into and agreeing to be bound by the terms of this License, the Carnival Terms and Conditions located on the
Terms and Conditions
page, and the Carnival
            Privacy Notice located on the
Privacy Notice page
; each as
            amended from time to time, and which policies are incorporated herein by reference.
If there are
        any inconsistencies between this License and the Carnival Terms and Conditions, this License takes precedence
        with respect to the Application. If at any time after reviewing the Application You wish to terminate this
        License, You must un-install and remove the Application from Your Device, and delete any copy of the Application
        in Your possession.
Your use of the Application also may be governed by terms and conditions required by (i) any applicable third
        party content and service providers, (ii) the manufacturer and other providers of Your Device and its hardware
        and software components, including its operating system, (iii) the online store or other applicable distributor
        through which You obtain the Application, (iv) the applicable wireless service agreement for Your Device, (v)
        any applicable open source or third party software license, and (vi) the terms or conditions governing Your
        personal accounts for web content services You access through the Application ((i) through (vi), including
        without limitation those terms listed in the “Third Party Terms” section of this License,
        collectively being referred to as the “Related Agreements”). No Related Agreement, however, shall
        have the effect of limiting, encumbering or otherwise restricting Carnival’s rights and remedies or Your
        obligations under this License, or waiving any restrictions on Your rights to use the Application under this
        License. This License shall not have the effect of limiting, encumbering or otherwise restricting
        Carnival’s rights and remedies or Your obligations under any Related Agreement between You and Carnival,
        or waiving any restrictions on Your rights under any Related Agreement between You and Carnival. You understand
        and agree that even if You are not the account-holder for Your Device, Your purchase and use of the Application
        is governed by terms and conditions in the applicable service wireless service agreement for Your Device.
If Carnival makes any updates or upgrades to the Application available to You, such updates or upgrades shall be
        subject to the terms and conditions of this License unless the Application is expressly provided to You under
        other, or additional terms and conditions, in which case, those other, or additional terms and conditions (which
        may include the payment of additional fees), shall apply.
Back to top
IF YOU ARE BETWEEN THE AGES OF THIRTEEN (13) AND
            SEVENTEEN (17), YOU MAY USE THIS APPLICATION ONLY WITH THE INVOLVEMENT OF A PARENT OR GUARDIAN WHO AGREES TO
            THESE TERMS AND TO BE RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR USE.
IF YOU ARE UNDER THE AGE OF 13, YOU MAY ONLY USE THIS APPLICATION WITH THE
EXPRESS CONSENT OF YOUR
                PARENT OR LEGAL GUARDIAN
.
Your Parent or Legal Guardian can provide Carnival with their consent in the following ways:
Using a credit card, debit card, or other online payment system that provides notification
            of each separate transaction to the account holder;
Providing consent when granting You authority to make charges to Your parent’s Sail
            & Sign account;
If onboard a Carnival Vessel, providing a copy of a form of government issued ID to Guest
            Services.
Each time You access and/or use the Application (other than to simply read the terms and conditions of this
        License), You agree to be bound by and comply with the terms and conditions of this License, the Carnival Terms
        and Conditions, the Carnival Mobile App Privacy Notice and any other applicable terms and conditions set forth
        in any Related Agreements.
DO NOT USE THIS APPLICATION IF YOU DO NOT AGREE.
The business realities associated with operating the Application are such that, without the conditions that are
        set forth in this License – such as Your grants and waivers of rights, the limitations on our liability,
        and Your indemnity to us – we would not make the Application available to You.
THIS LICENSE IS SUBJECT TO THE ARBITRATION PROVISION INCLUDED IN SECTION 11 OF THIS LICENSE.
Back to top
1. THE APPLICATION:
In order to access the
        Application while aboard Carnival Vessels (“Vessels”), You will need access to the unsecured
        Carnival Wi-Fi Service (“Wi-Fi”). Please review the Terms of Service & Acceptable Use Policy for
        the Carnival Wi-Fi Service onboard prior to accessing Wi-Fi.
The Application allows You to effortlessly find up-to-date information about Your Carnival cruise:
Before check-in, countdown to Your cruise and share the application with Your friends.
After check-in, when You log in with WiFi, You will be able to access information regarding
            onboard activities, restaurants, menus, open times, entertainment, ports of call, spa
            services, and shopping.
You can also:
Create an online profile. You can choose an avatar from Facebook or Your phone image library
            and whether to make Your profile public or private.
View ship messages and announcements
See what's happening every minute of every day
Save favorite activities to one convenient list
If You purchase the Application Chat function, You can add other cruisers who have also
            purchased the Application Chat function to Your contacts and Chat with them during Your
            cruise.
Voice, data and messaging rates may apply when You use this Application.
1.1 CONSENT TO USE LOCATION INFORMATION
: By using this Application, You agree that Carnival may
        collect and share Your Location Information for such purpose. If You do not want Your Location Information
        collected either do not download/use the Application or You may modify Your Device settings to disable
        collection of Your Location Information.
1.2 CONSENT TO DISCLOSE PERSONAL INFORMATION:
This Application allows You to create a Profile in
        which You can share Your name, Your cruise itinerary, plans, and other information regarding Your cruise. This
        Application also allows You to view some of the Personal Information of the contact that You add to Your
        Profile. In addition, if You elect to purchase the Application Chat function, You can communicate with contacts
        that You add to Your profile. You and the contact with whom You communicate will be able to view past Chats. You
        consent to the display of Your personal information, including without limitation Your name, photo, or other
        information, by the Application.
Back to top
2. LICENSE GRANT AND USE RESTRICTIONS.
2.1 License Grant.
Subject to the restrictions set forth in Section 2.2, Carnival grants You a
        personal, revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right to install and use one copy of the
        Application on a single device owned and controlled by You (“Device”), and to access and use the
        Application on such Device solely for Your personal entertainment use, strictly in accordance with the terms and
        conditions of this License, the Related Agreements, and all applicable local, national, and international laws
        and regulations.  You represent, warrant and agree that You are using the Application solely
        for Your own personal entertainment use and not for redistribution or transfer of any kind.
2.2
Restrictions on Use.
You shall not: (a) decompile, reverse engineer,
        disassemble, attempt to derive the source code of, or decrypt the Application, even for research purposes; (b)
        make any modification, adaptation, improvement, enhancement, translation or derivative work from the
        Application; (c) violate any applicable laws, rules or regulations in connection with Your access or use of the
        Application; (d) remove, alter or obscure any proprietary notice (including any notice of copyright or
        trademark) of Carnival or its collaborators, suppliers or licensors; (e) use the Application in a manner that
        derives revenue directly from such use, or use the Application for any other purpose for which it is not
        designed or intended; (f) install, use or permit the Application to exist on more than one Device at a time or
        on any other mobile device or computer; (g) distribute the Application to multiple Devices; (h) make the
        Application available over a network or other environment permitting access or use by multiple Devices or users
        at the same time; (i) use the Application for creating a product, service or software that is, directly or
        indirectly, competitive with or in any way a substitute for any services, product or software offered by
        Carnival; (j) use the Application to send automated queries to any website or to send any unsolicited commercial
        e-mail; (k) use any proprietary information or interfaces of Carnival or other intellectual property of Carnival
        in the design, development, manufacture, licensing or distribution of any applications, accessories or devices
        for use with the Application; (l) circumvent, disable or tamper with any security-related components or other
        protective measures applicable to the Application or the Device or (m) reproduce, archive, retransmit,
        distribute, disseminate, sell, lease, rent, exchange, modify, broadcast, synchronize, publicly perform, publish,
        publicly display, make available to third parties, transfer or circulate the Application. You agree to abide by
        the rules and policies established from time to time by Carnival. Such rules and policies may include, for
        example, required or automated updates, modifications, and/or reinstallations of the Application and obtaining
        available patches to address security, interoperability or performance issues. These obligations survive
        termination of this License.
Back to top
3. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS.
3.1 Rights to Application.
You acknowledge and agree that the Application, any copies thereof
        (including without limitation any copy that You download, install, or use on Your Device), and all copyrights,
        patents, trademarks, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights associated therewith are, and shall
        remain, the property of Carnival or its collaborators, licensors, or suppliers.  Furthermore, You
        acknowledge and agree that the source and object code of the Application and the format, directories, queries,
        algorithms, structure and organization of the Application are the intellectual property and proprietary and
        confidential information of Carnival and its collaborators, licensors and suppliers. Title to the Application
        shall remain with Carnival. Carnival and its collaborators, licensors, and suppliers reserve the right to
        change, suspend, terminate, remove, impose limits on the use of or access to, disable access to, or require the
        return of the Application (or any copy thereof) at any time without notice and will have no liability for doing
        so. Except as expressly stated in this License, You are not granted any intellectual property rights in or to
        the Application by implication, estoppel or other legal theory, and all rights in and to the Application not
        expressly granted in this License are hereby reserved and retained by Carnival.These obligations survive
        termination of this License.
3.2 Carnival Marks.
Carnival owns all right, title and interest in and to all trademarks,
        service marks, and trade names included in the Application. For additional information about Carnival’s
        copyright, trademark and other intellectual property rights, please visit
Carnival's Legal
            Copyright & Trademark page
. You are not authorized to use the Carnival Marks in any advertising,
        publicity or in any other commercial manner without the prior written consent of Carnival, which may be withheld
        for any or no reason. These obligations survive termination of this License.
3.3 Open Source Software
. The Application may utilize or include third party software that is
        subject to open source license terms (“Open Source Software”). You acknowledge and agree that Your
        right to use such Open Source Software as part of the Application is subject to and governed by the terms and
        conditions of any applicable open source license, including, without limitation, any applicable
        acknowledgements, license terms and disclaimers contained therein (collectively, the “Open Source License
        Terms”). In the event of a conflict between the terms of this License and the Open Source License Terms,
        the Open Source License Terms shall control.
Back to top
4. NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR THIRD PARTY CONTENT AND SERVICES.
4.1 General.
You acknowledge that the Application may permit access to products, services,
        websites, advertisements, promotions, recommendations, advice, information, and materials created and provided
        by advertisers, publishers, content collaborators, marketing agents, vendors and other third parties
        (“Third Party Content and Services”).
4.2 Disclaimer.
You acknowledge that Carnival does not investigate, monitor, represent or
        endorse the Third Party Content and Services (including any third party websites accessed through the
        Application). Furthermore, Your access to and use of the Third Party Content and Services is at Your sole
        discretion and risk, and Carnival shall have no liability to You arising out of or in connection with Your
        access to and use of the Third Party Content and Services. Third parties may collect information
        about You and Your Device if You choose to use Third Party Content and Services.  Carnival and
        its collaborators, suppliers, and licensors are not responsible for third parties’ data collection
        practices.  Carnival encourages You to review the third parties’ privacy policies.
4.3 Third Party Terms of Service.
You acknowledge and agree that Your access to and use of the
        Third Party Content and Services and any correspondence or business dealings between You and any third party
        using the Application are governed by and require Your acceptance of the terms of service of such third party,
        including, without limitation, any terms, privacy policies, conditions, representations, warranties or
        disclaimers contained therein. You assume all risks arising out of or resulting from Your transaction of
        business over the Internet and with any third party, and You agree that Carnival and its collaborators,
        suppliers, and licensors are not responsible or liable for any loss or result of the presence of information
        about or links to such advertisers or service providers. Furthermore, You acknowledge and agree that this
        License does not grant You any license to (i) the Third Party Content and Services; (ii) any products, services,
        processes or technology described in or offered by the Third Party Content and Services; or (iii) any copyright,
        trademark, patent or other intellectual property right in the Third Party Content or Services or any products,
        services, processes or technology described or offered therein. You agree that You will not use Third Party
        Content or Services in a manner that would infringe or violate the rights of any other party, and that Carnival
        and its collaborators, suppliers, and licensors are not in any way responsible for any such use by You.
4.4 Endorsements.
You acknowledge and agree that the provision of access to any Third Party
        Content and Service shall not constitute or imply any endorsement by Carnival of such Third Party Content and
        Services.Carnival reserves the right to restrict or deny access to any Third Party Content and Services
        otherwise accessible through the Application, although Carnival has no obligation to restrict or deny access
        even if requested by You.
4.5 Inaccurate or Inappropriate Materials.
You understand that by accessing and using the Third
        Party Content and Services, You may encounter information, materials and subject matter (i) that are incomplete
        or inaccurate; (ii) that You or others may deem offensive, indecent, or objectionable; (iii) which may or may
        not be identified as having explicit language, and (iv) that automatically and unintentionally appears in search
        results, as a link or reference to objectionable material.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, You agree
        to use the Third Party Content and Services at Your sole risk and that Carnival and its collaborators,
        suppliers, and licensors shall have no liability to You for information, material or subject matter that is
        found to be incomplete, inaccurate, offensive, indecent, or objectionable.
Back to top
5. ACCOUNTS, PROFILES AND SOCIAL FEATURES
5.1 Accounts
. In order to access or use the features on the Service, You must be onboard a
        Vessel. The Application’s practices governing any resulting collection and use of Your personal
        information are disclosed in its Privacy Notice.
IF YOU ARE UNDER THE AGE OF THIRTEEN (13) THEN CARNIVAL
            MUST OBTAIN VERIFIABLE CONSENT FROM YOUR PARENTS BEFORE YOU CAN REGISTER AS A USER, CREATE A PROFILE PAGE,
            SUBMIT PERSONAL INFORMATION TO US, OR OTHERWISE USE THIS APPLICATION. FOR INFORMATION ON THIS PROCESS, SEE
            GUEST SERVICES ON BOARD.
Your username will be your cruise Folio number and Your password will be the month and day of your birth (mm/dd)
        and You agree that: (i) You will not use a username (or e-mail address) that is already being used by someone
        else, may impersonate another person, belongs to another person, violates the intellectual property or other
        right of any person or entity, or is offensive. We may reject the use of any password, username, or e-mail
        address for any other reason in our sole discretion; (ii) You will provide true, accurate, current, and complete
        registration information about Yourself in connection with the registration process and, as permitted, to
        maintain and update it including on Your Profile Page, continuously and promptly to keep it accurate, current,
        and complete; (iii) You are solely responsible for all activities that occur under Your account, password, and
        username – whether or not You authorized the activity; (iv) You are solely responsible for maintaining the
        confidentiality of Your password and for restricting access to Your Device so that others may not access any
        password protected portion of the Application using Your name, username, or password; (v) You will immediately
        notify us of any unauthorized use of Your account, password, or username, or any other breach of security; (vi)
        You will not defame, stalk, bully, abuse, harass, threaten, impersonate or intimidate people or entities and You
        will not post private or confidential information via the App, including, without limitation, Your or any other
        person's credit card information, social security or alternate national identity numbers, non-public phone
        numbers or non-public email addresses; (vii) You will not use the App for any illegal or unauthorized purpose.
        You agree to comply with all laws, rules and regulations (for example, federal, state, local and provincial)
        applicable to Your use of the App and your Content (defined below), including but not limited to, copyright
        laws; (viii) You will not interfere or disrupt the App or servers or networks connected to the App, including by
        transmitting any worms, viruses, spyware, malware or any other code of a destructive or disruptive nature; and
        (ix) You will not sell, transfer, or assign Your account or any account rights.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage (of any kind and under any legal theory) to You or any third party
        arising from Your inability or failure for any reason to comply with any of the foregoing obligations.
If any information that You provide, or if we have reasonable grounds to suspect that any information that You
        provide, is false, inaccurate, outdated, incomplete, or violates any applicable terms or conditions or law, then
        we may suspend or terminate Your account. We also reserve the more general and broad right to terminate Your
        account or suspend or otherwise deny You access to it or its benefits – all in our sole discretion, for
        any reason, and without advance notice or liability.
Back to top
5.2 Profiles
. When You are on board Your Vessel, You can create a Profile. To create a Profile,
        You must be logged in to the Vessel’s Wi-Fi. Click
here
for
        terms and conditions related to the Carnival Wi-Fi Service. You must enter Your cruise Folio number, and the
        month and day of Your birth (
mm/dd
). You may be able to create a nickname and/or choose a profile
        picture. However, if You choose to submit photographs to the Application or include other images of real people,
        then make sure they are of You or of You and someone You know – and only if You have their express
        permission to submit it. EACH MEMBER OF YOUR TRAVELING PARTY MUST CREATE HIS OR HER OWN PROFILE IN ORDER TO
        ACCESS THE APP AND RELATED SERVICES.
Without limiting the foregoing, Profile Pages may not include content that You are attempting to sell through the
        Application, and cannot be used to conduct commercial activities, including, but not limited to, transactions,
        advertising, fundraising, contests or other promotions absent our prior written consent. We may offer You the
        ability to set preferences relating to Your profile or Application activities, but settings may not become
        effective immediately or be error free, and options may change from time-to-time. We assume no responsibility or
        liability for users’ Profile material.
We do not review Profile Pages to determine if they were created by an authorized person or an appropriate party,
        and we are not responsible for any unauthorized Profile Pages that may appear on the Application. If there is
        any dispute as to whether a Profile Page has been created or is being maintained by an authorized representative
        of the individual who is the subject of that Profile Page, then we shall have the sole right, but are not
        obligated, to resolve such dispute as we determine is appropriate in our sole discretion. Such resolution may
        include, without limitation, deleting or disabling access to Profile Pages, or any portion thereof, at any time
        without notice.
Back to top
5.3 Family and Friends
. The Family and Friends feature allows You to plan Your shipboard
        activities with Your Family and Friends and other guests and to Chat with each other with the Chat function.
        Each person must purchase their own subscription for the Carnival Chat function in order to utilize this
        feature. You can add family members and friends to Your contacts. Family and Friends can share itinerary and
        activity information.
To invite Family or Friends who have their own App Profiles, You will need to sign in to the App and send Your
        Family Member or Friend an invitation to their e-mail address. When a Family Member or Friend accepts Your
        information, that person can see Your name or nickname, Your Profile photograph, and Your entire trip itinerary.
        Family and Friends who are on Your reservation will also be able to see Your reservation information.
Your Family Members and/or Friends may also send You an invitation. You acknowledge that by sending and/or
        accepting an invitation to connect on the App, You authorize that Family Member or Friend to plan or modify
        activities for You without notice to You. Carnival is not liable or responsible for the conduct of the family or
        friends You choose to connect with on the App, including in the planning or modification of activities on Your
        behalf, or for a family or friend’s use of any information You choose to share with the family or friend.
If You create a profile for a Family Member or a Friend who does not have his or her own App account, You are not
        creating an App account for that person. Instead, You are providing information about that Family Member or
        Friend in order to add him or her to activities on that person’s behalf. You may remove Family Members or
        Friends from these “Managed Profiles” at any time.
5.4 User Generated Content
. Carnival may allow You to upload certain images, graphics, photos,
        audio and video clips, statements and other content or materials (collectively, "Content") on or through the
        App. You may not post violent, nude, partially nude, discriminatory, unlawful, infringing, hateful, pornographic
        or sexually suggestive photos or other content via the App. You are solely responsible for your conduct and any
        Content that You post on or through the App. Carnival may, but has no obligation to, remove, edit, block, and/or
        monitor Content or accounts containing Content that Carnival determines in its sole discretion violates this
        License.
Carnival does not claim ownership of any Content that You post on or through the App. Instead, you hereby grant
        to Carnival a non-exclusive, perpetual, fully paid and royalty-free, transferable, sub-licensable, worldwide
        license to use publish and distribute the Content that you post on or through the App in all media and types of
        advertising and promotion throughout the world. You represent and warrant that: (i) You own the Content posted
        by You on or through the App or otherwise have the right to grant the rights and licenses set forth in these
        terms; (ii) the posting and use of your Content on or through the App does not violate, misappropriate or
        infringe on the rights of any third party, including, without limitation, privacy rights, publicity rights,
        copyrights, trademark and/or other intellectual property rights; (iii) You agree to pay for all royalties, fees,
        and any other monies owed by reason of Content You post on or through the App; (iv) no advertisement or other
        materials need be submitted to You for further approval and Carnival shall be without liability to You for any
        distortion or illusionary effect resulting from the publication of my biography, picture, and likeness; and (v)
        You have the legal right and capacity to enter into this License in your jurisdiction. Additionally, You
        expressly release Carnival from and against any and all claims which You may have at any time for the
        remuneration, invasion of privacy, rights of publicity, defamation or any cause of action arising out of
        Carnival’s use or any advertisement, marketing device or other publication relating to Carnival’s
        use of your Content.
Back to top
6. PURCHASE OF CHAT SUBSCRIPTION
6.1
The Application Chat function will enable You to communicate (“Chat”) with Your
        Friends and Family while on the Vessel. All Friends and Family who are identified as “travel with,”
        “same cabin” or “same account” on Your Folio will automatically be pre-loaded as
        contacts. In order to Chat with anyone else, You must first add them to Your Profile and they must accept Your
        invitation to Chat. In order to use the Carnival Chat function, You must purchase a subscription. A
        valid/funded/activated sail and sign card is required for purchase. Your Friend and/or Family Member must also
        be subscribed to Carnival Chat. The purchase of a Carnival Chat subscription is a limited, non-exclusive,
        revocable, non-assignable, personal, and non-transferable right to use the Chat function for the duration of
        Your Carnival sailing. Accordingly, Youhave no property, proprietary, intellectual property, ownership, or
        monetary interest in Your Chats, which remain our Content. The right may be immediately suspended or terminated
        for any reason, in our sole discretion, and without advance notice or liability. We may modify usage
        subscriptions and virtual items at our sole discretion, and such modifications may make the usage subscriptions
        or virtual items more or less common, valuable, effective, or functional.
6.2
You may not purchase, sell, barter, or trade any usage subscriptions or virtual items, or
        offer to purchase, sell, or trade any usage subscriptions or virtual items. Any such attempted transfer will be
        null and void.
6.3
If we suspend or terminate any usage subscriptions or virtual items, then You will forfeit
        the suspended or terminated subscription or items, except as may be set forth in any additional terms (such as
        any refund policies that may apply to a subscription service). Likewise, except as may be set forth in any
        additional terms or as required by applicable law, we are not responsible for repairing or replacing same, or
        providing You any credit or refund or any other sum, in the event of our modification of any usage subscriptions
        or virtual item, or for loss or damage due to error, or any other reason.
Back to top
7. TERM AND TERMINATION
This License shall
        be effective until terminated. Carnival may, in its sole and absolute discretion, at any time and for any or no
        reason, suspend or terminate this License and the rights afforded to You hereunder with or without prior notice.
        Furthermore, if You fail to comply with any terms and conditions of this License, then this License and any
        rights afforded to You hereunder shall terminate automatically, without any notice or other action by Carnival
        Upon the termination of this License, You shall cease all use of the Application and uninstall the Application.
        Carnival may, without notice to You, disable the Application. Carnival will not be liable to You or any third
        party for compensation, indemnity, or damages of any sort as a result of terminating this License in accordance
        with its terms, and termination of this License will be without prejudice to any other right or remedy Carnival
        may have, now or in the future. These obligations survive termination of this License.
Back to top
8. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE
        THAT THE APPLICATION, INCLUDING ALL CONTENT CONTAINED THEREIN OR ACCESSED THEREBY, IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS
        IS’ AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS, AND THAT YOUR USE OF OR RELIANCE UPON THE APPLICATION AND ANY
        THIRD PARTY CONTENT AND SERVICES ACCESSED THEREBY IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND DISCRETION. CARNIVAL AND ITS
        COLLABORATORS, SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS HEREBY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND GUARANTIES
        REGARDING THE APPLICATION AND THIRD PARTY CONTENT AND SERVICES, WHETHER ORAL, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, AND
        WHETHER ARISING BY LAW, STATUTE, USAGE OF TRADE, CUSTOM, COURSE OF DEALING OR PERFORMANCE OF THE PARTIES, OR THE
        NATURE OR CONTEXT OF THIS LICENSE, AND INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
        FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. FURTHERMORE, CARNIVAL AND ITS COLLABORATORS, SUPPLIERS
        AND LICENSORS MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT (I) THE APPLICATION OR THIRD PARTY CONTENT AND SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR
        REQUIREMENTS; (II) THE APPLICATION OR THIRD PARTY CONTENT AND SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ACCURATE,
        RELIABLE, TIMELY, SECURE, FREE FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS OR ERROR-FREE; (III) THE QUALITY OF ANY
        PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION OR OTHER MATERIAL ACCESSED OR OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE APPLICATION WILL BE AS
        REPRESENTED OR MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS; OR (IV) ANY ERRORS IN THE APPLICATION OR THIRD PARTY CONTENT AND SERVICES
        WILL BE CORRECTED. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM CARNIVAL OR FROM THE
        APPLICATION SHALL CREATE ANY REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY OR GUARANTY. FURTHERMORE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT CARNIVAL
        AND ITS COLLABORATORS, SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS HAVE NO OBLIGATION TO CORRECT ANY ERRORS OR OTHERWISE SUPPORT OR
        MAINTAIN THE APPLICATION. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE APPLICATION IS NOT INTENDED OR SUITABLE FOR USE IN SITUATIONS
        OR ENVIRONMENTS WHERE THE PERFORMANCE OF, USE OR MISUSE OF, FAILURE OF, OR ERRORS OR INACCURACIES IN THE
        CONTENT, DATA OR INFORMATION PROVIDED BY, THE APPLICATION COULD LEAD TO DEATH, PERSONAL INJURY, OR SEVERE
        PHYSICAL, PROPERTY, OR ENVIRONMENTAL DAMAGE. CARNIVAL AND ITS COLLABORATORS, SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS DO NOT
        WARRANT THAT THE APPLICATION WILL BE COMPATIBLE OR INTEROPERABLE WITH YOUR DEVICE OR ANY OTHER PIECE OF
        HARDWARE, SOFTWARE, EQUIPMENT OR DEVICE INSTALLED ON OR USED IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR DEVICE. FURTHERMORE, YOU
        ACKNOWLEDGE THAT COMPATIBILITY AND INTEROPERABILITY PROBLEMS CAN CAUSE THE PERFORMANCE OF YOUR DEVICE TO
        DIMINISH OR FAIL COMPLETELY, AND MAY RESULT IN PERMANENT DAMAGE TO YOUR DEVICE, LOSS OF THE DATA LOCATED ON YOUR
        DEVICE, AND CORRUPTION OF THE SOFTWARE AND FILES LOCATED ON YOUR DEVICE. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT CARNIVAL
        AND ITS COLLABORATORS, SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS, AND THEIR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS, SHALL HAVE
        NO LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY LOSSES SUFFERED, RESULTING FROM OR ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH COMPATIBILITY OR
        INTEROPERABILITY PROBLEMS. SHOULD THE APPLICATION PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE ENTIRE BURDEN OF ALL NECESSARY
        EXPENSES, SERVICING, REPAIR, OR CORRECTION. THIS SECTION 8 SHALL SURVIVE TERMINATION OF THIS LICENSE.
NOTWITHSTANDING AND WITHOUT WAIVING THE FOREGOING, THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE RELATED AGREEMENTS MAY PROVIDE
        LIMITED REMEDIES TO YOU.
Back to top
9. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
EXCEPT
        TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY LAW, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL CARNIVAL, ITS COLLABORATORS, SUPPLIERS OR
        LICENSORS, NOR THEIR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS, BE LIABLE FOR ACCIDENTS, PROPERTY DAMAGE,
        PERSONAL INJURY, DEATH, OR FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES
        ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SALE OR DISTRIBUTION OF, THE PERFORMANCE OR NON-PERFORMANCE, OR YOUR
        ACCESS OR USE OF OR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE THE APPLICATION AND ANY THIRD PARTY CONTENT AND SERVICES, WHETHER
        OR NOT THE DAMAGES WERE FORESEEABLE AND WHETHER OR NOT SUCH PARTY WAS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
        DAMAGES. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, CARNIVAL’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO YOU (WHETHER
        UNDER CONTRACT, TORT, STATUTE OR OTHERWISE) SHALL NOT EXCEED THE GREATER OF (i) THE INITIAL PURCHASE PRICE PAID
        BY YOU FOR THE APPLICATION, (ii) THE AGGREGATE AMOUNT YOU PAID TO CARNIVAL FOR THE APPLICATION DURING THE ONE
        MONTH PRECEDING THE DATE THAT THE CLAIM ARISES, OR (iii) TWO DOLLARS ($2.00). THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS WILL
        APPLY EVEN IF THE ABOVE STATED REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. THIS SECTION 9 SHALL SURVIVE TERMINATION
        OF THIS LICENSE.
Back to top
10. INDEMNIFICATION
You shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless CARNIVAL and its collaborators, suppliers and licensors, and their
        officers, directors,
        agents and employees (the “Indemnified Parties”) from and against any claim, proceeding, loss,
        damage, fine, penalty, interest and expense (including, without limitation, fees for attorneys and other
        professional advisors) arising out of or in connection with the following: (i) Your access to or use of this
        Application or Third Party Content and Services; (ii) Your breach of this License; (iii) Your violation of law;
        (iv) Your negligence or willful misconduct; or (v) Your violation of the rights of a third party. You will
        promptly notify Carnival in writing of any third-party claim arising out of or in connection with Your access to
        or use of the Application. These obligations survive termination of this License.
Back to top
11. DISPUTE RESOLUTION BY BINDING ARBITRATION
Please read this carefully as it affects your rights.
Summary:
Most customer concerns can be resolved quickly and to the customer's satisfaction by calling our customer service
        department at 1-888-227-6482.
In the unlikely event that Carnival's customer service department is
            unable to resolve a complaint You may have to Your satisfaction (or if Carnival has not been able to resolve
            a dispute it has with You after attempting to do so informally), we each agree to resolve those disputes
            through binding arbitration or small claims court instead of in courts of general jurisdiction.
The
        arbitration will be governed by the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association
        (“AAA”), as modified by this License, and will be administered by the AAA in Miami, Florida.
        Arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court. Arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge
        or jury, allows for more limited discovery than in court, and is subject to very limited review by courts.
        Arbitrators can award the same damages and relief that a court can award.
Any arbitration under this
            License will take place on an individual basis; class arbitrations and class actions are not
            permitted.
Back to top
12. MISCELLANEOUS
The following provisions survive termination of this License:
12.1 Governing Law, Limitation on Actions.
This site is controlled and operated by Carnival from
        its offices within the State of Florida, United States of America. Carnival makes no representation that
        materials in the site are appropriate or available for use in other locations. These terms shall be governed by
        and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida, without giving effect to any principles of
        conflicts of law. You agree that any action at law or in equity arising out of or relating to these terms shall
        be filed only in the state or federal courts located in Miami-Dade County and You hereby consent and submit to
        the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purposes of litigating any such action
12.2 Severability.
If any provision of this License is held to be invalid or unenforceable with
        respect to a party, the remainder of this License, or the application of such provision to persons other than
        those to whom it is held invalid or unenforceable shall not be affected and each remaining provision of this
        License shall be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law.
12.3 Waiver.
Except as provided herein, the failure to exercise a right or require performance
        of an obligation under this License shall not affect a party’s ability to exercise such right or require
        such performance at any time thereafter nor shall the waiver of a breach constitute waiver of any subsequent
        breach.
12.4 Modification or Amendment.
Carnival reserves the right to modify or discontinue,
        temporarily or permanently, at any time and from time to time, the App (or any function or feature of the App or
        any part thereof, including but not limited to rates and charges) with or without notice. You agree that
        Carnival will not be liable to You or to any third party for any such modification, suspension or discontinuance
        of the Service. This License may be updated or changed from time to time, as determined by Carnival in its sole
        discretion. Carnival will provide notice of changes in the License in any manner acceptable by law, including by
        posting them to our onboard website or at such other website as Carnival may designate. Any changes or
        modifications will be effective immediately upon such notice, and You waive any right You may have to receive
        specific notice of such changes or modifications. Your use of the App following updates or a change to this
        License constitutes Your acceptance of those changes; therefore, You should frequently review this license to
        understand the terms and conditions that apply to Your use of the Service. If You do not agree to the revisions,
        You must terminate Your use of the App immediately.
Back to top
12.5 Survival
. Any provisions of this License which by their express language or by their
        context are intended to survive the termination of this License shall survive such termination.
12.6 Third Party Beneficiaries.
Except as explicitly provided in this License or in the Related
        Agreements, nothing contained in this License is intended or shall be construed to confer upon any person (other
        than the parties hereto) any rights, benefits or remedies of any kind or character, or to create any obligations
        or liabilities of a party to any such person.
12.7 No Transfer by You.
You may not rent, lease, lend, sublicense, assign or transfer the
        Application, this License or any of the rights granted hereunder. Any attempted transfer in contravention of
        this provision shall be null and void and of no force or effect. These obligations survive termination of this
        License. Carnival may assign this License without restriction.
12.8 Copyright Complaints.
Carnival respects the intellectual property rights of others. If You
        believe that Your work has been copied and has been posted, stored or transmitted by or through the Application
        in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please submit a notification pursuant to the Digital
        Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) by providing Carnival’s Copyright Agent the following
        written information:
An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner
            of the copyright interest;
A description of the copyrighted work that You claim has been infringed upon;
A specific description of where the material that You claim is infringing is located;
Your address, telephone number, and e-mail address;
A statement by You that You have a good-faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized
            by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
A statement by You, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in Your notice
            is accurate and that You are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright
            owner's behalf.
Carnival’s Copyright Agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement relating to the Application can
        be reached as follows:
Attn: General Counsel
        Carnival Cruise Lines
        3655 NW 87
th
Avenue
        MLGL-815
        Miami, Florida 33178-2428
For more information about Carnival’s copyright protection practices under the DMCA and for information on
        how to contact Carnival’s DMCA agent, please refer to
Carnival's Legal
            Copyright & Trademarks page
.
12.9 Entire Agreement.
This License including the documents incorporated herein by reference
        constitute the entire agreement with respect to the use of the Application licensed hereunder and supersedes all
        prior or contemporaneous understandings regarding such subject matter.
Back to top
THIRD PARTY TERMS. The below Third Party Terms are
        incorporated herein and made part of this License: Apple and Google.
APPLE:
Additional provisions and Usage Rules required by Apple, Inc. (“Apple”) may
        be found at
Apple's Media
            Services Terms and Conditions page
. If Your Device is manufactured by
        Apple or if You obtain the downloadable Application through iTunes, You and Carnival acknowledge and agree that
        Apple and its subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries to this License, and that, upon Your acceptance of the
        terms and conditions of this License, Apple will have the right to enforce this License against You in its
        capacity as a third party beneficiary to the License. APPLE SHALL HAVE NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY CLAIMS MADE BY
        YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY RELATED TO THE APPLICATION OR YOUR USE OR POSSESSION OF THE APPLICATION, INCLUDING, BUT
        NOT LIMITED TO (i) PRODUCT LIABILITY CLAIMS, (ii) ANY CLAIM THAT THE APPLICATION FAILS TO CONFORM TO ANY
        APPLICABLE LEGAL OR REGULATORY REQUIREMENT, (iii) CLAIMS ARISING UNDER CONSUMER PROTECTION OR SIMILAR
        LEGISLATION, OR (iv) ANY CLAIMS, LOSSES, LIABILITIES, DAMAGES, COSTS OR EXPENSES ATTRIBUTABLE TO ANY FAILURE OF
        THE APPLICATION TO CONFORM TO ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. IF YOU HAVE PAID ANY FEE TO APPLE FOR USE OF THE
        APPLICATION, IN THE EVENT OF ANY FAILURE OF THE APPLICATION TO CONFORM TO ANY APPLICABLE WARRANTY, YOU MAY
        NOTIFY APPLE, AND APPLE WILL, AS YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY, REFUND TO YOU THE PURCHASE PRICE PAID, IF ANY,
        FOR THE APPLICATION. APPLE WILL HAVE NO OTHER WARRANTY OBLIGATION WHATSOEVER WITH RESPECT TO THE APPLICATION.
GOOGLE
Additional provisions and Usage Rules required by Google Inc. (“Google”) may
        be found at
Google Play Terms
            of Service page
. If Your Device is manufactured by
        Google or if You obtain the downloadable Application through Google Play, You and Carnival acknowledge and agree
        that Google and its subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries to this License, and that, upon Your acceptance
        of the terms and conditions of this License, Google will have the right to enforce this License against You in
        its capacity as a third party beneficiary to the License.
April 2015
CARNIVAL'S SMS MESSAGE AND ALERT SERVICE AGREEMENT
Your use of Carnival’s text message service (the “Service”) is governed by this SMS Message and
        Alert Service Agreement (“Agreement”) which incorporates the terms of the cruise ticket contract as
        if restated herein. You must be at least 18 years old to use the Service, and if you are under18, your parent or
        legal guardian must have read and agreed to the below terms before subscribing.
Please read the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement carefully. Your use and continued access of the
        Service will constitute your ongoing agreement to this Agreement with its changes and revisions. For purposes of
        this Agreement "you" shall mean the owner or authorized user of the mobile device whose telephone number is
        submitted to subscribe to the Service. You further represent that you are authorized to accept these terms and
        conditions. If you cannot accept this Agreement, do not use the Service. This Agreement may be modified at any
        time without any prior notice. It is your responsibility to regularly check the site to determine if there have
        been changes to this User Agreement and to review such changes. Your failure to abide by this Agreement or any
        other terms or conditions posted anywhere within the Service may result in suspension or termination of your
        access to the Service, without notice, in addition to Carnival's other remedies.
1. The Service
i. Subscription to Booking & Account-Related Text Messages:
As part of the Service, you may subscribe to receive text messages (SMS) about for sailing alerts,
                    or payment
                    reminders, and/or cancellations to your designated mobile phone or wireless ("Device"). Text
                    messages may be
                    sent using an automatic telephone dialing system or prerecorded. Payment reminder and cancellation
                    texts will be
                    limited to five (5) texts before the commencement of your voyage. The number of sailing alerts will
                    depend on
                    the voyage booked but will not exceed ten (10) per voyage. Consent is not required as a condition of
                    purchase.
To subscribe, simply check the box confirming acceptance in the Online Check-in system and provide
                    your Device
                    phone number. You can also subscribe with our contact center over the phone. By subscribing to
                    receive these
                    text messages, you agree to receive booking and account-related text messages from Carnival or its
                    third party
                    service provider to your Device phone number. You represent and warrant that you are the registered
                    owner or
                    authorized user of the Device and phone number provided and that you are authorized to enroll the
                    designated
                    phone number to receive such text messages. You agree and represent that the Device phone number you
                    provide at
                    subscription is accurate and up-to-date. If your Device phone number changes, you must immediately
                    update it as
                    set forth in Section (iii). Standard data and message rates apply. For information on how to
                    unsubscribe, see
                    Section 1(v)(a) below.
ii. Subscription to Personal Vacation Planner (PVP) and Marketing Text
                Messages
As part of the Service, you may subscribe to receive text messages (SMS) for your PVP’s contact
                    information,
                    virtual business card (MMS/vCard), and other sales/marketing information via text message. Text
                    messages may be
                    sent using an automatic telephone dialing system or prerecorded. By subscribing to receive these
                    text messages,
                    you agree to receive marketing messages on a recurring basis from Carnival or its third party
                    service provider
                    to your Device phone number. Consent is not required as a condition of purchase.
To subscribe, contact your Personal Vacation Planner by phone to request a virtual business card
                    then simply
                    reply "yes" to incoming text message communication. You represent and warrant that you are the
                    registered owner
                    or authorized user of the Device and phone number provided and that you are authorized to enroll the
                    designated
                    phone number to receive such text messages. You agree and represent that the Device phone number you
                    provide at
                    subscription is accurate and up-to-date. If your Device phone number changes, you must immediately
                    update it as
                    set forth in Section 1(iii). Standard data and message rates apply. For information on how to
                    unsubscribe, see
                    Section 1(v) (b) below.
For additional information regarding use of personal information you supply or communicate to
                    Carnival or the
                    Service, please see our
Privacy Notice
.
For additional questions, please
Contact Us
.
iii. Functionality; Security; Mobile Use Precautions
This Service is offered on an "as is" and "as available" basis without warranties of any kind,
                    except as
                    otherwise expressly stated. Text messaging service may not be available at all times and in all
                    areas; certain
                    variables could affect delivery of the messages, including but not limited to the functionality of
                    your
                    carrier’s network and text messaging platform, and restrictions set by your carrier to your account.
                    Carnival or
                    its text messaging provider does not guarantee message delivery, timeliness, or that messaging
                    Services, will be
                    available at all times. Carnival is not responsible for messages that are lost or misdirected.
                    Carnival will
                    send you a confirmation text when you have opt in or out to receive text messages.
If you have reason to believe that access to your Device is no longer secure (e.g., loss, theft or
                    unauthorized
                    disclosure or use of your Device used to access the Service), you must promptly change your contact
                    information
                    in Carnival’s online check-in system (for booking and account-related text messages) or by
                    contacting your
                    Personal Vacation Planner (for PVP and marketing text messages).
You are solely responsible for keeping the Service updated with your current phone number. Blocking
                    messages will
                    disable the ability to send or receive text messages. Carnival shall not be liable for information
                    sent to a
                    Device that is associated with your outdated mobile phone number. If you install any software or
                    enable any
                    service that stores information from the Service on any Device or computer, it is your
                    responsibility, prior to
                    transfer of such Device, to remove your information or otherwise disable access to such software or
                    service, in
                    order to prevent unauthorized access to your information or account.
iv. Third Party Charges and Mobile Alerts
A mobile phone or wireless device is required to use the Service. The messaging Service is not
                    available on all
                    rates plans. Your carrier may charge you for each text message sent and received. Higher rates may
                    apply to
                    messages received when travelling internationally. Contact your carrier for text messaging rates and
                    terms
                    applicable to your plan. You are solely responsible for any fees or charges incurred from
                    participating in the
                    Service. Under no circumstances will Carnival, its selected third party service provider, any of its
                    agents or
                    respective corporate affiliates be responsible or liable for any text messaging or wireless service
                    charges
                    incurred by you or a person that had access to your mobile phone or wireless device, or for any
                    overcharge or
                    billing error by or any billing dispute with your participating carrier.
v. How to Unsubscribe from the Service:
a.  Booking & Account-Related Text Messages
You may unsubscribe at any time by texting the keyword "STOP" to 278473. The STOP request
                            includes your agreement
                            that Carnival or its third party service provider may send to your Device a single
                            confirmation message within
                            24 hours of receipt of your STOP message. Unsubscribing from booking and account-related
                            text messages will
not
unsubscribe you from PVP and marketing text messages (if you have
                            previously subscribed to
                            receive those text messages).
b.  Personal Vacation Planner (PVP) and Marketing Text Messages
You may unsubscribe at any time by texting the keyword "STOP" to 38574. The stop request
                            includes your agreement
                            that Carnival or its third party service provider may send to your Device a single
                            confirmation message within
                            the 24 hours of receipt of your STOP message. Unsubscribing from PVP and marketing text
                            messages will
not
unsubscribe you from booking and account-related text messages (if you
                            have previously
                            subscribed to receive those text messages).
vi. Use of the Service
The Service is intended for your personal, noncommercial use only. You are solely responsible for
                    maintaining
                    confidentiality of your contact information and information received on your Device, and for failure
                    to do so.
                    You are solely responsible for all use of the Service by you and anyone you allow access to the
                    Service on your
                    Device.
Top
2. Third Party Service Providers
Carnival reserves the right to hire a third party for the purpose of providing its Service. You acknowledge that
        all third party Service providers are independent contractors, and that Carnival neither supervises nor controls
        their actions, nor makes any representation either express or implied as to their suitability. You agree that
        Carnival assumes no responsibility, does not guarantee performance and in no event shall be liable for any
        negligent or intentional acts or omissions, loss, damage, injury or delay to Guest and/or Guest’s property
        or effects in connection with the Service. Consent to receive messages from Carnival includes consent to receive
        messages transmitted for Carnival by a third party.
3. Intellectual Property
The Service contains material that is owned by Carnival and protected by state, national and international
        copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws. You may not modify, copy, reproduce, republish,
        upload, post, transmit or distribute in any way any material, including code and software, from the Service.
You agree not to disrupt, overwhelm, attack, modify or interfere with the Service or its associated software,
        hardware and/or servers in any way, and you agree not to impede or interfere with others' use of the Service.
        You further agree not to alter or tamper with any information or materials on or associated with the Service.
4. Indemnification
You agree to indemnify Carnival and its affiliates, employees, agents, representatives and third party Service
        Providers, and to defend and hold each of them harmless, from any and all claims and liabilities (including
        attorneys fees) which may arise from your conduct, from your unauthorized use of material obtained through the
        Service, or from your breach of this Agreement, or from any such acts through your use of the Service.
5.  Disclaimer Of Warranty And Limitation Of Liability
You acknowledge that you are using the service at your own risk. The Service is provided “as is,” and
        Carnival, its affiliates and its third party Service providers:
expressly disclaim any and all warranties, express and
            implied, including but not limited to any warranties of accuracy, reliability, title,
            merchantability, non-infringement, fitness for a particular purpose or any other warranty,
            condition, guarantee or representation, whether oral, in writing or in electronic form,
            including but not limited to the accuracy or completeness of any information contained therein
            or provided by the Service.
do not represent or warrant that access to the Service
            will be uninterrupted or that there will be no failures, errors or omissions or loss of
            transmitted information, or that no viruses will be transmitted on the Service.
undertake no responsibility for damages caused by the
            inclusion of erroneous, incomplete or outdated information in itineraries.
shall not be liable to your or any third parties for
            any direct, indirect, special, consequential or punitive damages allegedly sustained arising out
            of this agreement, including but not limited to: the providing of services hereunder, the
            delivery or non-delivery of information, your access to or inability to access the Service,
            including for viruses alleged to have been obtained from the Service, your use of or reliance on
            the Service or any of the information, regardless of the type of claim or the nature of the
            cause of action, even if advised of the possibility of such damages.
You hereby agree to release Carnival, its affiliates and third-party service providers and each of their
        respective directors, officers, employees, and agents from claims, demands and damages (actual and
        consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and
        undisclosed, arising out of or in any way connected with your use of the Service.
6. Termination Or Suspension Of Access To The Service
Carnival has the right to terminate and/or suspend your ability to access the Service or any portion thereof, for
        any or no reason, without notice.
7. General.
This Agreement is governed by the laws of the state of Florida without giving effect to any principles of
        conflicts of law. You agree that any action at law or in equity arising out of or relating to these terms shall
        be filed only in the state or federal courts located in Miami-Dade County and you hereby consent and submit to
        the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purposes of litigating any such action. If any provision of
        these terms shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed
        severable from these terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
        This is the entire agreement between us relating to the subject matter herein. Any delay or failure to enforce
        any term by Carnival shall not be deemed a waiver.  Any cause of action must be brought within ONE YEAR of
        the date the claim arises.
Top
COPYRIGHT & TRADEMARKS
Carnival Cruise Line © 2006 - 2025 Carnival Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
The Carnival brand is one of the most widely recognized in the cruise industry, and the trademarks developed by
        Carnival Cruise Line (“Carnival”) identify the Carnival products and differentiate Carnival’s services from
        those of its competitors.
CARNIVAL, CARNIVAL CRUISE LINE, THE WINGED SHIP FUNNEL DESIGNS, CHOOSE FUN, the Carnival Cruise Line ship names,
        Carnival shipboard and shoreside program and amenity names and all other trademarks, slogans, logos and imagery
        used on this website and in the advertising and promotional material published by Carnival are, whether or not
        registered, owned by Carnival.
Carnival considers its compilation of links to Internet resources, the description of those resources and the
        information contained within Carnival's websites, including but not limited to, the site design, text, graphics,
        photographs, interfaces, and selection and arrangement of same, to be copyright-protected materials. You are not
        authorized to copy, reproduce or modify any portion of Carnival’s websites without prior written
        authorization.
The name of Carnival and its trademarks, service marks, trade names, patents, copyright-protected materials and
        imagery may not be used without prior, specific, written permission from Carnival, except by those travel agents
        who advertise, market and book Carnival cruises in conformity with Carnival’s published Travel Agency Guidelines
        located at GoCCL.com. For all other purposes, whether commercial or personal, the transmission, use, copying or
        modification of the Images, in whole or in part, in any form or by any means, whether electronic, mechanical, by
        photocopy or recording, is strictly prohibited without the prior written consent or licensure of Carnival.
        Unauthorized use of the Imagery and the information contained herein may constitute a violation of applicable
        intellectual property, criminal, civil or privacy laws. In no event may a Carnival trademark be combined with or
        appear as a trademark or logo next to any other business name, word(s) or logo(s) without express written
        authorization from Carnival.
Carnival reserves the right to bring any civil action in Miami, Florida, arising from the improper or
        unauthorized use of this website or any part thereof, including without limitation for infringement of its
        trademarks and other intellectual property.
Carnival makes no warranty, express or implied, with respect to the use of the links provided; does not
        guarantee the accuracy, completeness, usefulness or adequacy of any resources, information, apparatus, product
        or process accessed via this website; and is not responsible for any errors or omissions in the resources or
        information accessed via this Home Page or for the results obtained from the use of such resources or
        information.
If you have reason to believe that any person, company or business has violated Carnival's trademark rights or
        infringed Carnival's copyright-protected materials, please notify the Legal Department at Carnival's Miami,
        Florida offices by e-mail at
cclegaldepartment@carnival.com
.
DMCA & COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT
Carnival will investigate notices of copyright infringement and take appropriate actions under the Digital
        Millennium Copyright Act, Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(2) ("DMCA").
Pursuant to the DMCA, written notification of claimed copyright infringement must be submitted to the following
        designated agent for this website:
Attn: Legal Department at
cclegaldepartment@carnival.com
.
You should include the following information: (1) a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to
        act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; (2) identification of the
        copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed; (3) identification of the material that is claimed to be
        infringing and information reasonably sufficient to permit location of the material; (4) information reasonably
        sufficient to permit us to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an email
        address; (5) a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of
        is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and (6) a statement that the information in the
        notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of
        an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Upon receipt of notices complying with the DMCA, Carnival will act to remove or disable access to any material
        found to be infringing or found to be the subject of infringing activity and will act to remove or disable
        access to any reference or link to material or activity that is found to be infringing. Please note that
        Carnival may request additional information before removing any infringing material. If a dispute develops as to
        the correct owner of the rights in question, Carnival reserves the right to remove the content along with that
        of the alleged infringer pending resolution of the matter.
Cookie Policy
We use cookies, pixel tags and other technologies to collect information you provide as well as information about your interactions with our site to enhance user experience. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. By using this site, you consent to our use of these tracking  tools in accordance with our
Privacy Policy
and you accept our
Terms of Service
.
AGREE
Manage Cookie Settings