TERMS OF SERVICE
1.
INTRODUCTION
Please read these Terms of Service (hereinafter, "
Terms
of Service
"), carefully. The Terms of Service govern the relationship applicable
to the access and the use of the services regarding Basketball Fantasy Manager
NBA between the User (as defined below) and TAPROOM, S.L. (hereinafter, the
"
Game
"). TAPROOM and the User
TAPROOM, S.L. is the owner of the Game, with tax identification
number (NIF) B67961870, with registered offices at
Calle Rosselló i
Porcel 21, 15B - 08016 Barcelona, registered in the Mercantile Register of
Barcelona with the following registration details: volume 48141 Sheet B573649
page 147, and
e-mail address
finance@taproomgames.com
The Game is offered and can be downloaded by the User via
Apple
Store
and
Play
Store
.
2.
SCOPE
AND PREREQUISITES
Accessing
and using the Game confers the status of user(s) (hereinafter, the "
User
"),
and implies acceptance of each one of these Terms of Service.
Before
accessing or using the Game, you must agree to these Terms of Service and
the Privacy Policy. By using or registering for an Account or otherwise
using the Game, you affirm that you are the legal age of majority in your
country of residence. If you are not, your legal guardian must review and agree
to these Terms of Service.
BY INSTALLING,
USING OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING THE GAME, YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF SERVICE. IF
YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF SERVICE, PLEASE DO NOT INSTALL, USE OR
OTHERWISE ACCESS THE GAME. USE OF THE GAME IS VOID WHERE PROHIBITED.
TAPROOM
reserves the right, at its
discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of these Terms of
Service, its Privacy Policy and other relevant
TAPROOM
policies at any time by posting the amended terms on the Game. The User
will be deemed to have accepted such changes by continuing to use the Game. If
at any point the User does not agree to any portion of the then-current version
of our Terms of Service, the
TAPROOM
Privacy Policy
, or any other
TAPROOM
policy,
rules or codes of conduct relating to the use of the Game, your right to use the
Game shall immediately terminate, and you must immediately stop using the Game.
The Game is, as a rule, freely accessible and free of
charge (Free to Play). Subject to User agreement and continuing compliance with
these Terms of Service and any other relevant TAPROOM policies, have a
non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable and limited right
to access and use the Game for his own non-commercial entertainment purposes.
The User agrees not to use the Game for any other purpose.
The following restrictions apply to the use of the Game:
i.
User accept full responsibility for
any unauthorized use of the Game by minors. User is responsible for any use of
credit card or other payment instrument (such as Paypal) by minors.
ii.
User shall not (or attempt to)
purchase, sell, rent or give away the Account, create an Account using a false
identity or information, or on behalf of someone other than itself; User shall
not use the Game if it’s have previously been removed by TAPROOM, or previously
been banned from playing any TAPROOM game.
iii.
User shall not use the Game to
advertise, or solicit, or transmit any commercial advertisements, including
chain letters, junk or spam e-mail or repetitive or misleading messages to
anyone.
However, there may be in-game services for which access is
subject to a fee, (hereinafter referred to as "
In App Purchases
").
Such In App Purchases shall be properly identified. Within the Game, purchases
of different virtual items (hereinafter referred to as "
Virtual Items
")
can be made under the conditions regulated in these Terms of Service.
In
order to use the Game, the User needs to have access to the necessary Internet
connection.
The User undertakes to:
i.
Access and use the Game in good
faith and in accordance with the Terms of Service, the Law, morality, public
order, and the code of conduct set out below (hereinafter "
Code of
Conduct
").
ii.
User must immediately inform TAPROOM
of any event that allows the improper use of the information or unauthorised
access to identifiers and/or passwords, to proceed to their immediate
cancellation.
The User shall be liable in all cases for any damages
caused to TAPROOM and to third parties, and TAPROOM may adopt the technical,
legal and any other measures it deems appropriate to avoid, mitigate or put an
end to the consequences of the prohibited conduct and demand any araising
liabilities.
3.
CODE
OF CONDUCT
The use of the Game is governed by certain rules (Code of
Conduct), which the User must abide by and always comply with when using or
accessing the Game. Any use of the Game in violation of these Code of Conduct
is strictly prohibited, can result in the immediate revocation of your limited
right and may subject the User to liability for violations of law.
a.       Post, submit, upload,
transmit, distribute or disseminate Content that is harmful, abusive, vulgar,
harassing, sexually explicit, sexually provocative, pornographic, defamatory,
libelous, defamatory, obscene, infringing, embarrassing, unwanted, invasive of
another person's right to privacy or publicity (including disclosure of another
player's personal information if that player has not made such information
public on the host's website, if applicable), hateful, racist, homophobic,
bigoted, or otherwise offensive or objectionable;
b.       Making threats or
threatening comments, including (but not limited to) threats directed at
minors, threats against another individual or their family, and other such
comments that, in our opinion, are outside the scope or context of the Game;
c.       Restrict or prevent any
other User from using and enjoying the Game. For
       example, interrupting the flow of chat
room chatter with vulgar, abusive language, repeatedly hitting the return key,
entering excessively large images so that the screen scrolls too quickly to
read them, using excessive shouting (in all caps) to annoy other User,
"spamming" or "flooding" (continuous posting of repetitive
text). These behaviors are expressly prohibited;
d.       Promote, encourage or
otherwise advocate the use of illegal drugs;
e.       Violate the terms of any
other applicable agreement or terms governing access to or use of the Game
(including any end user license, code of conduct or other terms of use/service
or guidelines of any website on which the Game is available);
f.        Use, upload,
transmit, distribute or otherwise make available any Content, including images
or photographs, through the Game that infringes any copyright, trademark,
privacy, publicity, or other proprietary right of any party;
g.       Except as expressly
authorised by TAPROOM, advertise, or offer to sell or purchase any goods or
services for any purpose, unless the Game in which you are playing specifically
permits such messages. Offers to buy or sell Game items, if applicable or
permitted by TAPROOM must be limited to the appropriate forum or channel for
such offers;
h.       Collecting (automated or
otherwise) personal data from other players, or impersonating a false identity
(such as that of a celebrity, website administrator or company representative)
for the purpose of misleading others (including attempting to obtain a user's
password, account or other information);
i.        Use the Game
(including noticeboards and other communication facilities) in any manner other
than for personal communication as an individual user (i.e., sending surveys,
contests, pyramid schemes, chain letters, junk mail, spam, or any duplicative
or unsolicited messages); or
j.        Use the Game to
conduct fraudulent transactions or for any purpose that violates any local,
state, national or foreign law, regulation or treaty.
4.
LICENSE
The User may use the Game for non-commercial entertainment
purposes only. Any use of the Game in violation of these limitations will be
considered a breach of these Terms of Service, and may result in disciplinary
or legal action against the User. The User agrees not to:
a.       Cheating or using,
developing or distributing automation software programs ("bots"),
"macro" software programs or other "cheating utility"
programs or applications that are designed to modify the Game, its content or
the Game experience to the detriment of fair play;
b.       Disrupt, attempt to
disrupt or assist in disrupting (i) any computer used to support the Game or
(ii) any other player's experience;
c.       Upload files that contain
viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, corrupted files or data, or any
other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of the Game or
other Users' devices;
d.       Exploit the Game or any
part thereof for any commercial purpose, or for other purposes not expressly
authorised herein;
e.       Promote or encourage any
illegal activity, including, without limitation, piracy, cracking or
distribution of counterfeit software, or cheats or hacks for the Game;
f.        Reproduce, translate,
reverse engineer, modify, disassemble or decompile, in whole or in part, or
create derivative works of the Game, except to the extent permitted by
applicable law and these Terms of Service.
These rules are not intended to be exhaustive, and TAPROOM
reserves the right to determine
in its sole judgment
when the conduct of a User
violates these Terms of
Service
or is outside of the spirit of the Game and
will take such action as deemed appropriate, including the immediately suspend
or close the infringing Account, at its discretion and without prior notice
excluding the User from the Game, as considered. TAPROOM reserves the right to
amend this Code of Conduct from time to time.
5.
USER’S
CONTENT
The User is
solely responsible for the information that he post on, through or in
connection with the Game and that you provide to others (the "
Content
").
TAPROOM may reject, refuse to post or delete any User Content for any or no
reason, including, but not limited to, User Content that in the sole judgment
of TAPROOM violates these Terms of Service.
You hereby grant
to TAPROOM an irrevocable, perpetual, transferable, fully paid-up,
royalty-free, worldwide license (including the right to sublicense and assign
to third party) and right to copy, reproduce, fix, adapt, modify, create
derivative works from, manufacture, commercialize, publish, distribute, sell,
license, sublicense, transfer, lease, transmit, publicly display, publicly
perform, or provide access to electronically, broadcast, communicate to the public
by telecommunication, display, perform, enter into computer memory, and use and
practice, in any way, all User Content as well as all modified and derivative
works thereof in connection with our provision of the Game, including marketing
and promotions of the Game. You also hereby grant to TAPROOM the right to
authorize others to exercise any of the rights granted to TAPROOM under these
Terms of Service. You further hereby grant to TAPROOM the unconditional,
irrevocable right to use and exploit your name, likeness and any other
information or material included in any User Content and in connection with any
User Content, without any obligation to the User. Except as prohibited by law,
you waive any rights of attribution and/or any moral rights you may have in
your User Content, regardless of whether your User Content is altered or
changed in any manner. TAPROOM does not claim any ownership rights in the User
Content and nothing in these Terms of Service is intended to restrict any
rights that you may have to use and exploit your User Content. TAPROOM has no
obligation to monitor or enforce your intellectual property rights in or to
your User Content.
6.
CREATING
A USER ACCOUNT
A guest account
may be created for the use of the Game and you may also be required to register
an account on the Game (collectively "
Account
"). These
Accounts include, for example, game Accounts and FTB Accounts, as described in
the Privacy Policy.
By entering their details to create
the User Account, the User represents that all the information provided is
true, complete, accurate, exhaustive, and up to date; in the event that TAPROOM
has doubts as to the veracity of the information provided by the User, it may
immediately suspend or close their Account, at its discretion and without prior
notice.
The User shall be responsible for
keeping the access credentials (User and password) secure and confidential,
without allowing third parties to use his/her Account; without obtaining
economic benefits from the use of his/her Account or its disclosure to third
parties. Likewise, any incident related to the security of the Account and/or
password must be communicated to TAPROOM’s Data Protection Officer
dpo@fromtehbenchgames.com.
The User shall keep his information
and contact details up to date. All transactions carried out prior to the
updating of personal data shall be based on the information provided up to that
time. TAPROOM shall not be liable for any costs or damages due to its lack of
authenticity or updating.
TAPROOM shall not be liable for any
damages caused by the improper use by the User of his access credentials or
information supplied to TAPROOM.
7.
IN
APP PURCHASES
Users may purchase certain virtual items ("
Virtual
Items
") in the Game for use within the Game. Virtual currency or real
money may be used to purchase Virtual Items. Virtual Items are intended for
non-commercial use only.
TAPROOM may manage, control, modify or delete the Virtual
Items at any time, with or without prior notice. The transfer of Virtual Items
is prohibited, except where expressly authorised in the Game, as applicable.
Virtual Items have no equivalent value in real world money
and are not a substitute for real world money. Neither TAPROOM nor any other
person or entity is obligated to exchange Virtual Items for anything of value.
TAPROOM is not responsible for the piracy or loss of your Virtual Items.
The price and availability of Virtual Items are subject to
change without notice. All purchases and redemptions of Virtual Items made
through the Game are final and non-refundable. You acknowledge and agree that
the provision of Virtual Items for use in the Game is a process that begins
immediately upon purchase and that you lose your right of cancellation once the
process has begun.
Accordingly, the User agrees that TAPROOM is not obligated
to provide a refund for Virtual Items for any reason. Furthermore, the User
acknowledges that he will not receive money or any other compensation for
unused Virtual Items, regardless of whether the loss of the license under these
Terms of Service was voluntary or involuntary.
If you request the deletion of your personal data as
described in TAPROOM's
Privacy
Policy
, you will definitively lose all your virtual
Items without the right to a refund, as TAPROOM will no longer be able to
associate these virtual Items with you.
TAPROOM WILL NOT BE LIABLE OF PURCHASES MADE BY A MINOR
WITHOUT THE AUTHORISATION OF HIS/HER PARENTS OR GUARDIANS.
8.
PAYMENT
METHODS AND PURCHASE PROCESS
To purchase Virtual Items or access paid services (In App
Purchases) offered in the Game with real money, once the User chooses what he
wants, he will have two payment methods:
-
Payment by credit or debit card, in
which case the Game will redirect the User to our designated licensors or
subcontractors (the payment platform) where the User will provide the payment
information.
TAPROOM will not be responsible for any possible
errors that may arise in this step. In the event of an error in the payment
step, the User must contact with the the Payment Platform.
-
In some cases, the user may use a
stored value card (gift card), Google Wallet, iTunes, mobile payments or other
similar accounts to pay for optional services (In App Purchases), upgrades
and/or Virtual Items. In this case the company that owns such payment methods
will be responsible for any errors.
When the User provides payment information to our
designated licensors or subcontractors, the User represents and warrants that
he is the authorised user of the payment information that is used to pay such
charges. The User agrees to pay all fees and applicable taxes incurred by you
or anyone using an Account registered to you. TAPROOM may revise the pricing
for the Virtual Items offered through the Game at any time.
THE USER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT TAPROOM IS NOT REQUIRED TO
PROVIDE A REFUND FOR ANY REASON, AND THAT THE USER WILL NOT RECEIVE MONEY OR
OTHER COMPENSATION FOR UNUSED VIRTUAL ITEMS WHEN AN ACCOUNT IS CLOSED, WHETHER
SUCH CLOSURE WAS VOLUNTARY OR INVOLUNTARY.
9.
DURATION
AND TERMINATION
The duration of
use of the Game shall be as described below:
a) If you choose
to create an User Account to access the Game, until you cancel or deactivate
your User Account;
b) If you choose
not to create an User Account, until you uninstall the Game from your mobile
phone.
TAPROOM reserves
the right to terminate or suspend any User’s Account at any time for any
reason. Likewise, TAPROOM have the right to suspend any User Account if a
violation of these Terms of Service are detected.
TAPROOM reserves the right to stop offering
and/or supporting the Game or a particular part of the service at any time, at
which point your right to use the Game or a part thereof will be automatically
terminated. In such event, TAPROOM shall not be required to provide refunds,
benefits or other compensation to users in connection with such discontinued
service. Termination of the User’s Account can include disabling the access to
the Game or any part thereof including any content submitted by the User or
others.
In the event
that a User’s Account or access to the Game is terminated, suspended or
cancelled, either by User or by TAPROOM, User will not be entitled to any
refunds or credits or in-game Virtual Items (e.g. points in an online game) or
converted to cash or other form of refund, and you will have no further access
to your Account or anything associated with it (such as points or in-game items).
If your Account is terminated or suspended by TAPROOM, TAPROOM reserves the
right to terminate or suspend any of your other TAPROOM accounts from other
TAPROOM games.
10.
OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES
TAPROOM undertakes to do everything necessary to
ensure the proper functioning of the Game, applying the utmost diligence in the
provision of the service and adopting, within its possibilities and the state
of the art, all necessary measures to ensure the proper functioning of the
Game.
TAPROOM will periodically review the content and
information made available to the User in the Game but cannot fully guarantee
that it is accurate and up to date at all times.
The User undertakes to use the Game in good
faith, complying with the Terms of Service, without violating the laws in force
in any matter or infringing the rights of third parties, as well as to pay for
the In App Purchases and comply with this Terms of Service.
11.
INTELLECTUAL AND INDUSTRIAL PROPERTY
All the contents of the Game, including, but not limited
to, the texts, images, photographs, videos, graphics, distinctive signs of any
kind, icons, interfaces, as well as the software, source code, designs,
architecture, presentation, layout and classification of the contents and any
other element present in the Game that may be subject to intellectual property
rights. TAPROOM owns, has licensed, or otherwise has rights to use all of the
content, included Virtual Items, that appears in the Game. Notwithstanding any
provision to the contrary herein, you agree that you have no right or title in
or to any content that appears in the Game.
TAPROOM reserves all legal rights.  The User may only
use the Game in accordance with these Terms of Use. It is forbidden to use or
resell for commercial purposes any material or content of the Game without
prior authorisation from TAPROOM.
TAPROOM reserves the right to modify, at any time and
without prior notice, the presentation and configuration of the Game and the
contents and services that may be incorporated therein. The User acknowledges
and accepts that at any time TAPROOM may interrupt, deactivate and/or cancel
any of these elements included in the Game or access to them.
If the User considers that any of the contents of the
Website constitutes an infringement of intellectual property protection rights,
he must notify TAPROOM immediately via the contact details given in the heading
of these Terms of Service.
12.
EXCLUSION OF WARRANTIES AND LIABILITY
The information published in the Game may not be exhaustive
or completely up to date, and TAPROOM assumes no responsibility for the lack of
completeness, up-to-dateness or accuracy of the data and information contained
in the Game.
TAPROOM does not guarantee that access to this Game will be
uninterrupted or error-free. TAPROOM does not guarantee that the content or
software present in the Game will not cause damage to the User's computer
system (software and hardware).  Likewise, TAPROOM disclaims any liability
arising from the improper use of this Game by the User.
TO
THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, TAPROOM SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO THE USER
FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR OTHER SIMILAR
DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF REVENUES, LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA
OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING
IN ANY WAY TO THESE TERMS OF SERVICE OR THE GAME ITSELF, WHETHER BASED ON
CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT TAPROOM HAS BEEN
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY
LAW, TAPROOM SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO THE USER FOR MORE THAN THE AMOUNT YOU HAVE
PAID TO TAPROOM IN ACCORDANCE WITH THESE TERMS OF SERVICE IN THE SIX (6) MONTHS
IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE DATE ON WHICH YOU FIRST ASSERT A CLAIM. YOU
ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT IF YOU HAVE NOT PAID ANYTHING TO TAPROOM DURING SUCH
TIME PERIOD, YOUR SOLE REMEDY (AND TAPROOM'S EXCLUSIVE LIABILITY) FOR ANY
DISPUTE WITH TAPROOM IS TO STOP USING THE GAME AND TO CANCEL YOUR ACCOUNT.
NOTHING
IN THESE TERMS OF SERVICE SHALL AFFECT THE STATUTORY RIGHTS OF ANY CONSUMER OR
EXCLUDE OR RESTRICT ANY LIABILITY RESULTING FROM GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL
MISCONDUCT OF TAPROOM OR FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY ARISING FROM ANY
NEGLIGENCE OR FRAUD OF TAPROOM.
13.
LINKS
Users are informed that the Game may contain, among others,
links, banners, buttons, directories and search engines that allow the User to
access web sites belonging to and/or managed by third parties and which,
therefore, are beyond the control of TAPROOM. TAPROOM will not assume
responsibility for the content appearing on these pages.
If you consider that such content is inappropriate or
contrary to the purposes of TAPROOM, please let us know via the contact details
above so that we can take appropriate action.
14.
MISCELLANEOUS
If any provision of these Terms of Service is declared, in whole or
in part, null and void or ineffective, such nullity or ineffectiveness shall
only affect that provision or that part of it which is null and void or
ineffective, everything else remaining, and such provision or that part of it which
is affected shall be deemed not to have been made.
The headings of the individual clauses are for information purposes
only and shall not affect, qualify or extend the interpretation of these Terms
of Service.
The fact that TAPROOM does not require the User to comply with one
of the conditions that he/she has contravened in these Terms of Service shall
not imply a future waiver of the application of that clause, compliance with
which may be demanded at any time.
The User acknowledges having read, understood, and agreed with these
Terms of Service, and therefore affirms that they are sufficient for the
exclusion of error in the consent to this contract and, therefore, accepts them
fully and expressly.
15.
INCIDENTS
In case of
doubts, queries or to make any claim (the "
Incident
"), the
User may write an email to support@fromthebench.zendesk.com or the customer
assistant channel, avaliable in the Game.
Should the User
detect any defect or error in the Terms of Service or in the Game, he may contact
TAPROOM indicating the defects/errors detected and attaching graphic proof of
the same
. After analysing the specific case, TAPROOM, will submit the User
 the steps to be taken in order to resolve the Incident.
16.
APPLICABLE LAW AND JURISDICTION
These conditions of use and their execution are subject to Spanish
law.
In the event of
any dispute arising as to the interpretation or application of these Terms of
Service, the parties shall negotiate in good faith to resolve any such dispute
or claim. However, if the dispute or claim is not resolved, the parties shall
submit to the appropriate courts or tribunals in accordance with law.
Last modification: 19 de abril de 2022.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.ftbsports.com/nba_privacy_policy.htm:
PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy is
applicable to the processing of data carried out by TAPROOM, S.L.  carried
out through this game:
Basketball Fantasy Manager NBA
(hereinafter, the
"Game") and/or those indicated. We recommend that you read it
carefully before using this Game or providing your data through it. Please do
not hesitate to contact us with any questions you may have by e-mail:
finance@taproomgames.com.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
In
this Policy you will find all the information relating to the processing of
your personal data and the rights you can exercise to maintain control over
them. In this regard, you will find information on:
1.
Who is responsible for the processing of your
data?
2.
What requirements you must meet to provide us
with your personal data?
3.
What data processing we carry out through the
App and what are its main characteristics, explaining to you:
Ø
What data we collect and how we collect it?
Ø
For what purposes we collect the data we request.
Ø
What is the legitimacy for its processing?
Ø
How long we keep them?
4.
To which recipients your data is communicated?
5.
Existence of international transfers of your
data.
6.
What your rights are and how you can exercise
them?
7.
How we protect your personal data?
8.
Which legislation affects this policy?
9.
Changes to this policy.
1.
WHO IS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
Your personal data will be
processed by the company TAPROOM, S.L.  ("TAPROOM "), with NIF
B67961870
and whose contact details
are as follows:
·
Registered
offices: Calle Rosselló i Porcel 21, 15B – 08016
Barcelona
·
Contact
email address:
finance@taproomgames.com.
1.1. Our Data Protection
Officer:
From TAPROOM, we provide you with the contact details of our Data
Protection Officer (DPO), to whom you can address any queries you may have in
relation to this Privacy Policy or the processing of your personal data.
E-mail:
dpo@fromthebenchgames.com.
2.
WHAT REQUIREMENTS DO YOU HAVE TO MEET TO PROVIDE US WITH YOUR
PERSONAL DATA?
2.1. Minimum age
. To provide us
with your personal data, you must be at least 13 years of age and/or have
sufficient legal capacity to use this Game.
2.2. Truthfulness
. When you
provide us with your data to use our services, you guarantee that the personal
data and information provided is real, truthful, updated and belongs to you and
not to third parties.
Furthermore, you must
notify us of any modification that may occur in the data provided, being
responsible in any case for the truthfulness and accuracy of the data provided
at all times.
2.3. Age and Truthfulness
Check
. From TAPROOM we reserve the right to verify your age and
identifying information at any time, if necessary, including by requiring
official proof of age or equivalent procedure and, in the event of fraud
detection that proves or is suspected that you are under the age indicated, to
delete, temporarily disable and/or terminate your account.
3.
WHAT DATA PROCESSING DO WE CARRY OUT THROUGH THE APP AND WHAT ARE
ITS MAIN CHARACTERISTICS?
Below, we explain how we treat your
personal data and provide you, in detail, with all relevant information
regarding your privacy:
3.1.
When you contact us through
our channels (customer assistance, email):
What are
  the ways of data collection?
·
Customer
  assistance channel
·
Sending
  e-mails to any
mail
  addresses of TAPROOM.
What data
  do we collect?
Identifying and contact information
. We collect your
  identifying information (name and surname) and e-mail address, as well as any
  other personal data that you voluntarily include in the communications you
  send us.
We
  may request additional information from you if necessary to comply with your
  request or requirement.
What are
  the purposes of the processing of your personal data?
To answer
  your requests
.
  The main purpose of the processing of this data will be to answer your
  requests, resolve your queries and/or provide you with the required
  information, as well as, where appropriate, to follow up on your requests.
Improving customer assistance
. All the information
  derived from the doubts, queries, and advice offered to interested parties,
  as well as the way in which requests are resolved, allows us to know how we
  provide our own customer service, enabling us to improve its quality.
Likewise,
  all the personal data collected, once the retention period indicated below
  has expired, is anonymised and used for the purposes of analysing the most
  frequently asked questions via the chat and automating the most frequently
  asked questions, creating FAQS or being kept for statistical purposes in
  order to develop commercial strategies.
What is
  the lawful basis of processing? Is the provision of this data obligatory?
Consent
. The data provided for
  the above purposes will be processed on lawful basis of your consent, granted
  when you voluntarily contact us through the means made available to you to
  request information.
All personal
  data collected by the customer service department will be processed by us for
  statistical purposes that will help us to improve the quality of the customer
  service provided. This purpose is compatible with the initial one.
The personal
  data that you are required to provide will be indicated by an asterisk or
  similar. Without this personal data it will not be possible to deal with your
  enquiries or requests.
How long
  do we keep your personal data?
All
  your personal data will be processed by us during the time your applications
  are being processed and, if necessary, to follow up on them. At the end of
  this period, TAPROOM we will keep this personal data, blocked, for the
  periods provided for by law to deal with any liabilities and to demonstrate
  compliance with our obligations. From this point onwards, TAPROOM will only
  process the personal data in an anonymised form, so it will not be possible
  to link the statistical information with the specific users to whom it
  refers.
Who do we
  give your personal data to?
We
  do not make any additional transfers to carry out this processing other than
  those indicated, in general terms, in point
4. To whom do we transfer your
  personal data?
In this regard, some of the channels through which you can
  contact us are managed by service providers, who act as Processors. You will
  find more information about how these service providers operate in section 4
  above.
3.2.
When you sign up to play
our game and you have a contractual relationship with us (when you Play the
Game)
What are
  the ways of data collection?
We
  may obtain your personal data in different ways. This will depend on how you
  access to the Game.
You
  have two options:
-
to
  register
-
or
  not to register
If
  you decide to register, here are the ways to do it:
·
Via Facebook
·
Apple account
·
FTB account
What data
  do we collect?
When
  you choose not to register, you just need to give us your nickname.
If
  you decide to register, depending on the type of registration, the data we
  will obtain will be:
·
Facebook:
  email and nickname
·
Apple account:
  Apple ID, contact ID
and nickname
·
FTB account:
  email, name and surname, date of birth, gender, country, hobbies and
  nickname.
The personal
  data that you are required to provide will be indicated by an asterisk or
  similar. Without this personal data you will not be able to play the Game.
What are
  the purposes of the processing of your personal data?
The main
  objective of the processing is to manage and administer everything necessary
  for you to be able to play our game.
Within this
  main purpose there are others:
·
We may
  profile your data if you give us your explicit consent.
o
This
  profiling will allow us to offer you a better gaming experience.
o
Third-party
  customized advertising (you can oppose this purpose).
·
Game
  improvement analytics.
·
Sometimes we
  may ask you to provide us with your email address to offer you compensation
  for the Game.
·
"Big
  whales contact": When you are a "great player", i.e., you meet
  certain requirements in the game, TAPROOM may contact you directly to offer
  you compensation or collaboration, provided you have given us your email
  address or your Contact ID.
·
Submmit you
  our retargeting campaigns.
What is
  the lawful basis of processing? Is the provision of this data obligatory?
Execution
  of the contract.
The
  processing of data is necessary for the performance of the contract between
  the parties, i.e. so that you can play the Game.
All data
  requested and processed by TAPROOM for the above purposes will be necessary
  for the purposes indicated. If they are not provided, it will not be possible
  to carry out the services related to them.
Consent.
Your explicit consent will
  be required to process data that is not necessary to play the Game.
We also ask
  for your explicit consent to receive advertising from Third parties.
Legitimate
  interest.
Retargeting campaigns are carried out on the basis of TAPROOM's legitimate
  interest. TAPROOM has carried out a Legitimate interests assessment (LIA)
  which you can consult by contacting our DPO.
How long
  do we keep your personal data?
All
  personal data will be processed by TAPROOM for the duration of the
  contractual relationship between the parties. At the end of this period,
  TAPROOM we will keep this personal data, blocked, for the periods provided
  for by law to meet any liabilities and to demonstrate compliance with our
  obligations.
Who do we
  give your personal data to?
We
  do not make any additional transfers to carry out this processing other than
  those indicated, in general terms, in point
4. To whom do we transfer your
  personal data?
In this regard, we may use service providers for the
  provision of certain additional services (e.g. consent management platforms
  -CMP-), who act as Processors. You will find more information on how these
  service providers operate in point 4 above.
3.3.
App navigation
We use tracking and tracing
tools on this Game to collect personal data about how users use the Game.
We can also obtain other data such as:
-
geo IP
-
Analytics, game
statistics, login - log out.
-
Payment details
-
IDFA, Device ID
We
use this data just for profiling and anlytical purposes.
3.4.
Use of social plug-ins:
When you use our services,
you can share personal data on social networks, such as Facebook, via an
implemented social plug-in (such as a "Share" button). If you choose
to share information via a social plug-in, the following data will be
transferred to the relevant social network:
I.
Date
and time of visit;
II.
The
Internet address or URL for the address you are temporarily visiting;
III.
The
IP address;
IV.
The
browser you are using;
V.
The
operating system you are using;
VI.
Where
applicable, your username and password and if you are a registered user of the
social network, first and last name; and
VII.
The
information for which you have used the specific plug-in.
The above information will
be used to perform the action you have indicated (sharing, "liking",
etc.), in accordance with the terms and conditions of the relevant social
network. We therefore encourage you to keep yourself informed of the purpose
and scope of the collection of personal data through social plug-ins. If you
wish, you can block social plug-ins in your browser settings.
Please note that we have no
influence on the personal data that the social network collects by plug-ins.
3.5.
Profiles of TAPROOM in
social networks.
TAPROOM
has a profile on the main social networks, such as
Facebook, Twitter,
Instagram, Linkedin or YouTube
.
When
you become a follower of any of our pages on social networks, the processing of
data will be governed by the terms of use, privacy policies and access
regulations belonging to the corresponding social network and previously
accepted by the user.
TAPROOM
in this sense, will process your data for the purposes of correctly managing
its presence on the social network, informing you of activities, products or
services, as well as for any other purpose that the regulations of social
networks allow.
Please note that we have no
influence over the personal data that the social network collects or how it
processes it, so we recommend that you keep yourself informed of the purpose
and extent of the collection of personal data through these social networks.
4.
TO WHOM DO WE DISCLOSE YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
In addition to the transfers
that we specifically indicate in the section in which we explain the
characteristics of the different operations (point 3), we inform you of the
communications that we may make, in general, and which affect all the above
processing and its lawful basis of processing.
i.
Providers
of
essential
services
to carry out the service we offer you
(for example, computer hosting companies or platforms for sending commercial
communications). Notwithstanding the above, these entities have signed the
corresponding confidentiality agreements and will only process your data in
accordance with our instructions and may not use them for their own purposes or
for purposes other than the service they provide us with.
ii.
Public
bodies
. We may disclose to the competent public authorities the personal
data and any other information in our possession or accessible through our
systems when there is a legal obligation to do so, as well as when required,
for example, when the purpose is to prevent or prosecute abuse of the services
or fraudulent activities through our Game or our web pages. In such cases, the
personal data you provide to us will be retained and made available to
administrative or judicial authorities.
iii.
In
the event of a corporate transaction:
In the event of a merger,
acquisition, sale of all or part of its assets or any other type of corporate
transaction involving a third party, we may share, disclose or transfer user
data to the successor entity (including during the pre-transaction phase).
iv.
To third parties after aggregation or anonymisation:
we may disclose
or use aggregated or anonymised data (i.e. data which cannot be linked to an
identified or identifiable natural person) for any purpose.
v.
To third parties with your consent or other lawful basis of
processing:
We share data with third parties outside the scope of this Privacy
Policy (all the Ad Partners). In order to carry out this activity, we will
always ask for your consent and provide you with the necessary information for
you to access the Privacy Politicy of our Ad Partners.
Name of the Ad Partner
Country
Transfer mechanism
Taproom SL
Spain
SDK
AddApptr
Germany
SDK
Google Ireland Limited
Ireland
SDK
We also inform you that
this Privacy Policy only relates to the collection, processing and use of
information (relating to personal data) by us through your interaction with our
Game. Access to third party websites that you may access through links from the
Game have their own privacy policies over which we have no control. Therefore,
before you provide them with any personal data, we recommend that you inform
yourself about their privacy policies.
5.
ARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA TRANSFERRED TO THIRD COUNTRIES OUTSIDE THE
ECONOMIC AREA?
Some of our service
providers are in countries outside the European Economic Area ("
EEA
").
The location of these
companies outside the EEA implies the existence of an international transfer of
your personal data, which could imply a lower level of protection than that
provided for in European legislation. However, we have implemented measures to
ensure that such transfers do not occur. TAPROOM has implemented measures to
ensure that such transfers does not result in a lower level of protection for
your personal data.
In this regard, service
providers outside the EEA have signed the relevant standard contractual clauses
approved by the European Commission ("
SCC
"), an agreement
signed between the two entities whereby the non-EU company guarantees that it
applies European data protection standards.
Therefore, the use of these
providers does not result in a lower level of protection of your personal data
than the use of providers located in the European Union. You can consult the content
of the SCC at the following link:
https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/publications/standard-contractual-clauses-controllers-and-processors_en
6.
WHAT ARE THE RIGHTS YOU CAN EXERCISE AS A DATA SUBJECT?
You can exercise the rights
guaranteed to you by law in relation to the processing of your personal data by
contacting our Data Protection Officer by emailing us at
dpo@fromthebenchgames.com.
Any rights request we
receive will be dealt with as soon as possible and in any event within the
maximum time limit set by law from the time we receive them. In some cases, we
may need to ask you for a copy of your identity card or other identification
document if we need to verify your identity.
Your rights as a data
subject are as follows:
i.
Right to withdraw consent given
You can revoke your consent
in connection with all processings based on it. However, we remind you that the
withdrawal of consent will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on
consent prior to withdrawal.
ii.
Right of access
You have the right to know
what data are being processed, if any, and, if so, to obtain a copy of it, as
well as to obtain information relating to:
Ø
the origin and recipients of the data;
Ø
the purposes for which they are processed;
Ø
whether there is an automated decision-making process, including
profiling;
Ø
the data retention period; and
Ø
the rights provided by law.
iii.
Right of rectification
You have the right to
obtain the rectification of your personal data or to complete them when they
are incomplete.
iv.
Right of withdrawal
You have the right to
request the deletion of your personal data if it is no longer necessary for the
purpose for which it was collected or if we are no longer authorised to process
it.
v.
Right to data portability
You have the right to
request data portability in the case of the processing of your data based on
your consent or the execution of a contract, as well as when the processing is
carried out by automated means. If you exercise this right, you will receive
your personal data in a structured format, commonly used and readable by any
electronic device. However, you can also request, where possible, that your
data be transmitted directly to another company.
vi.
Right to restrict the processing of your personal data
You have the right to limit
the processing of your data in the following cases:
a)
When you have requested the rectification of
your personal data during the period in which we verify the accuracy of them.
b)
When you consider that it is no longer
necessary for us to continue processing your data and you want us to keep them
for the purposes of exercising or defending claims.
c)
When you consider that we are not authorized
to process your data. In that case, you can ask us to limit its use instead of
requesting its deletion.
d)
In cases where there is processing based on
our legitimate interest and you have exercised your right to object, you may
ask us to limit the use of your data during verification of the prevalence of
such interests over yours.
i.
Right to object
You have the right to
object at any time to the processing of your personal data based on our
legitimate interest, including profiling.
Unsubscribe from commercial
communications
: Remember that you can oppose the receipt of such communications
at any time by sending an email to
dpo@fromthebenchgames.com.
You
can also unsubscribe from our commercial communications by following the
instructions on the body foot of each electronic communication we send you.
Unsubscribe from the Game:
Please note that
you can unsubscribe from the Game at any time.
ii.
Right to lodge a complaint with the Supervisory Authority
Remember that, at any time,
and if you consider that we have violated your right to the protection of your
data, you will be able to a complaint with the corresponding Control Authority,
in the case of Spain, the Spanish Data Protection Agency (www.agpd.es).
7.
HOW DO WE GUARANTEE THE CONFIDENTIALITY OF YOUR INFORMATION?
The security of your
personal data is a priority for us. Therefore, TAPROOM has implemented all
necessary security measures to ensure the effective use and processing of
personal data provided by the user, safeguarding the privacy, confidentiality
and integrity of them.
Consequently, we comply
with the recommended safety standards to protect your data. However, it is
impossible to fully guarantee your security due to the nature of the Internet
and because there may be fraudulent actions by third parties beyond our
control.
We are committed to acting
quickly and diligently if data security is compromised or compromised, and to
inform you of this where relevant.
8.
WHAT LEGISLATION AFFECTS THIS PRIVACY POLICY?
Below, we provide you with
the laws and regulations that assist, protect and establish your rights, which
have inspired this policy:
-
General Data
Protection Regulation EU 216/679
https://www.boe.es/buscar/doc.php?id=DOUE-L-2016-80807
-
Ley Orgánica
3/2018, de 5 de diciembre, on the Protection of Personal Data and Guarantee of
Digital Rights.
https://www.boe.es/eli/es/lo/2018/12/05/3
-
Ley 34/2002 de
11 de julio de 2002, on information society services and electronic commerce.
http://www.boe.es/buscar/act.php?id=BOE-A-2002-13758
9.
AMENDMENTS TO THIS POLICY
From TAPROOM we
can modify the content of the privacy policy at any time, especially when there
are changes in legislation, jurisprudence or interpretation of the Spanish Data
Protection Agency that affect the processing of data carried out by TAPROOM
through the Game. Any new version of this Privacy Policy shall enter into force
on the date of entry into force published.
If the revised
version includes a material change that affects the processing of your data, we
will notify you at least 30 days in advance by posting a notice on our Game. In
any case, we recommend that you periodically review this Privacy Policy to be
informed of how your personal data is processed and protected, as well as your
rights.
This Privacy Policy has
been amended on 19 de April de 2022.