Your privacy
is our priority.
Respect for customer privacy and security guides every action we take at Ring. From giving customers easy-to-use products and services that help them protect and connect to the places, people and things that matter to them to prioritizing the privacy, security and control of their devices and personal information, our commitment to privacy is built on the following guiding pillars.
Our Privacy Pillars.
Privacy and security built in.
From the initial idea to the final product, privacy and security are at the core of every decision we make at Ring.
Customers have control.
Ring gives customers the control over who’s able to see and access their videos, devices, and personal information.
Commitment to transparency.
We’re committed to being transparent about our privacy and security practices.
Video Security
Keeping your videos safe.
Default video encryption.
Ring encrypts your videos at rest and in transit by default. Please see the
Video Encryption page
in Control Centre for more information.
Optional Video End-to-End Encryption.
This additional, advanced encryption option gives you even more control over who can view your videos.
Learn more
.
Secure video storage.
With a Ring Protect plan, your videos are securely stored in the cloud and can be deleted at any time. Your videos will be permanently deleted from our servers according to the storage period in your plan​.
Learn more
.
Account Security
Keeping your account secure.
Two-Step Verification.
This mandatory second layer of verification helps prevent unauthorised access to your Ring account.
Learn more
.
Shared users.
You can remove any shared user at any time.
Learn more
.
Extra layers of protection.
You will receive an email notification any time a new device logs into your Ring account.
Learn more
.
Active account protection.
We take steps to monitor and block any identified potentially unauthorised login attempts into your Ring account.
Control Centre
You’re in control.
Control from one place.
Control Centre allows you to view and control important privacy and security settings from one dashboard in the Ring app.
Learn more
.
Verify your devices.
See all devices (phones, tablets, computers) that are logged into your Ring account. Click “Remove all” to force devices to log out.
Manage linked accounts.
View and manage the services you authorised to link to your Ring account via Ring authentication, like Alexa, and IFTTT. You can remove any individual service, at any time.
Keeping all your online accounts safe.
Two-Step Verification.
Two-step verification adds an extra layer of security to your accounts that offer this feature, helping prevent unauthorised access, even if someone has access to your account password.
Learn more
.
Add a PIN to your mobile phone account.
Adding a PIN to your mobile account adds an extra layer of security that helps prevent attackers from taking over your mobile phone account. You can add a PIN from the account security section of your mobile carrier’s website, or by calling your carrier’s customer support.
Create unique passwords.
Create unique passwords for your various online accounts. Do not reuse your username and passwordsacross multiple accounts.
Stay up to date.
New features and security updates are constantly being added to your devices and apps, including your Ring app. So make sure you stay up to date with the latest security updates.
Watch out for phishing scams.
Phishing is when a bad actor attempts to trick you with a fake email or text that claims to be legitimate, in order to gain access to your login credentials.
Use a password manager.
Password managers are available as standalone apps, and are also available as extensions to popular browsers like Safari or Chrome.
Ring Privacy FAQ
When does Ring record or store my videos?
If you do not have a Ring Protect Plan, Ring does not record or store your videos, but you can still view your device's live video stream (Live View).
If you do have a Ring Protect Plan (including a free trial), Ring records and stores videos when motion is detected by your device (including devices linked to cameras such as an alarm system’s motion detector), the video doorbell button is pressed, or you initiate Live View. Video recordings in your account are automatically deleted following the expiration of your account’s applicable storage period under the Ring Protect Plan. For additional information regarding Ring’s video storage periods, see
here
.
What about videos I’ve created a share link for?
When you create a share link for one of your Ring videos, a copy of that video is made in the cloud to facilitate sharing. You can manage your shared videos in the Shared Video Management feature in Control Centre within the Ring App and Ring.com. There, you can unshare videos, which deletes the shared copies and makes the videos inaccessible to people with whom you previously shared those links. The original videos in your Ring account, however, are not deleted until you delete them in the Ring App or Ring.com, or they reach the expiration of your Ring Protect Plan’s applicable storage period.
How can I access and delete my video recordings?
If you have a Ring Protect plan (including a free trial), you can access your stored recordings, download them, manually delete them one by one, or delete them all at once in the Ring app or on Ring.com. Stored recordings are automatically deleted following the expiration of your Ring Protect plan’s applicable storage period. For additional information regarding Ring’s video storage periods, see
here
.
How secure are my video recordings?
You are always in control of who you grant video access to. By using the Shared Users function, you can add users to your account, who will then be able to view and download video recordings on the account. You can also share video recordings via text or email by creating a share link to the recording. After a share link has been created, the video recording may be viewed and downloaded by anyone with the share link ID. Additionally, you can make your videos publicly available by posting them on the Internet (including by posting them to the public social media app, Neighbors* by Ring).
Who can view my video recordings?
You’re in control of who you grant video access to. You can add Shared Users to your account, who will then be able to view and download video recordings on the account. You can also share video recordings via text or email by creating a share link to the recording. After a share link has been created, the video recording may be viewed and downloaded by anyone with the share link ID. Additionally, you can make your videos publicly available by posting them on the Internet (including by posting them to the public social media app Neighbors* by Ring).
Why should I add Shared Users?
The Shared Users function allows you to share device access with family, housemates, and others, without sharing your login credentials. Shared Users can answer and receive alerts, view video recordings, and modify their personal alert settings, but they cannot delete videos, delete devices, or change device settings.
For help adding someone as a Shared User, please click
here
.
If I request Ring’s assistance with troubleshooting my device or video recordings, will Ring view my video recordings?
A small number of video recordings are viewed by our research and development team to improve Ring’s products, services and technology. These video recordings are either from customers who have made them publicly available (by posting them on the Neighbors* App or otherwise on the Internet), or from customers, team members and their friends and family who have given us explicit permission to use them for this purpose (which they may revoke at any time).
Does Ring view recordings for research and development?
A small number of video recordings are viewed by our research and development team to improve Ring’s products, services and technology. These video recordings are either from customers who have made them publicly available (by posting them on the Neighbors App* or otherwise on the Internet), or from customers, team members and their friends and family who have given us explicit permission to use them for this purpose (which they may revoke at any time).
Does Ring give law enforcement agencies direct access to a user’s personal information?
No, Ring does not provide law enforcement agencies with direct access, or any sort of “back door access”, to a user’s personal information, including videos. Before sharing user information (including videos) in response to legal requests, Ring requires that law enforcement agencies send a written request for personal information (e.g., subpoenas, search warrants or court orders) to Ring directly. For additional information, see our law enforcement guidelines. For additional information, see our
law enforcement guidelines
.
If I use the Neighbors* App, does that give Ring team members the right to view all of my video recordings?
No. Ring team members, similar to other members of the general public, can only view the video recordings that you have elected to make publicly available by posting them on the Neighbors* App (or otherwise on the Internet).
Can Ring team members activate and view my live stream?
No. Ring team members cannot activate and view live streams from your Ring device.
Does Ring sell customer information to third parties?
No.
Our Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice
Take a more detailed look at our privacy notice by clicking
here.
Access to or Deletion of Personal Information
You may exercise your rights to request information about the collection of your personal information by Ring, access to, or deletion of your personal information. If you wish to do so, please visit
here
or contact
Customer Service
. Depending on your choices, certain services may be limited or unavailable.
Unsubscribing
If you’d like to opt-out of marketing and other non-transactional communications from Ring, email
unsubscribe@ring.com
or click the Unsubscribe link at the bottom of an email you've received from Ring. You will not be able to opt out of important or transactional communications from us, for example, billing confirmations and reminders, device updates, security-related communications, and service announcements. See our Privacy Notice for more information.
If you have any questions or concerns, please email us at
privacy@ring.com
Cookie Policy
View our cookie policy by clicking
here
.
*The Neighbors App is currently available in the US only.