Moment Privacy Policy
Last Updated: January 23rd, 2020
We started Moment to empower creatives by providing better gear, apps, experiences, and learning materials (collectively, the “Moment Platform”). To do this, we need to collect, use, and share some of your personal information. Your privacy and the security of your personal data is extremely important to us. Thus, our privacy policy is in place to help you understand how we collect and use your data, as well as outline your data privacy rights and how to make use of them.
Table of Contents
1. Overview
2. What information we collect
3. How we use your information
4. How we share your information
5. Data storage
6. Your rights and preferences
7. Children's Data
8. Links
9. Changes to this policy
10. How to contact us
1. Overview
This policy applies to all Moment products and services. The terms outlining your use of Moment products and services are defined in our
Shop Terms of Service
and
Travel Terms of Service
.
2. What information we collect
A. Information you provide to us
Account Information
When you create an account, we collect the information you provide us, such as your name and email address. You may choose to share additional info with us for your profile, like your phone number, and saved payment information or addresses (e.g., billing or shipping), and set up other preferences (such as your device type).
Order Information
If you purchase a product through the Platform, you will be required to provide certain information to our payment processing service provider(s) pursuant to the terms and conditions of their privacy policies and terms of use. Such information may include a debit card number, credit card number, expiration date, billing address, activation codes, and similar information. You authorize our payment processing service providers to collect, process, and store this information. We do not store or process this information.
If you purchase a product through the Platform, you will be required to provide us with your name, email, phone number, billing address, and shipping address. We use this information to process and ship your order(s), and you authorize us to share this information with suppliers of the product(s) that you order, so that they can process and ship your order(s).
Communications
We collect information within any messages and feedback you send to us (such as feedback, surveys, and questions sent to customer support) or publicly post (such as in product reviews).
You may also elect to receive emails or text messages from us. When you sign up to receive text or email messages, we will send you information about promotional offers and more. These messages may use information automatically collected based on your actions while on our sites and may prompt messaging such as cart abandon messages. To the extent you voluntarily opt to have text notifications sent directly to your mobile phone, we receive and store the information you provide, including your telephone number or when you read a text message. You may opt out of receiving text messages at any time by texting “STOP” to our text messages. For more information about text messages, see our Terms and Conditions.
B. Information we collect
Usage Information.
This includes data about the pages you visit, when, what products you purchased, what promotional codes you used emails and ads you view, products and services you view and purchase, the time of day you browse, and your referring and exiting pages, and inferences of your non-precise location.
Device Information.
We collect data about the type of device or browser you use, your device’s operating software, your internet service provider, your device’s regional and language settings, and device identifiers such as IP address and advertising identifiers.
Cookies, Analytics, and Third Party Technologies.
We collect information through the use of “cookies”, tracking pixels, data analytics tools like Google Analytics, SDKs, and other third party technologies to understand how you navigate through the Platform and interact with advertisements. This allows us to learn what content is popular, improve your site experience, serve you better ads on other sites, and better understand your preferences. Cookies are small text files that web servers place on your device; they are designed to store basic information and to help websites and apps recognize your browser. We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies. A session cookie disappears after you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be accessed every time you use the Moment website. You should consult your web browser(s) to modify your cookie settings. Please note that if you delete or choose not to accept cookies from us, you may miss out on certain features
Advertising and Analytics.
We use one or more analytics services (such as Google Analytics) to evaluate your use of the Platform, compile reports on activity (based on our partners’ collection of IP addresses, internet service provider, browser type, operating system and language, referring and exist pages and URLs, date and time, amount of time spent on particular pages, what sections of the Website you visit, number of links clicked while on the Website, search terms and other similar usage information, and analyze performance metrics. This Google information may include end user location, search history, YouTube history, and data from sites that partner with Google (Google Signals)—and is used to provide aggregated and anonymized insights into a users’ cross device behaviors. These partners use cookies to collect this usage information. By accessing and using the Platform, you consent to the processing of data about you by these other entities in the manner and for the purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy.
We share your usage information with technology services for ad distribution and ad optimization (defined as the tailoring, targeting (i.e., behavioral, contextual, and retargeting), analyzing, managing, reporting, and optimizing of ads). These technology services may use cookies, pixel tags (also called web beacons or clear gifs), and/or other technologies to collect such usage information for such purposes. Pixel tags enable us, and these technology services, to recognize a browser’s cookie when a browser visits the site on which the pixel tag is located in order to learn which advertisement brings a user to a given site. You may opt-out of the tailoring of advertising based on information we collect. We also use technology services (for example, Google Adwords) to advertise to users of our Platform on websites owned or operated by other entities. This means that we advertise to previous visitors to the Website who have not completed a task on the Website, such as leaving un-purchased items in your shopping cart. These technology services may include cookies to track your activities across time and services. Any data collected by technology services will be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the privacy policy of such technology services. For more information on such technology services, including how to opt out from certain data collection, please see below.
We also use audience matching services to reach people (or people similar to people) who have visited our Services or are identified in one or more of our databases (“Matched Ads”). This is done by us uploading a customer list to a technology service or incorporating a pixel from technology service into our own Service, and the technology service matching common factors between our data and their data. For instance, we incorporate the Facebook pixel on our Service and may share your email address with Facebook as part of our use of Facebook Custom Audiences. Some technology services may provide us with their own data, which is then uploaded into another technology service for matching common factors between those datasets.
As indicated above, vendors may act as our service providers, or in certain contexts, independently decide how to process your information. We encourage you to familiarize yourself with and consult their privacy policies and terms of use.
For Google Adwords, you can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page, and if you want to you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings or permanently using a browser plugin.
Information from other sources.
We also collect information from other sources. The following are the categories of sources we collect information from:
Customers or users of the Platform
Data brokers or resellers from which we purchase data to supplement the data we collect.
Social networks when you engage with our content, reference our Platform, or grant us permission to access information from the social networks.
Partners that offer co-branded services, sell or distribute our products, or engage in joint marketing activities.
Publicly-available sources, including data in the public domain.
3. How we use your information
We use your personal information to:
Provide the Moment Platform
Maintain the security and safety of the Moment Platform and its users
Improve the Moment Platform
Respond to legal proceedings and obligations.
Providing the Moment Platform.
We use your personal information to provide an intuitive, useful, efficient, and worthwhile experience on our platform. To do this, we use your personal information to:
Verify your identity and maintain your account, settings, and preferences
Connect you to your orders and track their progress
Calculate prices and process payments
Communicate with you about your orders
Collect feedback regarding your experience
Facilitate additional services and programs with third parties
Operate contests, sweepstakes, and other promotions.
Communicate with you about events, promotions, and campaigns;
Personalize and provide content, experiences, communications, and advertising to promote and grow the Moment Platform
Investigate and assist you in resolving questions or issues you have regarding the Moment Platform
Provide you support or respond to you.
Maintaining the Security and Safety of the Moment Platform and its Users
. Providing you a secure and safe experience drives our platform, both on the road and on our apps. To do this, we use your personal information to:
Authenticate users
Find and prevent fraud
Block and remove unsafe or fraudulent users from the Moment Platform
Improving the Moment Platform.
We are always working to improve your experience and provide you with new and helpful features. To do this, we use your personal information to:
Perform research, testing, and analysis
Develop new products, features, partnerships, and services
Prevent, find, and resolve software or hardware bugs and issues
Monitor and improve our operations and processes, including security practices, algorithms, and other modeling.
Responding to Legal Proceedings and Requirements.
Sometimes the law, government entities, or other regulatory bodies may impose demands and obligations on us with respect to the products and services we seek to provide. In such a circumstance, we may use your personal information to respond to those demands or obligations.
4. How we share your information
We do not sell your personal information. To make the Moment Platform work, we may need to share your personal information with other users, third parties, and service providers. This section explains when and why we share your information.
Service Providers.
We hire other companies to process information on our behalf for our business purposes. We share information with service providers but only to the extent needed to enable them to provide such services. Service providers assist us with services such as direct email and regular mail marketing, billing, Product order fulfillment and shipping, customer service, data storage, hosting services, event registration.
Vendors and Other Parties.
We share information with vendors for business and commercial purposes, including analytics and advertising technology companies. Vendors may act as our service providers, or in certain contexts, independently decide how to process your information.
Affiliates.
We share information with our related entities including our parent and sister companies for business purposes such as customer support, marketing, and technical operations.
Partners.
We share information with our partners in connection with offering co-branded services, selling or distributing our products, or engaging in joint marketing activities.
Promotions.
When you voluntarily enter a sweepstakes, contest, or other promotion, we share information as set out in the official rules that govern the promotion as well as for administrative purposes and as required by law (e.g., on a winners list). By entering a promotion, you agree to the official rules that govern that promotion, and may, except where prohibited by applicable law, allow the sponsor and/or other entities to use your name, voice, and/or likeness in advertising or marketing materials.
Business Transfers.
We share information in the event of, or during negotiations of, any proposed or actual merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar corporate event, the sale of all or any portion of our assets, or transfer of all or a portion of our business to another business. All such transfers shall be subject to our commitments with respect to the privacy and confidentiality of such information as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Disclosure to Public Authorities.
We may be required to share information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including for the purpose of meeting national security or law enforcement requirements. We may also share information when compelled to do so by government authorities or required by law or regulation including, but not limited to, in response to court orders and subpoenas. We also share information to protect the rights, property, life, health, security and safety of us, the Services or anyone else.
Facilitating Requests.
We share information at your request or direction, such as when you choose to share information with a social network about your activities on the Services.
Consent.
We share information with notice to you and your consent.
5. Data Storage
We retain your information for as long as necessary to provide you and our other users the Moment Platform. This means we keep your profile information for as long as you maintain an account. We retain transactional information such as billing and shipping information for at least seven years to ensure we can perform legitimate business functions, such as accounting for tax obligations.
We take reasonable and appropriate measures designed to protect your personal information. But no security measures can be 100% effective, and we cannot guarantee the security of your information, including against unauthorized intrusions or acts by third parties.
6. Your Rights and Preferences
Moment provides ways for you to access and delete your personal information as well as exercise other data rights that give you certain control over your personal information.
A. All Users
Email Subscriptions.
You can always unsubscribe from our commercial or promotional emails by clicking unsubscribe in those messages. We will still send you transactional and relational emails about your use of the Moment Platform.
Push Notifications.
You can opt out of receiving push notifications through your device settings. Please note that opting out of receiving push notifications may impact your use of the Moment Platform.
Profile Information.
You can review and edit certain account information you have chosen to add to your profile by logging in to your account settings and profile.
Location Information
. You can prevent your device from sharing location information through your device’s system settings.
Cookie Tracking.
You can modify your cookie settings on your browser, but if you delete or choose not to accept our cookies, you may be missing out on certain features of the Moment Platform.
Do Not Track.
Your browser may offer you a “Do Not Track” option, which allows you to signal to operators of websites and web applications and services that you do not want them to track your online activities. The Moment Platform does not currently support Do Not Track requests at this time. For more information on “Do Not Track,” visit
http://www.allaboutdnt.com.xta...
>