Terms of Service
Hack Ex is operated by CNC Apps, LLC. Throughout the site, the terms
        “we”, “us” and “our” refer to
        CNC Apps, LLC.  CNC Apps, LLC reserves the right to prevent use of
        our games or ban accounts of users who violate the acceptance of all
        terms, conditions, policies and notices stated here.
By using our Application, Hack Ex, and/ or purchasing something from us,
        you engage in our “Service” and agree to be bound by the
        following terms and conditions (“Terms of Service”,
        “Terms”), including those additional terms and conditions
        and policies referenced herein and/or available by hyperlink. These
        Terms of Service apply  to all users of the game, including without
        limitation users who are browsers, vendors, customers, merchants, and/
        or contributors of content.
Please read these Terms of Service carefully before accessing or playing
        our game. By accessing or using any part of the site, you agree to be
        bound by these Terms of Service. If you do not agree to all the terms
        and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access the website or
        use any services. If these Terms of Service are considered an offer,
        acceptance is expressly limited to these Terms of Service.
Any new features or tools which are added to the current store shall
        also be subject to the Terms of Service. You can review the most current
        version of the Terms of Service at any time on this page. We reserve the
        right to update, change or replace any part of these Terms of Service by
        posting updates and/or changes to our website. It is your responsibility
        to check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of or
        access to the website following the posting of any changes constitutes
        acceptance of those changes.
SECTION 1 - ONLINE TERMS
By agreeing to these Terms of Service, you represent that you are at
        least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or
        that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence
        and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents
        to use this site.
You may not use our products for any illegal or unauthorized purpose nor
        may you, in the use of the Service, violate any laws in your
        jurisdiction (including but not limited to copyright laws).
You must not transmit any worms or viruses or any code of a destructive
        nature.
A breach or violation of any of the Terms will result in an immediate
        termination of your Services.
SECTION 2 - GENERAL CONDITIONS
We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason at any
        time.
Any third party tools or service used to automate the game experience
        are in violation of our terms.
Any third part tools or services that we consider to be cheating as
        explained in section 3 are in violation of our terms and must be removed
        and any accounts on Hack Ex making use of these tools and services will
        be banned.
You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any
        portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service or
        any contact on the website through which the service is provided,
        without express written permission by us.
The headings used in this agreement are included for convenience only
        and will not limit or otherwise affect these Terms.
SECTION 3 - API ACCESS AND USAGE
Only application clients created and developed by CNC Apps, LLC are
        allowed use of our API (Application Programming Interface).
Any outside scripts or services using our API are in violation of our
        terms.
In elaboration of using our API, any scripts, services, or tools used in
        Hack Ex to generate user accounts, automate process creation, spam
        uploading, Bitcoin generation, device bypassing, user leveling and
        reputation gain, are all in violation with the use of our API and are
        deemed cheating in the game and may require lawful action.
SECTION 4 - ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS AND TIMELINESS OF INFORMATION
We are not responsible if information made available on this site is not
        accurate, complete or current. The material on this site is provided for
        general information only and should not be relied upon or used as the
        sole basis for making decisions without consulting primary, more
        accurate, more complete or more timely sources of information. Any
        reliance on the material on this site is at your own risk.
This site may contain certain historical information. Historical
        information, necessarily, is not current and is provided for your
        reference only. We reserve the right to modify the contents of this site
        at any time, but we have no obligation to update any information on our
        site. You agree that it is your responsibility to monitor changes to our
        site.
SECTION 5 - MODIFICATIONS TO THE SERVICE AND PRICES
Prices for our products are subject to change without notice.
We reserve the right at any time to modify or discontinue the Service
        (or any part or content thereof) without notice at any time.
We shall not be liable to you or to any third-party for any
        modification, price change, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.
SECTION 6 - ACCURACY OF BILLING AND ACCOUNT INFORMATION
We reserve the right to refuse any order you place with us. We may, in
        our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person,
        per household or per order. These restrictions may include orders placed
        by or under the same customer account, the same credit card, and/or
        orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address. In the event
        that we make a change to or cancel an order, we may attempt to notify
        you by contacting the e-mail and/or billing address/phone number
        provided at the time the order was made. We reserve the right to limit
        or prohibit orders that, in our sole judgment, appear to be placed by
        dealers, resellers or distributors.
SECTION 7 - THIRD-PARTY LINKS
Certain content, products and services available via our Service may
        include materials from third-parties.
Third-party links on this site may direct you to third-party websites
        that are not affiliated with us. We are not responsible for examining or
        evaluating the content or accuracy and we do not warrant and will not
        have any liability or responsibility for any third-party materials or
        websites, or for any other materials, products, or services of
        third-parties.
We are not liable for any harm or damages related to the purchase or use
        of goods, services, resources, content, or any other transactions made
        in connection with any third-party websites. Please review carefully the
        third-party's policies and practices and make sure you understand them
        before you engage in any transaction. Complaints, claims, concerns, or
        questions regarding third-party products should be directed to the
        third-party.
SECTION 8 - USER COMMENTS, FEEDBACK AND OTHER SUBMISSIONS
If, at our request, you send certain specific submissions (for example
        contest entries) or without a request from us you send creative ideas,
        suggestions, proposals, plans, or other materials, whether online, by
        email, by postal mail, or otherwise (collectively, 'comments'), you
        agree that we may, at any time, without restriction, edit, copy,
        publish, distribute, translate and otherwise use in any medium any
        comments that you forward to us. We are and shall be under no obligation
        (1) to maintain any comments in confidence; (2) to pay compensation for
        any comments; or (3) to respond to any comments.
We may, but have no obligation to, monitor, edit or remove content that
        we determine in our sole discretion are unlawful, offensive,
        threatening, libelous, defamatory, pornographic, obscene or otherwise
        objectionable or violates any party’s intellectual property or
        these Terms of Service.
You agree that your comments will not violate any right of any
        third-party, including copyright, trademark, privacy, personality or
        other personal or proprietary right. You further agree that your
        comments will not contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or
        obscene material, or contain any computer virus or other malware that
        could in any way affect the operation of the Service or any related
        website. You may not use a false e-mail address, pretend to be someone
        other than yourself, or otherwise mislead us or third-parties as to the
        origin of any comments. You are solely responsible for any comments you
        make and their accuracy. We take no responsibility and assume no
        liability for any comments posted by you or any third-party.
SECTION 9 - PROHIBITED USES
In addition to other prohibitions as set forth in the Terms of Service,
        you are prohibited from using the site or its content: (a) for any
        unlawful purpose; (b) to solicit others to perform or participate in any
        unlawful acts; (c) to violate any international, federal, provincial or
        state regulations, rules, laws, or local ordinances; (d) to infringe
        upon or violate our intellectual property rights or the intellectual
        property rights of others; (e) to harass, abuse, insult, harm, defame,
        slander, disparage, intimidate, or discriminate based on gender, sexual
        orientation, religion, ethnicity, race, age, national origin, or
        disability; (f) to submit false or misleading information; (g) to upload
        or transmit viruses or any other type of malicious code that will or may
        be used in any way that will affect the functionality or operation of
        the Service or of any related website, other websites, or the Internet;
        (h) to collect or track the personal information of others; (i) to spam,
        phish, pharm, pretext, spider, crawl, or scrape; (j) for any obscene or
        immoral purpose; or (k) to interfere with or circumvent the security
        features of the Service or any related website, other websites, or the
        Internet. We reserve the right to terminate your use of the Service or
        any related website for violating any of the prohibited uses.
SECTION 10 - DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
We do not guarantee, represent or warrant that your use of our service
        will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free.
SECTION 11 - CHANGES TO TERMS OF SERVICE
You can review the most current version of the Terms of Service at any
        time at this page.
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to update, change or
        replace any part of these Terms of Service by posting updates and
        changes to our website. It is your responsibility to check our website
        periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to our website
        or the Service following the posting of any changes to these Terms of
        Service constitutes acceptance of those changes.
SECTION 12 - CONTACT INFORMATION
Questions about the Terms of Service should be sent to us at
        hackex@cncapps.net