Privacy Policy
We at Big Red Apps care about how your personal information is used and shared, and we take your privacy seriously.
This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of the information that we gather when you access or use the applications
and website and any other features, content, and other services offered by Big Red Apps.
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes to this Privacy Policy,
the Big Red Apps website will be updated. You are bound by any changes to the Privacy Policy
when you use the Services after such changes have been first posted.
Collection of Personal Information
We Do Not Collect Any Personal Information Within Our Applications:
When you download and use our mobile applications, we don’t require you to provide any information and we don’t collect
 any personal information about you or your device.
We Do Not Collect Any Personal Information from Children:
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13.
We Collect Your Email Address, If You Email Us:
If you contact us by email, we may store your email in order to respond to your requests or questions. We will use the email address only to the extent
 required to respond to you, and for no other purpose.
We Collect Cookies and General Usage Information:
Whenever you interact with the Services, we automatically record information from your browser including your IP address, “cookie”
 information, and the page you requested. “Cookies” are identifiers we transfer to your computer or mobile device that allow us
 to recognize your browser or mobile device and tell us how and when our Services are visited and by how many people. We only use
 this data in aggregate form, and not in a manner that would identify you personally. Most browsers allow you to disable cookies
 or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent to your computer.
Sharing of Personal Information
We do not sell your Personal Information in personally identifiable form to anyone. We share your Personal Information in personally identifiable
form with third parties as described below.
Business Transfers:
If we or substantially all of our assets are acquired, or if we go out of business, enter bankruptcy, or go through some 
other change of control, Personal Information would be one of the assets transferred to or acquired by a third party.
Legal:
We reserve the right to disclose any information that is necessary to comply with the law or court order.
Questions or Concerns
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policies, please contact us at
contact@bigredapps.com
.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on February 10, 2019