We value your privacy
We and our
partners
store and/or access information on a device, such as cookies and process personal data, such as unique identifiers and standard information sent by a device for personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.  With your permission we and our partners may use precise geolocation data and identification through device scanning. You may click to consent to our and our 1470 partners’ processing as described above. Alternatively you may access more detailed information and change your preferences before consenting or to refuse consenting.  Please note that some processing of your personal data may not require your consent, but you have a right to object to such processing. Your preferences will apply to this website only. You can change your preferences or withdraw your consent at any time by returning to this site and clicking the "Privacy" button at the bottom of the webpage.
We at Ultimate Rugby care about our users data and its safety on the app or website. We aim to provide the ultimate online rugby experience without requiring much data from our users for ease of use and peace of mind. We only collect the basic data which is required for access to particular features and protect this secure data which is listed below.
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at
support@ultimaterugby.com
.
At www.ultimaterugby.com we consider the privacy of our visitors to be extremely important. This privacy policy document describes in detail the types of personal information is collected and recorded by www.ultimaterugby.com and how we use it.
Log Files
Like many other Web sites, www.ultimaterugby.com makes use of log files. These files merely logs visitors to the site - usually a standard procedure for hosting companies and a part of hosting services's analytics. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. This information is used to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web Beacons
BROWSER COOKIES:
Cookies are pieces of information that a website places on your device when you visit a website. Cookies may involve the transmission of information from us to you and from you directly to us, to another party on our behalf, or to another party in accordance with its privacy policy. We may use cookies to bring together information we collect about you. You can choose to have your device warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. If you turn cookies off, you won’t have access to many features that make your guest experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. Please see the last section of this Cookies Policy for more information about how to manage or disable browser cookies.
We use several categories of cookies and each performs different functions. You can learn more about cookies and their functions generally by visiting an information website like
allaboutcookies.org
.
FLASH COOKIES:
We may use local shared objects, sometimes known as Flash cookies, to store your preferences or display content based upon what you view on our site to personalize your visit. Our advertisers and third-party service providers also may use Flash cookies to collect and store information. Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount of, type of, and how data is stored. Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash cookies. Please see the last section of this Cookies Policy for information on how to disable Flash cookies.
If you disable Flash cookies, you won’t have access to many features that make your guest experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly.
WHAT CATEGORIES OF COOKIES MAY BE USED?
The cookies that may be used on this website fall into the four categories described below. These descriptions can help you determine if and how you would like to interact with our websites and other online services.
STRICTLY NECESSARY COOKIES
These cookies are essential in order to enable you to navigate this website and use certain features. Without these strictly necessary cookies, the online services you have asked for, like shopping baskets or producing your bill at checkout, cannot be provided.
PERFORMANCE COOKIES
We (or service providers operating on our behalf) may place our performance cookies on your device. The information collected using our performance cookies is used by us or for our benefit, to improve our website experience or for other statistics gathering purposes.
Our performance cookies are used to generate aggregated, anonymous information about how you and other users use this website and its features. For instance, our performance cookies collect information about which pages on this website you visit most often, if you open or read the communications we send, which advertisements you view or interact with on this website or other websites on which our advertisements appear, and if you receive any error messages. The information collected may be used to improve users’ online experience generally, to collate statistics, or customise your online experience by showing you content we think you will like. Our performance cookies don’t collect information that identifies you personally; however, if you have a registration account with us, the information collected by us using our performance cookies may be associated with your registration account.
We also may allow third-party advertisers to place their performance cookies on your device through their advertisements on this website. The information these third-party performance cookies collect is used to determine which third-party advertisements to display on this website, how often to display them, and in which locations of this websites the third-party advertisements perform best. These third-party performance cookies do not collect information that identifies you personally.
You can delete or manage performance cookies as instructed in the last section of this Cookies Policy.
FUNCTIONALITY COOKIES
We (or service providers operating on our behalf) may place our functionality cookies on your device. We do not share information collected using our functionality cookies with our advertisers or other third parties.
Our functionality cookies are used to remember choices you make (such as language preference, country location, or other online settings) and provide the personalised or enhanced features that you select. Our functionality cookies can be used to provide online services to you, or to prevent online services from being offered to you if you previously indicated you did not want to receive such services. Our functionality cookies collect anonymous information. In some cases, we may allow an advertiser or other third party to provide you with content and other online experiences on this website or online service. In these cases, the third-party may place their functionality cookies on your device and use their functionality cookies in the same way we use our functionality cookies, to provide you personalised or enhanced features in connection with the third-party content or experience.
If you delete these functionality cookies, any preferences or settings you selected will not be retained for later visits.
TARGETING OR ADVERTISING COOKIES
Where you see this icon
on third-party advertising or our advertising, you can click through to learn more about behaviourally targeted advertising, including how to exercise your control options through your browser settings. More information can be found at
www.youronlinechoices.eu
.
THIRD-PARTY TARGETED ADVERTISING
Third-party targeted advertising cookies may be placed on your device by third-party advertisers, ad networks, data exchanges, marketing analytics and other service providers.
Third-party targeted advertising cookies collect information about your browsing activity across multiple websites and online services in order to provide you with relevant advertisements on our websites and online services and the websites and online services of third parties. Ad networks may share this information with the advertisers using their network. These cookies may also be used to measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns, for example by collecting data on how many people click on a particular advert. The information collected using these third-party advertising cookies does not identify you personally.
Third-party targeted advertising cookies are often linked to site functionality provided by the third-party which may mean that clicking on the advertisement redirects you to that third-party’s website.
Whilst we cannot always know what third-party advertising cookies are being dropped before they appear on our website, we maintain processes to monitor cookies placed on our websites by external service providers and to control the way in which data is collected via our websites. We can also request that certain third-party advertising cookies are turned off by the third-party provider.
OUR TARGETED ADVERTISING
Our targeted advertising cookies are placed on your device by us (or service providers operating on our behalf).
We may use these cookies on our websites and in connection with our content and advertisements that appear on third-party websites and online services to recognise that you’ve viewed or interacted with our content or advertisements and so we can show you advertisements for products that we believe will be of interest to you. We may also use these cookies to limit the number of times you see the same advertisement. Our targeted advertising cookies collect anonymous information; however, if you have a registration account with us, the information collected by us using our targeted advertising cookies may be associated with your registration account, for example, we may seek to show more closely targeted adverts to you based on your browsing behaviour.
The organisation setting the cookie (either the third party or us) is responsible for obtaining consent.
REGISTERED GUESTS
We may analyse online activities of registered guests across our websites and online services by use of cookies and other tracking technologies. Where you have opted in to receive communications from us, we may use cookies and other tracking technologies to tailor future communications to reflect your interests.
We may also use cookies or other tracking technologies within our communications to you (for example to see if they have been read or opened or to see what content you interact with and what links you follow) so that we can better match future communications to your interests.
You may opt out at any time from receiving targeted communications from us by logging into your registration account and selecting not to receive marketing communications. To opt out of targeted advertising based on your online behaviour across this and other websites please follow the instructions provided above (for targeted advertising).
We will not share your contact information with our third-party advertisers unless you give us permission.
DISABLING/ENABLING COOKIES VIA YOUR BROWSER
There are a number of ways for you to manage cookies and other tracking technologies. Through your browser settings, you can accept or decline cookies or set your browser to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. You should be aware that you may not be able to use all our interactive features if you set your browser to disable cookies entirely.
If you use different computers in different locations you will need to ensure that each browser is adjusted to suit your preferences.
You can delete any cookies that have been installed in the cookie folder of your browser. The various browsers provide different procedures to manage your settings. Click on any of the browser links below for instructions.
DoubleClick DART Cookie
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on www.ultimaterugby.com.
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our site's visitors based upon their visit to www.ultimaterugby.com and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL -
http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Data Security & Integrity
The security, integrity, and confidentiality of your information are extremely important to us. We have implemented technical, administrative, and physical security measures that are designed to protect guest information from unauthorized access, disclosure, use, and modification. We regularly review our security procedures to consider appropriate new technology and methods. Please be aware that, despite our best efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. We will retain your personal information for the length of time needed to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
Sharing your Data
We will not share your
personal information
with a third party outside
Ultimate Rugby Limited
except in limited circumstances, including:
When you allow us to share your personal information with another company, such as:
Electing to share your personal information with carefully selected companies so that they can send you offers and promotions about their products and services; and
Directing us to share your personal information with third-party sites or platforms, such as social networking sites.
Please note that once we share your personal information with another company, the information received by the other company is controlled by that company and becomes subject to the other company’s privacy practices.
When companies perform services on our behalf, like package delivery, marketing and advertising, and customer service; however, these companies are prohibited from using your personal information for purposes other than those requested by us or required by law; and
When we share your personal information with third parties in connection with the sale of a business, to enforce our Terms of Use or rules, to ensure the safety and security of our guests and third parties, to protect our rights and property and the rights and property of our guests and third parties, to comply with legal process, or in other cases if we believe in good faith that disclosure is required by law.
Our Advertising Partners
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include:
Google
While each of these advertising partners has their own Privacy Policy for their site, an updated and hyperlinked resource is maintained here:
Privacy Policies
.
You may consult this listing to find the privacy policy for each of the advertising partners of www.ultimaterugby.com.
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology in their respective advertisements and links that appear on www.ultimaterugby.com and which are sent directly to your browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons) may also be used by our site's third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on the site.
www.ultimaterugby.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
What information do we collect?
When you visit ultimaterugby.com or use the Ultimate Rugby app you are not required to give us any personal data but if you choose to have a profile or have access to particular features you are requested to create an account via Facebook login. As a 3rd party provider Facebook only requires access to basic information such as your profile picture and name.
Users who opt to subscribe to Ultimate Rugby+ on their iOS or Android device do so through 3rd parties such as Apple & Google, Ultimate Rugby does not hold any payment details or data on any of our users or Ultimate Rugby+ members.
We do not hold any names of our users bar those who opt to sign in with Facebook alongside their device ID.
We do not collect any information on your friends, interests or behaviour on Facebook.
Currently using the Ultimate Rugby app or website does not require an email address or password.
If you sign in via Facebook on the app, we collect data on what teams, leagues and players you’ve favourited to provide a more personalised experience for each user.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience
Your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs
To improve our website
We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you
To improve customer service
Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs
Third Party Privacy Policies
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. www.ultimaterugby.com's privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites. You may find a comprehensive listing of these privacy policies and their links here:
Privacy Policy Links
.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers' respective websites.
What Are Cookies?
Children's Information
We believe it is important to provide added protection for children online. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children to observe, participate in and/or monitor and guide their online activity. www.ultimaterugby.com does not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian believes that www.ultimaterugby.com has in its database the personally-identifiable information of a child under the age of 13, please contact us immediately (using the contact in the first paragraph) and we will use our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This privacy policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website and apps regarding information shared and/or collected there. This policy does not apply to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website or app.
Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our privacy policy and agree to its terms.
By using the app, you hereby consent to our privacy policy and agree to its terms.
By signing in via Facebook to the app, you hereby consent to our privacy policy and agree to its terms.
By joining Ultimate Rugby+ through an iTunes or Play Store subscription, you hereby consent to our privacy policy and agree to its terms.
Right To Be Forgotten
Due to new EU GDPR laws that were implemented on the 25th of May 2018, you have now have the complete right to have your data removed from our databases on request.
If you wish to have any of your data collected by Ultimate Rugby please contact
support@ultimaterugby.com
with your request and we will complete the request within 48 hours.
Third-parties
Please see our list of verified third party advertisers below, along with a link to each individual privacy and opt out policy.
Adform
Privacy Policy / Opt Out
Adobe
Privacy Policy / Opt Out
AppNexus
Privacy Policy / Opt Out
Celtra
Privacy Policy / Opt Out
DoubleVerify
Privacy Policy / Opt Out
Flashtalking
Privacy Policy / Opt Out
Google Inc
Privacy Policy / Opt Out
G-skinner
Privacy Policy / Opt Out
IAS
Privacy Policy / Opt Out
Moat
Privacy Policy / Opt Out
Nielsen
Privacy Policy / Opt Out
OpenX
Privacy Policy / Opt Out
Outbrain
Privacy Policy / Opt Out
Oath
Privacy Policy / Opt Out
Pubmatic
Privacy Policy / Opt Out
Quantcast
Privacy Policy / Opt Out
Rubicon
Privacy Policy / Opt Out
Sizmek
Privacy Policy / Opt Out
Sovrn
Privacy Policy / Opt Out
TheTradeDesk
Privacy Policy / Opt Out
Unruly
Privacy Policy / Opt Out
Update
This Privacy Policy was last updated on: May 25th, 2018
Should we update, amend or make any changes to our privacy policy, those changes will be posted here.
Never miss a try, transfer or tackle!
Get the App Now!
Open in the app
Continue to site
×
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Advertising
Advertising keeps Google and many of the websites and services you use free of charge. We work hard to make sure that ads are safe, unobtrusive, and as relevant as possible. For example, you won’t see pop-up ads on Google, and we terminate the accounts of hundreds of thousands of publishers and advertisers that violate our policies each year – including ads containing malware, ads for counterfeit goods, or ads that attempt to misuse your personal information.
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses cookies in advertising
Cookies help to make advertising more effective. Without cookies, it’s harder for an advertiser to reach its audience, or to know how many ads were shown and how many clicks they received.
Many websites, such as news sites and blogs, partner with Google to show ads to their visitors. Working with our partners, we may use cookies for a number of purposes, such as to stop you from seeing the same ad over and over again, to detect and stop click fraud, and to show ads that are likely to be more relevant (such as ads based on websites you have visited).
We store a record of the ads we serve in our logs. These
server logs
typically include your web request, IP address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or, if you are signed-in, that may uniquely identify you. We store this data for a number of reasons, the most important of which are to improve our services and to maintain the security of our systems. We anonymize this log data by removing part of the IP address (after 9 months) and cookie information (after 18 months).
Our advertising cookies
To help our partners manage their advertising and websites, we offer many products, including AdSense, AdWords, Google Analytics, and a range of DoubleClick-branded services. When you visit a page or see an ad that uses one of these products, either on Google services or on other sites and apps, various cookies may be sent to your browser.
These may be set from a few different domains, including google.com, doubleclick.net, googlesyndication.com, or googleadservices.com, or the domain of our partners’ sites. Some of our advertising products enable our partners to use other services in conjunction with ours (like an ad measurement and reporting service), and these services may send their own cookies to your browser. These cookies will be set from their domains.
See more detail about the
types of cookies used by Google
and our partners and
how we use them
.
How you can control advertising cookies
You can use
ad settings
to manage the Google ads you see and turn off personalized ads. Even if you turn off personalized ads, you may still see ads based on factors such as your general location derived from your IP address, your browser type, and your search terms.
You can also manage many companies’ cookies used for online advertising via the consumer choice tools created under self-regulation programs in many countries, such as the US-based
aboutads.info choices
page or the EU-based
Your Online Choices
.
Finally, you can
manage cookies in your web browser
.
Other technologies used in advertising
Google’s advertising systems may use other technologies, including Flash and HTML5, for functions like display of interactive ad formats. We may use the
IP address
, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also select advertising based on information about your computer or device, such as the time and date, your device model, browser type, or sensors in your device like the accelerometer.
Location
Google’s ad products may receive or infer information about your location from a variety of sources. For example, we may use the IP address to identify your general location; we may receive precise location from your mobile device; we may infer your location from your search queries; and websites or apps that you use may send information about your location to us.  Google uses location information in our ads products to infer demographic information, to improve the relevance of the ads you see, to measure ad performance and to report aggregate statistics to advertisers.
Advertising identifiers for mobile apps
To serve ads in services where cookie technology may not be available (for example, in mobile applications), we may use technologies that perform similar functions to cookies. Sometimes Google links the identifier used for advertising on mobile applications to an advertising cookie on the same device in order to coordinate ads across your mobile apps and mobile browser. This can happen, for example, when you see an ad within an app that launches a web page in your mobile browser. This also helps us improve the reports we give to our advertisers on the effectiveness of their campaigns.
Ads you see on your device may be personalized based on its Advertising ID. On Android devices, you can:
Reset your device’s advertising ID
, which replaces the current ID with a new one. Apps can still show you personalized ads, but for a while they may not be as relevant or interesting to you.
Delete your device’s advertising ID
, which deletes the advertising ID and doesn't assign a new one. Apps can still show you ads, but they may not be as relevant or interesting to you. You won't see ads based on this advertising ID, but you may still see ads based on other factors, like the information you’ve shared with apps.
To make changes to the advertising ID on your Android device, follow the instructions below.
Android
Reset your device’s advertising ID
To reset your device’s advertising ID:
On your Android device, go to
Settings
.
Tap
Privacy
>
Ads
.
Tap
Reset advertising ID
and confirm your changes.
Delete your device’s advertising ID
To delete your device’s advertising ID:
On your Android device, go to
Settings
.
Tap
Privacy
>
Ads
.
Tap
Delete advertising ID
and confirm your changes.
Your advertising ID will be reset or deleted, but apps may have their own settings using other types of identifiers, which can also affect the types of ads you see.
On some older versions of Android
If your Android device’s version is 4.4 or older:
Open
Settings
Tap
Privacy
>
Advanced
>
Ads
Turn on
Opt out of Ads Personalization
and confirm your changes.
iOS
Devices with iOS use Apple’s Advertising Identifier. To learn more about your choices for use of this identifier, visit the
Settings
app on your device.
Connected TV/Over-the-Top
Advertising identifiers for connected TV
Connected TVs are another area where cookie technology is not available, and, instead, Google will rely on device identifiers designed for use in advertising to serve ads. Many connected TV devices support an identifier for advertising that is similar in function to mobile device identifiers. These identifiers are built to give users the option to reset them or to opt out of personalized advertising entirely.
The following “Ads” settings are available on TVs with the following consistent language:
Reset advertising ID
Delete advertising ID
Opt out of Ads Personalization (on or off)
Ads by Google (links to About Google ad personalization)
Your advertising ID (long string)
These Ads settings are available in the following paths on Google TV and Android TV respectively.
Google TV
Consistent path to Ads:
Settings
Privacy
Ads
Android TV
Ads settings show up in one of two general paths for Android TV depending on the TV manufacturer/model. In Android TV, partners have the freedom to adapt the Settings path. It’s up to the partner which path they use to best fit their custom TV experience but below are the common paths to Ad settings.
Path A:
Settings
About
Legal Information
Ads
Path B:
Settings
Devices Preferences
About
Legal Information
Ads
Non-Google Devices
Many connected TV devices support identifiers for advertising and offer ways for users to opt out of personalized advertising. A full list of those devices, and ways users can opt out, is kept updated on the Network Advertising Initiative’s website here:
https://thenai.org/opt-out/connected-tv-choices/
.
What determines the ads by Google that I see?
Many decisions are made to determine which ad you see.
Sometimes the ad you see is based on your current or past location. Your IP address is usually a good indication of your approximate location. So you might see an ad on the homepage of YouTube.com that promotes a forthcoming movie in your country, or a search for ‘pizza’ might return results for pizza places in your town.
Sometimes the ad you see is based on the context of a page. If you’re looking at a page of gardening tips, you might see ads for gardening equipment.
Sometimes you might also see an ad on the web that’s based on your app activity or activity on Google services; an in-app ad that’s based on your web activity; or an ad based on your activity on another device.
Sometimes the ad you see on a page is served by Google but selected by another company. For example, you might have registered with a newspaper website. From information you’ve given the newspaper, it can make decisions about which ads to show you, and it can use Google’s ad serving products to deliver those ads.
The ad you see on a household device, such as a connected TV (such as a Smart TV), may be related to the web or app activity from devices within the same household.
You may also see ads on Google products and services, including Search, Gmail, and YouTube, based on information, such as your email address, that you provided to advertisers and the advertisers then shared with Google.
Why am I seeing ads by Google for products I’ve viewed?
You may see ads for products you previously viewed. Let’s suppose you visit a website that sells golf clubs, but you don’t buy those clubs on your first visit. The website owner might want to encourage you to return and complete your purchase. Google offers services that let website operators target their ads to people who visited their pages.
For this to work, Google either reads a cookie that’s already in your browser or places a cookie in your browser when you visit the golfing site (assuming your browser lets this happen).
When you visit another site that works with Google, which may have nothing to do with golfing, you might see an ad for those golf clubs. That’s because your browser sends Google the same cookie. In turn, we may use that cookie to serve you an ad that could encourage you to buy those golf clubs.
Your visit to the golfing site may also be used by Google to show you personalized ads when you later search for golf clubs on Google.
We do have restrictions on this type of ad. For example, we prohibit advertisers from selecting an audience based on sensitive information, such as health information or religious beliefs.
Learn more about
Google ads
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Sub-policy 1
http://www.privacypolicyonline.com/privacy-policies:
Free Generators
Privacy Policy Generator
Terms & Conditions Generator
Disclaimer Generator
Blog
What Is A Privacy Policy?
Sample Privacy Policy Template
Sample Terms and Conditions Template
Privacy Policy for Landing Page
GPDR
CCPA Cookies
DMCA
COPPA Law (Full Text)
What Are Cookies?
Flash Cookies
Online Privacy Videos
W3C Privacy Policy Standard
Refund Policy for SaaS
Where to Add Privacy Policy
What Makes a Good Privacy Policy?
SaaS Agreement
What to Include in T&Cs
Canada CWTA Messaging Compliance
Why Your Privacy Policy Needs to Mirror Your Privacy Practices
About
FAQs
Welcome to
Privacy Policy Online.
Welcome to Privacy Policy Online. Here you can generate your own Privacy Policy to comply with
                        international laws on user data privacy (CCPA, CalOPPA, GDPR) and the requirements of leading
                        Advertising and Affiliate Networks, such as Google AdSense or Commission Junction.
On our site you will find not only a generator for quickly and easily generating a Privacy Policy
                        for your sites, but also find many other resources for complying with regulations and learning
                        more about Privacy Policies.
New
Terms & Conditions +
                        Disclaimer Generators are now available.
↓
Privacy Policy
Generator
Use this simple web form to generate a Privacy Policy document for your website.
Generate Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Generator
Use this simple web form to generate a Terms & Conditions document for your website.
Generate Terms & Conditions
Disclaimer
Generator
Use this simple web form to generate a Disclaimer document for your website.
Generate Disclaimer
Blog
What Is A Privacy Policy?
A Privacy Policy is a legal document that discloses some or all of the ways a website gathers, uses, shares, discloses and/or manages a website visitor's data.
Learn More
Sample Privacy Policy Template
We have gotten many requests for a standard Privacy Policy Template, so here it is! Simply replace the bracketed fields with your own information. Voilà!
Learn More
What Are Cookies?
Also known as browser cookies or tracking cookies, cookies are small, usually encrypted text files, located in your browser's directory.
Learn More
Sub-policy 2
http://www.privacypolicyonline.com/privacy-policy-links:
Free Generators
Privacy Policy Generator
Terms & Conditions Generator
Disclaimer Generator
Blog
What Is A Privacy Policy?
Sample Privacy Policy Template
Sample Terms and Conditions Template
Privacy Policy for Landing Page
GPDR
CCPA Cookies
DMCA
COPPA Law (Full Text)
What Are Cookies?
Flash Cookies
Online Privacy Videos
W3C Privacy Policy Standard
Refund Policy for SaaS
Where to Add Privacy Policy
What Makes a Good Privacy Policy?
SaaS Agreement
What to Include in T&Cs
Canada CWTA Messaging Compliance
Why Your Privacy Policy Needs to Mirror Your Privacy Practices
About
FAQs
Privacy Policy Links
Some of the leading sites used to monetize websites are linked on this page, where you can view each of their respective Privacy Policies.
Click on any of the links below to open the corresponding privacy center for each of these popular online advertising partners. You may add these links to your page if you like, by simple generating the HTML using our
privacy link generator
.
Google
Amazon
Yahoo!
Commission Junction
Clickbank
Chitika
Adbrite
Azoogle
Trade Doubler
Kontera
Linkshare
Sub-policy 3
https://site.adform.com/privacy-center/platform-privacy/:
Contact Us
For Advertisers
Adform FLOW
Your seamless media buying platform for omnichannel advertising
Demand Side Platform
Buy and manage your digital advertising with greater precision
Ad Server
Host, centralize, and track your ads across all digital channels
Data Management Platform
Centralize, organize, manage and utilize your data effectively
Identity
Unlock up to 40% incremental reach with first-party IDs
Omnichannel Activation
Integrate your digital and CTV buying with true omnichannel buying, measurement, and activation
Carbon Reduction
Run effective campaigns while reducing your carbon footprint
Retail Media
Turnkey solution for retailers covering onsite, offsite, instore and sponsored listings
For Publishers
Supply Side Platform
Monetize inventory, optimize revenue, and improve your ad sales
Publisher Ad Server
Host, manage, and organize your ad inventory
Data Management Platform for Publishers
Centralize, organize, manage, and utilizing your data effectively
Resources
Resources
Stay up to date on the latest in adtech with deep insights and thought leadership
Client Stories
Real world inspiration on strategies and tactics that deliver results
Newsroom
Stay up to date with the latest official news, press releases, and blog posts
Adtech Cafe
A series of conversations about the state of adtech enjoyed over a cup of coffee at the Adtech Café
Meet the Game Changers
Hear how our clients used Adform to change the game and improve their business results
Creative Showroom
Discover and get inspired by some of the best creative executions for digital advertising
Careers
Careers at Adform
Adform Engineers
Meet the Adformers
Why Adform
Careers
Log In
Contact Us
Overview
GDPR
US State Privacy Laws
Platform Privacy
Corporate Privacy
Website Privacy
Adform Cookies
GDPR Related Platform Features
Data Subject Rights
Adform Product and Services Privacy Policy
Adform's commitment to product-based personal data processing and control
Read more
GDPR Related Platform Features
Explore GDPR related platform features
Read More
Transparency and Consent Framework (TCF) Compliance
Read More
Data Protection Guidance
Joint Data Processing provisions for Adform Products and Services
Read more
Sub-policy 4
https://www.adobe.com/ie/privacy/policy.html:
Adobe Privacy Policy
Last updated: 14 February 2024
The Adobe Privacy Policy describes the privacy practices of Adobe’s Services and Software (as defined in our General
Terms of Use)
and anywhere we display or reference this policy.
If you are a resident of North America, your relationship is with Adobe Inc. (Adobe U.S.) and the laws of California and the United States apply.
If you reside outside of North America, your relationship is with Adobe Systems Software Ireland Limited (Adobe Ireland), which is the controller with regard to your personal information collected by Adobe and the laws of Ireland apply.
Please note that in order to use our Services and Software, you acknowledge that Adobe will transfer your personal information across national borders and to other countries where Adobe and its partners and providers operate, including the United States. The privacy protections and rights of authorities to access your information in these countries may not be equivalent to those in your country. We will only transfer your personal information to these countries where permitted to do so by law and we will take steps intended to ensure that your personal information continues to receive appropriate protections. For more information, please see the section “
Does Adobe transfer my personal information across national borders?
”
If the content or information that you store in Adobe Services and Software contains personal information of other individuals, you must be legally permitted to disclose the personal information to Adobe.
Summary of Key Points
Where your consent is required, we will obtain your permission before (i) sending you news and promotional material about Adobe; (ii) accessing information stored on your device relating to your use of, and engagement with, Services and Software (e.g., Adobe Connect meetings) and crash reports; and (iii) analysing your content. You can withdraw your consent to such activities at any time.
Learn more
.
This policy explains when we process personal information for our legitimate interests. You can ask us to stop processing this information.
Learn more about your rights and how you can exercise them
.
We use your personal information to enable you to register with Adobe and to provide you with our Services and Software and other products or services that you request.
Learn more
.
We provide interactive features that engage with social media sites, such as Facebook. If you use these features, these sites will send us personal information about you.
Learn more
.
We use cookies and other technologies to track the use of our Services and Software. To learn about opportunities to choose not to allow cookies, click
here
. If you are using our website in a browser, this information is also available in our
Cookies Policy
.
There are several places within Adobe’s Services and Software that allow you to post comments, upload pictures or submit content which will be publicly available where you choose to participate in these activities. We also disclose personal information to other companies in the Adobe family and with advertising and sales partners consistent with your choices. We also disclose information with third parties we engage to process personal information on our behalf or when such sharing is required by law or in certain other situations.
Learn more
.
We transfer your personal information to the US and other countries, which may be outside the country in which you live. We use government-approved contractual clauses such as European Commission approved Standard Contractual Clauses to help protect your personal information.
Learn more
.
What does this privacy policy cover?
What information does Adobe collect about me?
How does Adobe use the information it collects about me and what are the legal bases for these uses?
Does Adobe disclose my personal information to others?
Is my personal information displayed anywhere within Adobe's apps or websites
?
Is my personal information secure?
Where does Adobe store my personal information?
Does Adobe transfer my personal information across national borders?
What rights have I got regarding my personal information and how can I exercise these?
What rights have I got in my state?
Withdrawing consent or otherwise objecting to direct marketing
What information is collected by companies using Adobe Experience Cloud solutions?
How long does Adobe retain my information?
Can children use Adobe websites and apps?
Will this privacy policy change?
Who can I contact with questions or concerns?
What does this privacy policy cover?
This privacy policy describes how Adobe (also referred to as "we," "us" or "our") will make use of your information in the context of:
Adobe websites; web-based services such as Behance; and web-based aspects of the Creative Cloud, Document Cloud and Experience Cloud (together referred to as "websites");
Services that display or include a reference to this policy;
Adobe’s marketing, sales and advertising practices; and
The privacy practices of previously acquired companies, unless otherwise noted here.
Please note that websites and apps provided by some companies acquired by Adobe may operate under their own privacy policies until their privacy practices are integrated with Adobe's privacy practices. For a current list of these companies, click
here
. Additional privacy-related information for certain Adobe Services and Software can be found in the table below:
Please also see the
Adobe Terms of Use
and any additional Terms of Use or
Product Licence Agreements
that may apply to the Services and Software you are using.
What information does Adobe collect about me?
Adobe ID, registration and customer support
When you register to use an Adobe Service, create an Adobe ID, purchase a licence to our Services and Software or contact us for support or other offerings, Adobe collects information that identifies you. This includes:
Identifiers and contact information, such as:
Name;
Email address;
Telephone number;
Postal or Physical Address;
Country;
Commercial and transaction information, such as:
Payment/billing information (where an app or website is 'paid for');
Licences purchased;
Eligibility information (e.g., student or teacher identification for student and teacher editions of apps);
Content of and information provided through customer support and other communications (e.g., recorded customer and technical support calls and stored content of your correspondence with us via our website, chat features, phone and video calls, emails and other channels);
Types of Services and Software of interest.
Professional, education or other demographic information, such as:
Date of birth;
Company or school name;
Title;
Occupation;
Job function;
Expertise;
Company details, such as the size, industry and other information about the company where a user may work (when the user has provided the company name);
Analytics or other electronic network activity, such as:
IP address;
Browser;
Mobile Device ID;
Browser extensions connected to your Adobe accounts.
Inferred Information
To help keep our databases current and to provide you the most relevant content and experiences, we may infer or generate information based on the information we collect or combine information provided by you with information from third party sources, in accordance with applicable law.  For example, the size, industry and other information about the company you work for (where you have provided company name) will be obtained from sources including, professional networking sites and information service providers.  We may also infer, generate or collect and receive information from third parties, including partners and from publicly accessible sources, for purposes that include to detect, prevent or otherwise address fraudulent, deceptive or illegal activity, misuse of our Services and Software, security or technical issues, as well as to protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Adobe and our employees, our users, children or the public.
Adobe Services and Software
We collect information you provide to us (e.g., when you access and use our Services and Software) or permit us to collect (e.g., as part of a third-party integration). We also collect or generate information about how you access and use our Services and Software, including when you use a desktop or mobile app feature that takes you online (such as a photo syncing feature). Depending on the Services and Software you access and use, this information may be associated with your device or browser or it may be associated with your Adobe account or content. It includes:
Analytics or other electronic network activity, such as:
IP address;
Browser and device information, including browser and device type, settings, unique identifiers, version, language settings and configuration;
Webpage that led you to an Adobe website;
Search terms entered into a search engine which led you to an Adobe website;
Use and navigation of Services and Software, including how you interact with Adobe websites (collected through cookies and similar technologies or by Adobe servers when you are logged into the app or website);
Analysis of your use and navigation of the Services and Software as well as your content
Professional, Education or other demographic information, such as:
Profile information (e.g., account profile, public profile, Behance profile).
Commercial and transaction information, such as:
Content that includes personal information which is sent or received using an online feature of Adobe Services and Software or which is stored on Adobe servers, such as documents, photos, videos, activity logs, direct feedback from you, metadata about your content, user generated requests such as search terms, prompts (e.g., text, images, videos, audio etc.), enquiries, feedback and other information you may disclose when you access or use our Services and Software as well as any information the Services and Software returns in response to such requests.
Sensitive personal information, such as:
Biometric identifiers or information as defined under US laws (e.g., faceprints and voiceprints from your user Content, as defined in the
Adobe General Terms of Use
) and precise geolocation. Where required by law, we will seek any required permissions from you prior to any such collection. See the "Adobe acting on your behalf" and "How we analyse your content to deliver features requested by you" sections below for more information.
The following links provide further information on:
Adobe product improvement programme
;
Creative Cloud, Document Cloud and Substance App Diagnostic and Usage Information FAQs
Experience Cloud usage information FAQs
;
Adobe Genuine Software
Your
privacy choices
regarding how we use this information;
Adobe products and services licensed by
educational institutions
;
How Adobe uses
cookies and similar technologies
; and
How Adobe
analyses your content
using techniques such as machine learning in order to improve our Services and Software and how to
opt out
of this.
Adobe Software activation and automatic updates
When you activate your Adobe Software or when you install updates to the Software, we collect analytics or other electronic network activity information, such as: your device (manufacturer, model, IP address);
the Adobe Software (version, date of activation, successful and unsuccessful updates);
your product serial number (e.g., where this is required before you can start using your product).
You can learn more about app activation
here
.
Adobe emails
Emails we send you may include a technology (called a
web beacon
) that collects Analytics or other electronic network activity, such as whether you have received or opened the email or clicked a link in the email. If you do not want us to collect this information, you can
opt out of receiving Adobe marketing emails
.
Adobe online advertising
Adobe advertises online in a variety of ways, including displaying Adobe ads to you on other companies' websites and apps and on social media platforms, such as Facebook and LinkedIn. Adobe websites use cookies, pixels and similar technologies provided by our own company (
Adobe Experience Cloud
) and other companies that allow us to gather additional information to measure and improve the effectiveness of our advertising. We collect Analytics or other electronic network activity information such as:
Which ads are displayed;
Which ads are clicked; and
Where the ad was displayed.
Learn more about
Adobe’s advertising practices
.
Buttons, tools and content from other companies
Adobe Services and Software may include buttons, tools or content that link to other companies’ services (for example, a Facebook "Like" button). We may collect information about your use of these features, such as content “liked” and address information in Google Maps. In addition, when you see or interact with these buttons, tools or content or view an Adobe web page or app containing them, some information from your browser may automatically be sent to the other company. Please read that company’s privacy policy for more information.
Adobe websites may implement Google reCAPTCHA Enterprise to help prevent spam and abuse. reCAPTCHA Enterprise collects hardware and software information, such as device and application data and sends it to Google for purposes of providing, maintaining and improving reCAPTCHA Enterprise and for general security purposes.
Your use of reCAPTCHA Enterprise is subject to Google’s
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Use
.
Adobe social networking pages and social sign-on services
You can sign into some Adobe Services and Software using a social networking account, such as a Facebook account. Where you give appropriate permissions, we will receive contact and identifier information about you from your social networking account, such as name, country and basic demographic information.
Adobe has its own pages on many social networking sites (for example, the Adobe® Photoshop® team’s Facebook page). We will collect information which you have made publicly available on your social networking account, such as name and interests in our products and services, when you interact with our social networking pages. The social networking sites may provide statistics and insights to Adobe which help us to understand the types of actions that people take on our pages. Where applicable, Adobe and the social media site(s) have entered into an arrangement which determines our respective responsibilities.
You can learn more about Adobe’s practices with respect to social networking pages and account sign-on services
here
.
Adobe acting on your behalf
In certain instances, Adobe is acting only on your behalf for personal information collected and processed by our services (for example, for the address book contacts shared by users when entering recipient information). In such cases, Adobe is acting only on your instructions in order to facilitate the Service requested by you and you will be responsible for the information shared. In these instances, we will inform you through in-app notifications or other in-time communications. If you submit any information relating to other people to us or to our service providers in connection with your use of Adobe apps or websites, you represent that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use the information in accordance with this policy.
How we analyse your content to deliver features requested by you
Adobe offers certain features that let you edit and organise your photographs, videos and other types of content using characteristics like face and voice (e.g., you can group similar faces, places and image characteristics within your collection) and such characteristics may be considered biometric identifiers or biometric information under certain US laws or other applicable privacy laws. When you choose to use these features, Adobe is acting only on your instructions in order to facilitate the service requested by you. These features are off by default and, should you choose to enable them, you can always disable these features. Where we process biometric identifiers or biometric information to deliver a feature requested by you, we delete this information once you turn off the feature, unless otherwise specified in the Software or Services.
Visiting our Physical Offices
When you visit an Adobe office, we will collect Identifiers and Contact information such as your name, company name and email address; and Audio, electronic, visual or similar information including facial images and voice information such as from CCTV video or voice recordings and photos.
How does Adobe use the information it collects about you and what are the legal bases for these uses?
Adobe uses the information we collect about you for the following purposes:
To fulfil a contract or take steps linked to a contract: this is relevant where you register to use an Adobe app or website (whether paid or as a free trial). This includes:
Providing you with the Adobe Services and Software for which you have registered and any other services or products that you have requested;
Administering product or platform skill/knowledge courses and other content, including testing and certifications (as applicable);
Verifying your identity;
Processing payments;
Sending you necessary communications (for example, related to payments or expiration of your subscription); and
Providing customer service or support.
As required by Adobe to conduct our business and pursue our legitimate interests, in particular:
Providing you with the Adobe Services and Software for which you have registered and any other products and services you have requested;
Analysing your use and measuring effectiveness of our Services and Software, including recordings, to better understand how they are being used so we can improve them and engage and retain users;
Sending you information about Adobe products and services, special offers and similar information and sharing your information with third parties for their own marketing purposes (where your consent is not required);
Analysing your use and navigation of our Services and Software, your content, your profile information and your interaction with our communications, through both automated (e.g., machine learning) and manual methods to tailor, customise and improve the Services and Software and marketing communications (
learn more
) (where your consent is not required);
Analysing your use and navigation of our Services and Software, as well as your content and metadata about your content through both automated (e.g., machine learning) and manual methods to:
Detect and prevent fraudulent, deceptive or, illegal activity or misuse of our Services and Software (where your consent is not required)
Improve our Services and Software and the user experience (where your consent is not required and subject to settings we may provide you, including those described
here
);
Diagnosing problems in our Services and Software;
Detecting, preventing or otherwise addressing fraudulent, deceptive or illegal activity and misuse of Services and Software, security or technical issues, as well as protecting against harm to the rights, property or safety of Adobe, our users or the public;
Conducting surveys and market research about our customers, their interests, the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns and customer satisfaction (unless we need consent to undertake such surveys, in which case we will only do this with your permission);
Investigating and responding to any comments or complaints that you may send us;
Checking the validity of the sort code, account number and card number you submit if you use a credit or debit card for payment, in order to prevent payment fraud or other illegal or deceptive payment practices (we use third parties for this - see “Does Adobe disclose my personal information to others?” below);
Sharing account information registered under a business email address with employers for account migration purposes;
Combining with other data we may have about how you interacted with our products and services when logged out or logged in, in order to provide a more seamless experience, show you the most relevant content and services and for marketing purposes, with your consent where required;
If we merge with or are acquired by another company, sell an Adobe website, app or business unit or if all or a substantial portion of our assets are acquired by another company, your information will likely be disclosed to the prospective purchaser, our advisers and any other prospective purchaser's advisers and will be one of the assets that is transferred to the new owner; and
In connection with legal claims, compliance, regulatory and investigative purposes as necessary (including disclosure of information in connection with government agency requests, legal process or litigation).
Where we process your information based on legitimate interests, you can object to this processing in certain circumstances. In such cases, we will cease processing information unless we have compelling legitimate grounds to continue processing or where it is needed for legal reasons.
If legitimate interest is not an available legal basis in a particular jurisdiction, we will engage in the processing activities described above on a legal basis that is available in that particular jurisdiction.
Where required, when you give Adobe your consent or otherwise consistent with your choices:
Sending you information about Adobe products and services, special offers and similar information and sharing your information with third parties for their own marketing purposes;
Placing cookies and using similar technologies in our Services and Software and in email communications, in accordance with our
Cookies Policy
and the information provided to you when those technologies are used;
Accessing information stored on your device relating to your use of, and engagement with, Services and Software (e.g., Adobe Connect meetings) and crash reports;
Accessing information stored on your device which you allow us to receive through device-based settings (e.g., photos, location and camera) in order to provide certain functionality within our Services and Software;
Analysing your use and navigation of the Services and Software or your content (including metadata about your content) using techniques such as machine learning in order to detect and prevent fraudulent, deceptive or illegal activity or misuse of the Services and Software and improve our services and the user experience; and
Allowing you to participate in sweepstakes, contests and similar promotions and to administer these activities.
On other occasions where we ask you for consent, we will use the information for the purposes which we explain at that time. Where we rely on consent to process information, you can withdraw your consent to such activities at any time.
For legal reasons:
Responding to requests by government or law enforcement authorities conducting an investigation.
Using or disclosing information as reasonably necessary to detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security, potential deceptive or illegal activities, misuse of Services and Software or technical issues and software piracy (e.g., to confirm that software is genuine and properly licensed), helping to protect you as well as Adobe.
Where this processing and these disclosures are not strictly required by law, Adobe may rely on its legitimate interests, where available and those of third parties described above.
Does Adobe disclose my personal information to others?
Disclosing to other Data Controllers
We will disclose your personal information within the Adobe family of companies for the purposes identified above (see a list of
Adobe entities
and our
acquired companies
).
We will also disclose your personal information with other third-party data controllers with your consent (where necessary) or to provide any product or service you have requested (e.g., third-party integrations). The types of third parties your information may be disclosed to include: our resellers and other sales and advertising partners, retailers, advertisers, advertising agencies, advertising networks and platforms, information service providers, fraud monitoring and prevention providers and publishers. In some cases, in order to show you more relevant ads, we disclose with social media platforms and other advertising partners, information about actions you take on our websites and apps, such as which pages you visit and which ads you saw. These parties may be joint controllers for this processing. More information is available
here
.
Third-party data controllers may also use Adobe products and services to collect and process your personal information. If you are using an email address that is associated with a business domain (e.g., yourname@businessname.com) to access Adobe's Services and Software or if you were invited to use the Services and Software by a business, we may provide your personal information to that business.
Disclosing for Fraud Prevention, Safety and Security Purposes
We will disclose personal information to companies that help us to run our business to detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, deception, illegal activity, misuse of Adobe Services and Software and security or technical issues.
Additionally, we will disclose personal information to companies, organisations, government authorities or individuals outside of Adobe if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to detect, prevent or protect against such fraudulent, deceptive or illegal activity, misuse of our Services and Software or security or technical issues or where it is reasonably necessary to protect from harm the rights, property or safety of Adobe and our employees, our users, children or the public as required or permitted by law.
Disclosing to Data Processors
We will also disclose your personal information to companies that help us to run our business by processing personal information on behalf of Adobe for the purposes identified above. Such companies (including those that may record or store communications) include providers of customer support services, chatbots, session replay partners who provide services which recreate a web or app session showing meaningful insight into a visitor’s experience, providers of analytics technologies that record and analyse your interaction with our websites to help us to improve your experience, providers of artificial intelligence technologies that record and analyse your content or communications, payment processing services, fraud monitoring and prevention, detecting and preventing deceptive or illegal activity or misuse of our Services and Software, email, social media and other marketing platforms and service providers and hosting services. We require these companies to protect your personal information consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Other Information Disclosure
Adobe may also disclose your personal information:
When you agree to the disclosure;
When we have a good faith belief that we are required to provide information in response to a subpoena, court order or other applicable law or legal process (
learn more
) or to respond to an emergency involving the danger of death or serious bodily harm;
If we merge with or are acquired by another company, sell an Adobe website, app or business unit or if all or a substantial portion of our assets are acquired by another company, your information will likely be disclosed to the prospective purchaser, our advisers and any prospective purchaser's advisers and will be one of the assets that is transferred to the new owner.
We may disclose or publish aggregate information that doesn’t specifically identify you, such as statistical information about visitors to our websites or statistical information about how customers
use the Adobe Experience Cloud
.
Is my personal information displayed anywhere on Adobe’s websites or applications?
There are several places within Adobe’s Services and Software that allow you to post comments, upload pictures, participate in message boards or chats, engage with blogs, share technical information or submit other content for others to see. Sometimes you can limit who can see what you share, but there are some places where what you share can be seen by the general public or other users of the service. Such information can appear in search engine results or through other publicly available platforms and can be “crawled” or searched by third parties. For example, when users post content on message boards, online chats, blogs and Community Forums, the information posted by the user will become public. Some online content may remain accessible publicly even after Adobe fulfils a request to delete the poster’s personal information.
Please be careful when you share your personal information. Do not share anything you wouldn’t want publicly known unless you are sure you are posting it within an app or website that allows you to control who sees what you post. Please note that when you post messages on certain user forums on our websites and app, your email address or name and/or profile photo may be included and displayed with your message. You can find more information about managing your public profile
here
. To remove content you have shared on our Services and Software, please use the same feature you used to share the content. If another user invites you to participate in shared viewing, editing or commenting of content, you may be able to delete your contributions, but usually the user who invited you has full control. If you have questions or concerns about this, please
contact us
.
Is my personal information secure?
We work hard to protect your personal information. We employ administrative, technical and physical security controls where appropriate, such as encryption, 2-step verification and appropriate contractual confidentiality obligations for employees and contractors.
Where does Adobe store my personal information?
Your personal information and files are stored on Adobe’s servers and the servers of companies we engage to provide services to us.
Does Adobe transfer my personal information across national borders?
The main locations where we process your personal information are the US and India, but we also transfer personal information to all other countries in which Adobe or its affiliates, providers and partners operate. We carry out these transfers in compliance with applicable laws - for example, by putting data transfer agreements in place to help protect your personal information.
If you reside outside of North America, your relationship is with Adobe Ireland. Where Adobe Ireland transfers your personal information to a country which is not within the EEA and is not subject to an adequacy decision by the EU Commission, we rely on one or more of the following legal mechanisms: European Commission approved Standard Contractual Clauses and/or your consent in certain circumstances. A copy of the relevant mechanism can be provided for your review upon request, using the contact details provided at the end of this Privacy Policy. For more information about how Adobe Ireland transfers European personal information, please see
Cross-border data transfers
.
Adobe and its U.S. subsidiaries Marketo Inc, Magento (X-commerce, Inc) and Workfront Inc. comply with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Adobe has also certified to the US Department of Commerce that it adheres to EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF (as does its U.S. subsidiaries Marketo Inc, Magento (X-commerce, Inc) and Workfront Inc.). Adobe has also certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF (as does its U.S. subsidiaries Marketo Inc, Magento (X-commerce, Inc) and Workfront Inc.). If there is any conflict between the terms in this policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. Adobe’s commitments under the Data Privacy Framework are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the United States Federal Trade Commission. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework programme and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/
.
As set out above Adobe uses a limited number of third-party service providers to assist us in providing our services to our users and business customers. These third parties may access, process or store personal data in the course of providing their services. Adobe maintains contracts with these third parties restricting their access, use and disclosure of personal data in compliance with our Data Privacy Framework obligations, including the onward transfer provisions and Adobe remains liable if they fail to meet those obligations and Adobe is responsible for the event giving rise to the damage).
The information above applies to Adobe users who are consumers. More information is available for our business customers that want to learn more about
Cross-border data transfers
.
What rights have I got regarding my personal information and how can I exercise these rights?
When provided for by applicable law, you have the right to ask us for a copy of your personal information; to correct, delete or restrict (stop any active) processing of your personal information; and to obtain the personal information you provide to us for a contract or with your consent in a structured, machine readable format and to ask us to share (port) this information to another controller. You may be entitled to additional rights based on applicable data privacy laws in your jurisdiction.
In addition, you can object to the processing of your personal information in some circumstances (such as where we are using the information for direct marketing).
These rights may be limited, for example, if fulfilling your request would reveal personal information about another person or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law to keep or which we need to defend claims against us. In addition, Adobe websites recognise the Global Privacy Control available in some web browsers. If your browser is configured to send this signal, Adobe will opt you out of Adobe’s use of advertising cookies on that browser. You can learn more about Adobe’s
advertising practices
and your privacy choices
here
.
To exercise any of these rights (including deactivating your Adobe ID account), you can get in touch with us - or our data protection officer - using the details set out below. Additionally, many of our Services and Software allow you to edit your personal information by accessing the "
my account
," "my profile," or a similar feature of the service you are using. Likewise, you can delete files or photos you have stored in our Services and Software by logging in and using the deletion functions that are available.
If you have unresolved concerns, you have the right to report them to your local privacy regulator or data protection authority and, where applicable, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with Adobe Ireland's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission.
When you are asked to provide personal information, you may decline. And you may use web browser or operating system controls to prevent certain types of automatic data collection. But if you choose not to provide or allow information that is necessary for certain services or features, those services or features may not be available or fully functional. For example, to register with Adobe, to create an Adobe ID and to use some Adobe Services and Software, the provision of some information is mandatory: if relevant information is not provided, then we will not be able to administer an Adobe account to you or provide you with the Services and Software requested. Other optional information, if not provided, may affect our ability to provide a personalised experience or tailored content or offerings.
What rights have I got in my state?
In addition to the rights above, see
Additional US State Privacy Rights
for more information.
Withdrawing consent or otherwise objecting to direct marketing
The Adobe family of companies (see list of
Adobe entities
and our
acquired companies
) and companies we hire to help market our Services and Software on our behalf may use your information to provide you with information and offers related to Adobe.
Where we rely on your consent, you will always be able to withdraw that consent, although we may have other legal grounds for processing your information for other purposes, such as those set out above. In some cases, we are able to send you direct marketing without your consent, where we rely on our legitimate interests. You have an absolute right to opt-out of direct marketing or profiling we carry out for direct marketing, at any time by:
updating your preferences in your Adobe ID profile;
updating your preferences in your specific website or app accounts;
clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our marketing emails; or
contacting us using the details provided at the end of this privacy policy.
Click
here
for further information on your choices regarding our marketing practices.
What information is collected by companies using Adobe Experience Cloud solutions?
Adobe Experience Cloud solutions help our business customers personalise and improve the performance of their websites, apps and marketing messages. For example, these customers may use Adobe Experience Cloud solutions to collect and analyse information about how individuals use their websites (
learn more
). The information collected is stored in our services on behalf of and for use by these business customers.
How long does Adobe retain my information?
When you register for an account and create an Adobe ID, we process and keep most personal information we process on your behalf for as long as you are an active user of our Services and Software. We delete certain personal information we collect about you when we no longer have a business reason to retain it. Additionally, there is some personal information we need to retain even after you close your account to comply with business and legal requirements, such as personal information related to our contract and business transactions with you, which we retain for ten years after your last interaction with us.
Where we process personal information for marketing purposes or with your consent, we process the information until you ask us to stop and for a short period after this (to allow us to implement your requests). We also keep a permanent record of the fact that you have asked us not to send you direct marketing or to process your information so that we can respect your request in the future.
Can children use Adobe websites and apps?
Adobe Services and Software are not intended for children under the age of 13, except in limited situations where certain products, including Adobe Express and Creative Cloud All Apps, may be available to children for educational purposes under the direct supervision of a teacher. In these circumstances, Adobe is authorised to collect student data by the participating school, which has obtained appropriate consent, if needed.
Adobe’s Direct COPPA Notice
provides more information about the collection and use of student data.
All other Adobe Services and Software are not intended for use by children and certain products specifically prohibit users who are under a certain age. If you do not meet applicable age requirements, please do not use those Services and Software. If you are age 13 or over and meet applicable age requirements to use certain Services and Software, Adobe makes available
Privacy for Younger Users
page to provide information about our privacy practices in an age-appropriate format.
Will this privacy policy change?
Occasionally, we may update this privacy policy (or other documents in the Adobe Privacy Centre) to allow Adobe to accommodate new technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements or for other purposes. If we do, we will change the "last updated" date at the top of this policy and the revised policy will be posted to this page so that you are aware of the information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we may disclose it. We encourage you to periodically review the
Adobe Privacy Centre
for the latest information on our privacy practices. Under certain circumstances (for example with certain material changes or where it is required by applicable privacy laws) we will provide notice to you of these changes and, where required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent. Notice may be by email to you, by posting a notice of such changes on our Services and Software or by other means consistent with applicable law.
Who can I contact with questions or concerns?
If you have a privacy question, concern or request, please fill in a
privacy enquiry form
.
If you are outside North America, you can also get in touch with Adobe Ireland's data protection officer at
DPO@Adobe.com
or by postal mail at 4-6 Riverwalk, Citywest Business Park, Dublin 24, Ireland.
For practices that are covered by our
PRP Certification
, if you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
If you believe Adobe maintains your personal data in one of the services within the scope of our Data Privacy Framework certification, you may direct any enquiries or complaints concerning our Data Privacy Framework compliance by filling in our privacy enquiry form. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://www.ana.net/content/show/id/accountability-dpf-consumers
. If neither Adobe nor our dispute resolution provider resolves your complaint, you may have the possibility to engage in binding arbitration through the Data Privacy Framework Panel. For more information on this option, please see Annex I of the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles.
Language Navigation
Language Navigation
Choose your region
Selecting a region changes the language and/or content on Adobe.com.
Americas
Argentina
Brasil
Canada - English
Canada - Français
Chile
Colombia
Costa Rica
Ecuador
Guatemala
Latinoamérica
México
Perú
Puerto Rico
United States
Europe, Middle East and Africa
Africa - English
Belgium - English
Belgique - Français
België - Nederlands
България
Česká republika
Deutschland
Danmark
Eesti
Egypt - English
مصر - اللغة العربية
España
France
Greece - English
Ελλάδα
Ireland
Israel - English
ישראל - עברית
Italia
Kuwait - English
الكويت - اللغة العربية
Lietuva
Luxembourg - English
Luxembourg - Deutsch
Luxembourg - Français
Latvija
Middle East and North Africa - English
الشرق الأوسط وشمال أفريقيا - اللغة العربية
Magyarország
Nigeria
Nederland
Norge
Österreich
Россия
Polska
Portugal
Qatar - English
قطر - اللغة العربية
România
Saudi Arabia - English
المملكة العربية السعودية
Slovenija
Slovensko
South Africa
Sverige
Schweiz
Suisse
Svizzera
Suomi
Türkiye
United Kingdom
United Arab Emirates - English
الإمارات العربية المتحدة
Україна
Asia Pacific
Australia
中国
Hong Kong SAR of China
中國香港特別行政區
Indonesia - English
Indonesia
India - English
भारत
日本
한국
Malaysia - English
Malaysia
New Zealand
Philippines - English
Pilipinas
Singapore
Thailand - English
ประเทศไทย
台灣地區
Vietnam - English
Việt Nam
Locale Modalv2
We have detected you are visiting a different region on adobe.com
Ireland
Sub-policy 5
https://www.appnexus.com/en/company/platform-privacy-policy:
Microsoft Invest
Microsoft Invest is a demand-side platform built for the future of video advertising. With an integrated platform advantage and a focus on data-driven performance, Invest enables you to engage audiences on all screens and drive business results.
Sign up
Benefits of Microsoft Invest
Integrated Platform Advantage
Technology designed to maximize digital investments.
Data-Driven Performance
Intelligent, customizable data solutions that power campaign performance.
Built for the Future of Video
Enabling buyers to engage the audience – not the device.
Key features of Microsoft Invest
Deal buying
Exclusive audiences
Planner
Premium CTV
Deal buying from our Inventory library
An intuitive and graphics-based approach to deal discovery and activation, offering access to curated premium deal catalogs and more visibility into deal inventory than you’ve ever had before.
Discover exclusive curated catalogs created by premium data owners and available off-the-shelf to reach audiences at scale.
Exclusive audiences
Reach more than a billion
1
users with Microsoft’s valuable audiences, including millions you may not be reaching anywhere else.
Planner
Gain confidence in campaign planning, focusing on the data that matters to you before you go live.
Pairing Invest with Planner allows you to: plan cross-channel, boost digital investments, find the right audience and discover premium inventory, eliminate planning and buying silos.
Premium CTV marketplace, featuring Netflix
Engage audiences on all screens and drive business results by tapping into our marketplace for premium inventory, from our direct publishers on Monetize or through our robust integrations with all major SSPs​.
Case study
GroupM – Microsoft Audiences
The road to rave results: How GroupM powered a Continental Tires campaign leveraging Microsoft’s audience intelligence.
Learn more
Case study
Open up new advertising opportunities with Microsoft Invest
Existing customers are encouraged to reach out to their account managers.
Sign up
Frequently asked questions
End-to-end platform with a buy and sell-side tech infrastructure offering increased efficiency, such as 100% DSP-to-SSP match rates, campaign delivery stability, bid shading applied to all bids, and no discrepancy fees, allowing for competitive and transparent take-rates.
Ability for buyers to build custom bidding algorithms to replace or complement existing optimization, using our Data Science Toolkit.
Open and well-documented Enterprise APIs allow buyers to build their proprietary solution on top of our platform, using our robust log-level data offering.
Direct and expanded access to Curate’s deal library – including curated deals from external SSPs
A future-proof, multidimensional approach to solve identity.
Direct supply and far-reaching integrations with leading supply partners globally.
A buy and sell-side tech infrastructure that delivers 100% DSP-to-SSP match rates, campaign delivery stability, bid shading applied to all bids at no cost, and no discrepancy fees, allowing for competitive – and transparent – take-rates.
Expansive investments in supply chain transparency, in-house and partnered holistic brand safety solutions, and efficient supply strategy and decisioning through duplication analysis, harnessing years of data science and impression-level data analysis.
Flexible ways to transact through outcome-based buying, Programmatic Guaranteed, and sophisticated deal curation capabilities.
Microsoft Invest offers exclusive access to Microsoft’s in-market and demographic audience segments, to reach more than one billion users programmatically.
Microsoft Invest offers a range of intelligent and customizable data solutions to power campaign performance.
A choice of identity solutions that combine trusted consumer relationships, unique audiences and a flexible identity suite to help you reach the audiences that matter.
Exclusive privacy-safe consumer data sets, including search and web activity from Bing and our browser Microsoft Edge, LinkedIn professional profiles and demographics - to access highly engaged audiences and reach 1 billion users including millions you may not be reaching anywhere else.
Ability to activate advertiser first-party data and access tailored, detailed insights that will inform your buying strategy.
Support of major industry ID solutions, in complement to first-party ID solutions to optimize campaign reach and precision.
Access to a data marketplace of more than 40+ global data partners to inform behavioral and contextual strategies.
More than a decade-long track record of powering advanced buyers with the most customizable enterprise solutions.
Out-of-the-box optimization and inventory recommendation powered by machine learning, along with intuitive UI-based customization options.
A Data Science toolkit provides unique tools to deploy custom bidding algorithms and measurement solutions tailored to business outcomes.
Invest has a variety of capabilities that enable you to engage the audience, not the device, helping you reach the goals that matter most.
Robust video and CTV feature set including video KPI optimization and reporting and video inventory recommendations to discover relevant premium video inventory to maximize the reach and performance of your campaigns.
Expansive CTV publisher supply and 3rd-party integrations with leading CTV partners to reach audiences on every screen.
Streamlined access to a wide range of Microsoft or third-party curated deals.
Increased functionality focused on getting campaigns running faster; troubleshooting and monitoring; expanded optimization and tailored reporting.
Flexible support offerings and services with ongoing support/troubleshooting for managed serviced, self-serve.
Training programs that include in-person training and E-learning curriculums.
[1] 2023 Microsoft Invest first-party data.
Xandr Platform Privacy Policies
Xandr Digital platform cookie policy
Xandr Political advertising
Your input makes us better
Take our quick 3-minute survey and help us transform your website experience.
Take survey
Dismiss
Sub-policy 6
https://www.celtra.com/privacy-policy/:
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Last updated: August 26, 2024
Celtra, Inc. (“Celtra,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) respects your privacy, and we take our responsibility of caring for it seriously. This Privacy Policy helps you make informed decisions about your relationship with us, so we encourage you to read it carefully. The information we collect depends on what products or services you use and how you use them. This Privacy Policy applies to visitors of our website located at
www.celtra.com
(the “Website”), who view only publicly-available content (the “Visitors”); users of Celtra’s advertising and creative management platform and related documentation (“Platform Users”) provided through our web sites and applications (the “Celtra Services”), persons who engage with Celtra at industry events, online webinars, or seek to buy Celtra’s services (“Marketing Contacts”), and end users of digital advertisements created and/or trafficked through the Celtra Services (the “End Users”). In addition to the practices outlined herein, we adhere to the Interactive Advertising Bureau Canada and Europe
Transparency & Consent Framework
and are included on the
Global Vendor List
.
Celtra Services are designed for businesses and are not intended for personal or household use. This means that we treat most individuals who contact us about our services – including all Visitors (except Visitors who are End Users), Marketing Contacts, and Platform Users — as individuals acting as business representatives, rather than in their personal capacity. To the extent we process the Personal Data of End Users, we do so in our capacity of a service provider / processor pursuant to agreements with our business customers that may include the advertiser, publisher, and/or their agents who are the Data Controller of your data who may use this information for their lawful advertising purposes to provide you with a more tailored online advertising experience.
We designed this Privacy Policy with these key principles in mind:
To explain important disclosures about the way we use information that you share with us as Visitors, Platform Users, Marketing Contacts, and End Users.
To ensure that you understand what information we collect with your permission, and what we do and, most importantly, do not do with that information.
To hold us accountable for protecting your rights and your privacy under this policy.
Highlights of what the Privacy Policy covers:
The use of cookies and other tracking technologies.
The transfer of your information outside of the country where you live.
The collection, use, processing and retention of your information by the entities described in this Privacy Policy, including Celtra, as Data Controller (where applicable), as indicated at the bottom of this document.
The use of artificial intelligence and machine learning by Celtra.
For purposes of this policy:
“Personal Data” for non-residents of the European Economic Area (other than California residents) means any information that can be used to identify, contact, or precisely locate a person, including name, email, address, and telephone number.
“Personal Data” for residents of the European Economic Area means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person; an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural, or social identity of that natural person. This includes IP address and advertising ID (IDFA/AAID).
“Personal Data” for residents of California means information that identifies a particular California consumer or household, including, without limitation, name, unique personal identifier, online identifier, geolocation data, professional or employment-related information, or other information as defined in the CCPA.
This includes IP address and advertising ID (IDFA/AAID).
“Non-Personal Data” means information not included in the definition of Personal Data, such as pages or ads visited, time spent on pages, browser and device type, and referring and exit pages.
1. Information We Collect/Receive and How We Use that Information
In general, there are four categories of information we collect: (1) information that we can use to provide additional features and improved experiences if you choose to share that information; (2) information that we must have for you to use the Celtra Services;
(3) information collected from your interaction with the Celtra Services as an End User of a digital advertisement or ad; and (4) information you may choose to share concerning your interest in purchasing Celtra’s products or services.
When you provide Personal Data directly to us, this information is used by Celtra solely for the purposes identified at the point you provide it. Information we collect may be transferred, stored, used, and/or processed as follows:
I. Contact Information. When you contact us through the “Contact Us” page on the Website, register for a Celtra-sponsored marketing event either using a landing page or event management provider, participate in a Celtra online learning course or product demonstration, or become a Platform User of the Celtra Services, you will be asked to provide us with certain Personal Data about yourself which may include your name, email address, job title, name of your organization, mailing address, or telephone number.
Consistent with any permissions you may have communicated to us, we may use this information to directly communicate with you for marketing and promotional purposes via emails, notifications, or other messages, and to communicate with you for research purposes including via emails, notifications, or other messages. Celtra may use this Contact Information (including Marketing Data) to contact or respond to you concerning your interest in Celtra Services.
Platform Users may also receive communications concerning Celtra product updates, training sessions, or events or webinars which are relevant to your employer’s purchase of Celtra’s products or services. If you want to stop receiving such materials from Celtra, you can change your profile settings within the Celtra Services or follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
II. Billing Information. In certain circumstances, to use the Celtra Services, you may be required to provide additional information which may include your employer’s bank account information, credit card number, expiration date, billing zip code, activation code, and similar information (“Billing Information”).
Celtra uses this information to process payments. In certain circumstances, Celtra uses third-party service providers to manage credit card processing. These service providers are not permitted to store, retain, or use Billing Information except for the sole purpose of processing payments to Celtra.
III. User Activity Data. In an ongoing effort to improve the Website and the Celtra Services, we automatically collect certain information when Visitors visit the Website and when Platform Users use the Celtra Services (collectively, the “User Activity Data”). This information may include IP address, browser and device type and language, referring and exit pages and URLs, date and time, amount of time spent on pages, what sections of the Website Visitors visit, and other, similar aggregate user data concerning your use of the Website and the Celtra Services.
We may use this data to manage and improve your experience using the Website and the Celtra Services. In some areas of the world, certain User Activity Data may be Personal Data. Where this is the case, we comply with applicable laws regarding our use and processing of Personal Data.
IV. Service Data. In connection with providing the Celtra Services and serving ads to End Users, Celtra collects system connection information, such as the incoming IP address for each End User (“Service Data”).
Celtra utilizes this data to support the Celtra Services, including
to maintain platform security and availability, for fraud detection, and for resolving ad serving errors.
V. Ad Interaction Data.
When End Users interact with ads generated using the Celtra Services, we may collect information on behalf of Celtra’s customers which may be the advertiser, publisher, advertising agency, and/or their agents. Data collected through interaction with the Celtra Services may include time spent viewing an ad, page views, video views, number of ads clicked, IP address, device ID, GPS coordinates, advertising identifiers (IDFA/AAID), Personal Data that you affirmatively elect to share with us through text field forms, and other information about your interaction with the ads (“Ad Interaction Data”).We may also use the information internally to improve the functionality of the Celtra Services.
VI. Cookies and similar technologies.
A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your computer or device when you visit certain websites.
When we refer to “cookies” we include other technologies with similar purposes. Please refer to Celtra’s
Cookie Policy
for more information on cookies used in connection with the Website.
In connection with the Celtra Service, Celtra and its customers or partners may also use cookies to customize your online advertising experience as an End User based on the preferences or interests known or inferred from the data collected. Celtra customers may use cookies to serve appropriate ads to you and to help track results or measure effectiveness of those ads.
These third parties may combine information collected in the context of delivering an ad to you with other information they have independently collected over time across different websites, including syncing or connecting behavior across different websites, mobile apps or devices. These third parties collect and use information under their own privacy policies. To the extent Celtra uses cookies on behalf of a customer in connection with the Celtra Services, Celtra Cookies will persist for no more than ninety (90) days, but may be renewed each time the device is encountered.
2. Sharing and Disclosure of your Personal Data
We may share your information at your direction or as described below at the time of sharing.
I. Customers. We share User Activity Data and Ad Interaction Data with our customers who may use this information for their lawful advertising purposes to provide you with a more personalized online advertising experience. We follow customer instructions concerning sharing and disclosing this data, including any applicable terms in our customer agreement or customer’s use of the Services.
II. Third-Party Service Providers. Celtra may share your Contact Information, User Activity Data, Service Data, Ad Interaction Data, and Marketing Data with Third-Party Service Providers that support us in delivering the Celtra Services to our customers. We may also share your information with companies that help us operate and market the Celtra Services, such as to bill our customers, analyze our Website Visitors, provide customer and technical support, database, analytics, and hosting services, and other operational support. We ensure that such service providers are contractually required to protect your Personal Data at all times.
III. To Comply with the Law. Celtra may disclose your information to courts, law enforcement or governmental authorities, or authorized third parties, if and to the extent we are required to do so by law, regulation, or legal process.
IV. Business Transfers. If Celtra undertakes or is involved in any merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets, bankruptcy, or insolvency event, then we may sell, transfer, or share some or all our assets, including your Personal Data. To the extent required by applicable law, we will notify you before your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
V. To Enforce Our Rights, Prevent Fraud, and for Safety. Celtra may use Personal Data to protect and defend the rights, property, or safety of Celtra or its customers, including enforcing contracts or policies, or in connection with investigating and preventing fraud or security issues.
VI. Corporate Affiliates.
Celtra may share data with its corporate affiliates, parents, and/or subsidiaries.
VII. Other. Celtra may also may disclose your information under circumstances not mentioned here with prior consent of the person or third-party that submitted the information to us.
3. Your Choices
I. Cookies.
Usually, you can stop your browser from accepting cookies in general or from accepting cookies from a particular website.
All modern browsers allow you to change your cookie settings. You can typically find these settings in the “options” or “preferences” section of your browser.
Please visit our
Cookie Policy
for more information on how to manage your cookie preferences in connection with the Celtra Website.
II.
Marketing Communications.
You may choose to sign-up for marketing or other communications from Celtra on the Website, at industry events, via online webinars, or other locations where Celtra has a legitimate business interest in offering the Celtra Services to your employer.
Should you choose to unsubscribe from any lists for which you registered, you may do so by following the instructions on how to unsubscribe provided in all Celtra communications or by emailing
privacy@celtra.com
.
4. Your Rights & the EU General Data Protection Act (“GDPR”)
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area, you have the following rights with respect to data for which Celtra is the Data Controller:
The right to request access to, or ask us to provide you with copies of, Personal Data that we hold about you at any time, which may be subject to a fee specified by law for processing your request (but not for making a request for access). If Celtra is the Data Controller with respect to your data, we will respond to your request within a reasonable period, and if Celtra is the Data Processor with respect to your data, we may redirect your request to Celtra’s customer acting as the Data Controller with respect to your data. We may decline a request for access to Personal Data in circumstances prescribed by relevant privacy laws. If we decline a request, we will provide you with a written notice that sets out the reasons for the refusal (unless it would be unreasonable to provide those reasons) and provide you with a statement regarding the mechanisms available to you to make a complaint;
The right to ask us to delete any Personal Data that we hold about you free of charge, unless we are required to maintain a copy of this data pursuant to applicable law;
The right to ask us to update and correct any out-of-date or incorrect or inaccurate Personal Data that we hold about you free of charge. We will take reasonable steps to correct the information so that it is accurate, complete and up to date. If we refuse to correct your Personal Data, we will provide you with a written notice that sets out the reasons for our refusal (unless it would be unreasonable to provide those reasons) and provide you with a statement regarding the mechanisms available to you to make a complaint;
The right to opt out of any marketing communications that we (or any third-party to whom we have disclosed your Personal Data with your consent) may send you or to withdraw your prior consent or object to any further processing of your Personal Data;
The right to request information about any automated decisions made using your Personal Data that have legal consequences for you or which significantly affect you; and
The right to lodge a complaint with your local Data Protection Authority concerning Celtra’s processing of your Personal Data.
If you wish to exercise any of the above rights, send us an email at
privacy@celtra.com
headed “Data Subject Request.” Before we process any request, we may ask you for certain Personal Data to verify your identity, and in situations where Celtra is the Data Processor, consult with the Data Controller of your data. Where permitted by local law, we may reject requests that are unreasonable or impractical. Please allow us a reasonable time to respond to your inquiries and requests.
5. Security of your Personal Data
Celtra uses reasonable technical and organizational security measures to safeguard Personal Data that is submitted to us voluntarily through our Website or the Celtra Services or collected through interactions with you or the Celtra Services. However, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. We cannot control the actions of third-parties with whom you elect to share your Personal Data and we cannot accept liability for improper access to that data. We cannot guarantee that only authorized persons will view your Personal Data. We cannot ensure that information you share on our website and/or through the Celtra Services will not become publicly available.
6. Important Notice to All Non-U.S. Residents
Our servers are located in the US. If you are located outside of the US, please be aware that any information provided to us, including Personal Data, will be transferred from your country of origin to the US, to enable us to provide Celtra Services to you. Your decision to provide data to us, or to allow us to collect such data through our Website, the Celtra Services, or any other means constitutes your consent to this data transfer. If you do not consent to this data transfer, do not submit Personal Data to Celtra. If you would like Celtra to access, correct, amend, delete, or export any Personal Data that you have shared with Celtra, please email
privacy@celtra.com
.
7. Notice for California Residents
This section provides additional details about the personal information we collect about California consumers and the rights afforded to them under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), including as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”).
Please note that this Notice (and the rights it describes) does not apply to (a) individuals who represent businesses that seek to provide, or provide, services to Celtra or to which Celtra seeks to provide, or provides, Celtra Services, and (b) individuals whose information we handle in our capacity as a service provider.
This means that this Notice and CCPA rights do not apply to Visitors (except End Users) or Platform Users, or to End Users.
End Users should contact the relevant business customers – the advertiser, publisher, and/or their agents who are the Data Controller of End Users’ data – to submit their privacy requests. To the extent End Users submit their requests to Celtra directly, we will respond to such requests to the extent feasible on behalf of our business customers.
To the extent this Notice applies to you:
For more details about the personal information we have collected over the last 12 months, including the categories of sources, please see the
Information We Collect/Receive
and How We Use that Information section above. We collect this information for the business and commercial purposes described in this section. We share this information with the categories of third parties described in the
Sharing and Disclosure of Your Personal Data
section above.
Celtra does not sell (as such term is defined in the CCPA or CPRA) the personal data we collect (and will not sell it without providing a right to opt out). Please note that we do use third-party cookies for advertising purposes as described in our
Cookie Policy
.
Subject to certain limitations, the CCPA and CPRA provides California consumers the right to request to know more details about the categories or specific pieces of personal information we collect (including how we use and disclose this information), to access, correct or delete their personal information, to opt out of any automated-decision making or “sales” that may be occurring, and to not be discriminated against for exercising these rights.
California consumers may make a request pursuant to their rights under the CCPA or CPRA by contacting us at
privacy@celtra.com
or toll free at 1-866-623-5872.
Celtra will verify your request using the information associated with your account (if any) or any other information you provide to Celtra to facilitate this search.
Government identification may be required. Consumers can also designate an authorized agent to exercise these rights on their behalf.
8.
Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning
In connection with providing the Celtra Services to its customers or to promote the efficiency of its internal business operations, Celtra may use services offered by third-parties which incorporate artificial intelligence (AI) or machine learning (ML) capabilities. Celtra utilizes AI and ML tools in a manner that is fair, transparent, and respectful of individual rights and privacy.
Celtra conducts annual diligence on all vendors who will have access to customer data, and Celtra avoids the use of data sets or algorithms that perpetuate existing biases. Celtra does not use vendors who train their AI or ML models using confidential customer data or personal data of individuals.
Celtra does not use AI or ML models for any automated decisionmaking with respect to job applicants.
9. Third-Party Social Media Features
Our Website may use social media features, such as “Like” and “Share” buttons, which are operated by third parties such as Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, Twitter, etc. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Website, and may set a cookie or employ similar technologies to enable the feature to function properly. If you are not logged into your account with the third-party, then the third-party might not know your identity. If you are logged into your account with the third-party, then the third-party might be able to link information about your visit to our Website to your account with them. Similarly, your interactions with these features may be recorded by the third-party. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the third-party providing the feature. Please refer to the respective third-party’s privacy policy to find out more about its data practices, such as what data is collected about you and how the third-party used such data.
10. Children’s Privacy
The Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. You must be at least 13 years old to use the Website and/or the Celtra Services. We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from any child under 13 years of age. If you are under 13 years of age, do not use the Celtra Services and do not provide any Personal Data to us. If you are a parent of a child under 13 years of age and become aware that your child has provided Personal Data to Celtra, please contact us at
privacy@celtra.com
and you may request access, correction, deletion, and/or objection rights.
11. Links to Other Sites
Our Website and the ads we serve on behalf of customers may, from time to time, contain links to external websites. Celtra encourages you to review the privacy and security policies of any externally linked websites whose information practices may be different from ours. Celtra assumes no responsibility or liability for the information, collection, and disclosure practices of any external websites that a Visitor can access through the Website or the Celtra Services. Please check the privacy policies of these external websites before you submit any Personal Data or other information to them.
12. Contact Information
If you have any questions regarding the Privacy Policy, our use of cookies, or our policies regarding the collection, use, processing, retention and/or disclosure of your Personal Data, you may contact us as indicated below:
Data Controller/Processor:
Celtra, Inc.
20 Cabot Boulevard, Suite 300
Mansfield, MA 02048
Email:
privacy@celtra.com
Privacy Officer:
Celtra doo
Kongresni trg 3
1000 Ljubljana, Slovenia
Email:
privacy@celtra.com
Toll Free: 1.866.623.5872
A note to data subjects residing in the European Economic Area: If you are not satisfied with our response, or believe we are processing your personal data not in accordance with the law, data subjects covered under the GDPR framework have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority in the Member State of their habitual residence, place of work, or place of the alleged infringement.
13. Changes to the Privacy Policy
We may, in our discretion, update this policy from time to time. We’ll notify you of material changes to the Privacy Policy via a notice on our home page (
www.celtra.com)
. In some cases, we will notify you in advance, and your continued use of the Website and the Celtra Services after Celtra posts a revised Privacy Policy signifies your acceptance of the revised Privacy Policy. We recommend reviewing this Privacy Policy regularly to ensure you are updated as to any changes.
Thank you for reading our Privacy Policy!
Sub-policy 7
https://www.doubleverify.com/privacy/:
Close Overlay
DoubleVerify To Acquire Rockerbox, Adding Outcome Measurement and Attribution Capabilities to Its Suite of Performance Measurement and Optimization Solutions
DV will integrate customer journey insights, advanced attribution, performance analytics, and AI-powered activation into a unified platform to drive better outcomes.

The transaction also expands DV’s value proposition to mid-market and direct response advertisers.
Learn More
Websites & Marketing Privacy Notice
Solutions Privacy Notice
Reporting Tools Privacy Notice
Effective Date: June 28, 2024
Overview
DoubleVerify Inc., along with its global subsidiaries, (collectively “
DoubleVerify
”, “
we
”, “
us
” or “
our
”) is the industry leader in providing transparency and accountability in online advertising. This privacy notice (the “
Websites & Marketing
Privacy Notice
”) explains who we are, how we collect, use and share personal information through our publicly facing websites, sales and marketing activities, as well as how you can exercise your privacy rights.
If you want more information about how DoubleVerify processes Personal Information collected on our technology and solutions (the “
Solutions
”), please visit our
Solutions Privacy Notice
.
If you want more information about how DoubleVerify processes Personal Information collected on our reporting tools and dashboards (the “
Reporting Tools
”), please visit our
Reporting Tools Privacy Notice
.
Quick Links
We recommend that you read this Websites & Marketing Privacy Notice in its entirety to ensure you are fully informed. However, to make it easier for you to find and review specific parts of this Websites & Marketing Privacy Notice, we have it divided up into the following sections:
Who is DoubleVerify?
What Personal Information does DoubleVerify process and what is the legal basis of processing?
How do we use the Personal Information we collect?
How and to whom do we disclose Personal Information?
How long do we keep Personal Information?
How is Personal Information secured?
How is Personal Information transferred internationally?
What are your rights?
Additional disclosures
Does DoubleVerify use Artificial Intelligence?
Does DoubleVerify use cookies?
Do we update this Websites & Marketing Privacy Notice?
How can you contact DoubleVerify?
1. Who is DoubleVerify?
DoubleVerify is the industry leader in providing transparency and accountability in online advertising. Our accredited platforms Solutions provide independent, digital media measurement, data and analytics about ad impression delivery and website traffic to advertisers and advertising inventory sellers (together “
Customers
”).
As used in this Websites & Marketing Privacy Notice, “Personal Information” means information that relates to an identified individual or to an identifiable individual. We believe in providing strong privacy protections to any individual whose information we may process in any capacity – because we believe privacy is a fundamental right, not something that should depend on where you may live. To live up to that principle, we treat any data that relates or is linked to an identified or identifiable individual as “Personal Information” regardless of that individual’s location.
This Websites & Marketing Privacy applies to individuals (“
you
” and “
your
”) who: (i) may be visitors of the DoubleVerify websites, such as
www.doubleverify.com
, (together “
Websites
”) and (ii) may come in contact with any of our marketing and sales related efforts or activities (“
Marketing Activities
”) The purpose of this Websites & Marketing Privacy Notice is to inform you of DoubleVerify’s privacy practices, particularly our approach to the use, collection, and sharing of your Personal Information as well as your privacy rights and how to exercise them. DoubleVerify operates the functions contemplated and covered by this Websites & Marketing Privacy Notice as a “controller” or a “business”, as relevant from time to time under applicable laws.
2. What Personal Information does DoubleVerify process and what is the legal basis of processing?
The following chart provides an outline of the categories of Personal Information we process, including examples of what data points are included in each category, as well as the applicable purposes and legal basis of processing. Please note that often the same Personal Information is collected and processed for multiple purposes. For example, if you register for one of our events, we collect your Personal Information to enable your attendance, but we may also have the ability to use the same information for promotional purposes. As such, our collection and processing of your Personal Information and the applicable legal basis vary based on the context.
Category of Personal Information
Examples of data points
Purposes and Legal Basis of Processing
Contact Information
This information could include first and last name, email address, telephone number, business address, position and title.
Contact Information is collected to support DoubleVerify’s Marketing Activities, to respond to your requests, provide support to Customers, prospects and sales leads, market our Solutions and provide information about any events we host or sponsor. In these scenarios, Contact Information is generally shared directly by you, for example by completing a form on one of our Websites, registering for one of our events or subscribing to one of our newsletters. Some information about you may be collected from publicly available resources. To the extent applicable and required from time to time, our lawful basis to process such Personal Information is our legitimate interest to carry out business activities, to fulfill requirements mandated in a contract or agreement, or your consent.
Cookie Data (First and Third Party tracking)
This information could include cookie IDs, Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser and device information, general location information and account log-in information.
Cookie Data may be necessary to enable our Websites to operate efficiently, understand and improve your experience, ensure we remain compliant with local laws and regulations and protect ourselves against fraud, illegal activity and security risks, improve our Websites and ensure we are able to effectively monitor activity on our Websites. Our lawful basis for this type of processing of Cookie related information is based on our legitimate interest to pursue these goals.
Cookies and other tracking technologies may be used to collect information about your use of our Websites and Marketing Activities so that we can promote our Solutions in a way tailored to your interests on our Websites, or on other websites when you click on a DoubleVerify advertisement. To the extent applicable from time to time, our lawful basis to process such Cookie Data is your consent.
For more information about how DoubleVerify uses cookies please refer to our
Websites & Marketing Cookie Notice
.
Email Performance Information
This information could include data about your interaction with an email you may have received from us, including, for example whether you clicked on a link or opened the email.
Email Performance Information may be collected to analyze and understand how you interact with our communications to report and improve our communications and Marketing Activities intended to promote our Solutions. Our lawful basis for this type of processing of Email Performance Information related information is based on our legitimate interest to pursue these goals, and, where applicable, your consent to receive such communications. It’s important to note that while this information is associated with the individual user, DoubleVerify’s use of Email Performance Information is generally limited to aggregated and anonymous inferences drawn from the data collected.
Page Interaction Data
This information could include whether you click on links or banners, or information about your device or browser.
Page Interaction Data may be necessary to help us understand how you interact with our Websites to improve their performance, prevent fraud, illegal activity or security risks, improve our Websites and ensure we are able to effectively monitor activity on our Websites. Our lawful basis for this type of processing of Page Interaction Information related information is based on our legitimate interest to pursue these goals. It’s important to note that while this information is associated with the individual user, DoubleVerify’s use of Page Interaction Data is generally limited to aggregated and anonymous inferences drawn from the data collected.
Web Logs
This information could include information about your browser type, operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address, click-activity and date/time stamps of your use.
Web Logs may be necessary to help us monitor out networks, Websites and Marketing Activities, including to prevent fraud, illegal activity and security risks, improve our Websites and ensure we are able to effectively monitor activity on our Websites. Our lawful basis for this type of processing of Web Logs related information is based on our legitimate interest to pursue these goals. It’s important to note that while this information is associated with the individual user, DoubleVerify’s use of Web Logs is generally limited to aggregated and anonymous inferences drawn from the data collected.
In addition to the information outlined above, we may also develop inferences drawn from the Personal Information we collect about you and we may collect or receive information about you from other sources, including third parties, business partners, our affiliates, or publicly available information.
3. How do we use the Personal Information we collect?
In addition to the uses outlined in Section 2, “
What Personal Information does DoubleVerify process and what is the legal basis of processing?
”, DoubleVerify may use your Personal Information and any inferences drawn from such Personal Information in the following ways:
To recognize you when you visit our Websites or interact with our Marketing Activities ;
To enable your use of our Websites;
To promote our Solutions and improve our Marketing Activities, including sending marketing and promotional materials and information related to our Solutions to Customers, prospects and sales leads;
To improve our Websites, Marketing Activities, Solutions and Reporting Tools;
To promote the security of our Solutions, Websites, Marketing Activities and Reporting Tools, including by monitoring usage for patterns and abnormalities;
To conduct analysis;
To respond to inquiries from individuals, third parties and government entities;
To enable us to fulfill contractual requirements provided for in our Customer agreements and other agreements;
For internal administrative purposes; and
And otherwise required by applicable laws and regulations.
4. How and to whom do we disclose Personal Information?
DoubleVerify does not disclose Personal Information to third parties, except as strictly necessary for our business purposes to operate, support, maintain and improve our Websites and Marketing Activities. The categories of Personal Information can be found in Section 2 “
What Personal Information does DoubleVerify process and what is the legal basis of processing?
” To the extent we voluntarily share any Personal Information, we ensure it is protected by the recipients in a manner consistent with our own policies and standards.
We may share your Personal Information with:
Service Providers – companies we have contracted to provide us services such as IT and system administration, infrastructure and hosting services, research and analytics, support and quality assurance, security and other services, for the purposes and pursuant to the legal basis described above. You can request a list of our Service Providers, what Personal Information they receive and for what purposes by contacting us. You can find our contact information in Section 13 “
How can you contact DoubleVerify?
” of this Websites & Marketing Privacy Notice.
Affiliates – such as a parent company, sister companies, subsidiaries, joint ventures or other companies under common control, to the extent necessary to operate, maintain and improve our Solutions. You can request a list of our Affiliates, what Personal Information they receive and for what purposes by contacting us. You can find our contact information in Section 13 “
How can you contact DoubleVerify?
” of this Websites & Marketing Privacy Notice.
Third Parties involved in a Corporate Transaction – in the event that DoubleVerify is acquired or merged with another company, or in the event of a reorganization, dissolution or other fundamental corporate change.
Additional disclosures to Third Parties – we may be able to share your Personal Information with other third parties based on your consent, or, in limited circumstances without your consent, for example, to the extent we are legally required to share such Personal Information as further described in this Section or in order to establish or exercise our rights, to defend against a legal claim, to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding possible illegal activities, suspected fraud, safety of person or property, or a violation of our policies.
We may be legally required to disclose your Personal Information:
(a) If a government entity, tribunal, law enforcement or regulatory agency requires such disclosure (for example as part of an ongoing investigation, subpoena, similar legal process or proceeding);
(b) As otherwise required under any applicable law, regulation, or rule; and
(c) If we believe, in good faith, that such disclosure is necessary to protect or defend our rights or the rights of others, to assist in an investigation or to prevent illegal activity.
5. How long do we keep Personal Information?
We will retain your Personal Information for the period necessary to fulfill the applicable purpose outlined in this Websites & Marketing Privacy Notice. After the Personal Information is no longer necessary or after any retention requirements provided for by applicable laws expire, the corresponding Personal Information is securely deleted.
6. How is Personal Information secured?
DoubleVerify has implemented appropriate technical, physical and organizational measures designed to protect Personal Information against accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, damage, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, as well as all other forms of unlawful processing. While we follow generally accepted standards and best practices to protect Personal Information, no method of storage or transmission is 100% secure. However, we are constantly working to improve our safeguards and keep your Personal Information secure.
7. How is Personal Information transferred internationally?
Please be aware that the Personal Information we collect may be transferred to and maintained on servers or databases located outside your state, province, country, or other jurisdiction. While some of your Personal Information may be temporarily stored or cached in a storage facility closer to you, to ensure our Websites and Marketing Activities are efficient and responsive, DoubleVerify generally stores all Personal Information collected through our Websites and Marketing Activities in the United States. As a global company, we have office locations in many countries, including in the United States, the United Kingdom, the UAE, France, Belgium, Finland, Germany, Israel, Canada, Mexico, Brazil, Japan, India, Singapore and Australia. Our employees at these locations may be required to access your Personal Information to support our operations. The level of data protection established in some of these locations, such as the United States, may be lower than the one established in the European Union or other jurisdictions that have enacted strong privacy laws and regulations. We take measures to ensure that your Personal Information is stored safely with us, meeting regulatory privacy and security requirements imposed on European Union businesses. We also ensure that any other recipient of your Personal Information offers an adequate level of protection and security, for instance by entering into the appropriate back-to-back agreements and, if required, standard contractual clauses or an alternative mechanism for the transfer of data as approved by the European Commission or other applicable regulator.
We take measures to ensure that your Personal Information is stored safely with us, meeting regulatory privacy and security requirements imposed on European Union businesses. We also ensure that any other recipient of your Personal Information offers an adequate level of protection and security, for instance, by entering into the appropriate back-to-back agreements and, if required, standard contractual clauses or an alternative mechanism for the transfer of data as approved by the European Commission or other applicable regulator. DoubleVerify’s privacy practices, described in this Websites & Marketing Privacy Notice, comply with the APEC Cross Border Privacy Rules (CBPR) System and the Privacy Recognition for Processors (PRP) system. The APEC CBPR system and the APEC PRP system provide frameworks for organizations to ensure protection of personal information transferred among participating APEC economies. More information about the APEC frameworks can be found
here
. If you have any questions about where we store Personal Information you can contact us as outlined in Section 13 “
How can you contact DoubleVerify?
” of this Websites & Marketing Privacy Notice.
In addition, DoubleVerify Inc., and its subsidiaries Outrigger Media, Inc. d/b/a OpenSlate, Scibids Technology Inc., Zentrick Inc. (“DoubleVerify”), complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. DoubleVerify has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) under the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. DoubleVerify has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/.
DoubleVerify is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under the DPF, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. DoubleVerify complies with the DPF Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU, UK, and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over DoubleVerify’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. In certain situations, DoubleVerify may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, DoubleVerify commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request for more information or to file a complaint.  These dispute resolution services are provided at no cost to you.
For complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website.
8.
What are your rights
?
Individuals in certain jurisdictions may have data subject rights enabling them to make requests related to their Personal Information. Most jurisdictions also provide individuals with the right to be informed of how any Personal Information is collected, used and with whom it may have been shared or disclosed, as well as for what purposes. DoubleVerify’s Websites & Marketing Privacy Notice is intended to meet any such requirements, but if you have any additional questions or would like to better understand how your Personal Information may have been collected, used or with whom it may have been shared or disclosed, and why, please contact us by using Section 13 “
How can you contact DoubleVerify?
” below.
Residents of the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, Switzerland or California, among others, have several rights under the applicable privacy laws and regulations, for example under the General Data Protection Regulation (“
GDPR
”) and the California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”). To exercise these rights, you can use
this Form
or contact us using Section 13 “
How can you contact DoubleVerify?
” below. In addition, if you are a California resident, you may contact us to enforce certain privacy rights using this toll-free number: 1-833-260-2090. In accordance with certain laws and regulations, such as the CCPA, you may also designate an authorized agent to submit a request or exercise a right on your behalf. We will not discriminate or retaliate against you for exercising your rights.
These rights are:
a) The right to access to any Personal Information we may hold about the you, including information about the categories and the specific pieces of Personal Information.
b) The right to correct any inaccurate Personal Information we may hold about you.
c) The right to request that DoubleVerify delete any Personal Information we may hold about you.
d) Under certain circumstances and to the extent technically feasible, the right to request that we provide your Personal Information directly to another (i.e., a right to data portability). Keep in mind that you can share your Personal Information with anyone you wish to share it with
e) To the extent it applies to you and your Personal Data, the right to request that the processing of Personal Information about you be suspended or restricted for a period of time, for example while you assess whether you have other rights you would want to exercise.
f) To the extent it applies to you and your Personal Data, for example if you are an EEA resident and your Personal Information is processed based on a legitimate interest, you have a right to object to such processing.
g) To the extent your Personal Information is processed based on your consent, you have a right to withdraw that consent at any time.
h) To the extent it applies to you and your Personal Data, for example if you are a California resident, the right to opt-out of “sales” or “sharing” of Personal Information.
i) To the extent it applies to you, you may unsubscribe from our marketing related newsletters by clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of each email or by submitting a request via the process outlined in this section.
To the fullest extent possible, we fulfill any request related to an individual provided we can match the individual to Personal Information we hold on our systems. However, in certain circumstances we may be required to verify your identity to fulfill a request. To verify your identity or understand the scope of your request we may need to request additional information about you. You will not be required to create an account with us to submit a request or have it fulfilled. You will need to provide an email address so we can communicate with you and support your request, as well as any information we may need to allow us to verify whether we hold any Personal Information about you. Please be aware that circumstances may exist that will render us unable to fulfill your request, but if we are unable to fulfill your request we will explain why. To the extent we do not hold any Personal Information about you we will let you know. We make best efforts to respond to all inquiries and requests as soon as reasonably possible, but please allow up to thirty (30) days for us to respond.
9.
Additional disclosures
Certain privacy laws and regulations, such as the CCPA, require businesses to disclose whether they sell or “share” Personal Information. In certain limited circumstances, DoubleVerify may disclose Personal Information in a way that would constitute  “selling” or “sharing” under California and similar U.S. state laws. The categories of Personal Information we may “share” or “sell” can be found in Section 2 “
What Personal Information does DoubleVerify process and what is the legal basis of processing?
”. The purposes for which we may “share” or “sell” can be found in Section 3 “
How do we use the Personal Information we collect?
”.  The categories of third parties to whom DoubleVerify may “share” or “sell” Personal Information can be found in Section 4
“How and to Whom do we disclose Personal Information?
”. The categories of third parties to whom Personal Information may be made available may include marketing partners, data analytics providers, and social media platforms. These laws provide residents of these states, such as California, with the right to opt-out of the “sale” or “sharing” of Personal Information. You can opt-out via our automated cookie banner process, by using
this Form
or contact us for more information using Section 12 “
How can you contact DoubleVerify?
” below.
10. Does DoubleVerify use Artificial Intelligence?
DoubleVerify uses Artificial Intelligence (“AI”) in various capacities and ways throughout the organization. While DoubleVerify makes use of AI technologies, we do not engage in “automated decision making” as defined by applicable privacy laws and regulations.
11. Does DoubleVerify use cookies?
Like many other companies, we use cookies, pixels and software development kits (SDKs) to learn and remember things about you, to improve your experience and our Websites, Sales Activities. For more information about our use of cookie and similar technologies please visit the
Websites & Marketing Cookie Notice
.
12. Do we update this Websites & Marketing Privacy Notice?
We may update this Websites & Marketing Privacy Notice from time to time to reflect changes in our practices, policies or other internal or external changes, as well as to comply with new legal requirements. Any changes will be posted as soon as they go ingo effect. If we make updates, we will update the “effective date” listed at the top to help you understand when changes were made. To stay informed of any such updates, we encourage you to refer back to this Websites & Marketing Privacy Notice regularly. Please note that any translation of this Websites & Marketing Privacy Notice is intended solely to facilitate your access to this information. The English version is the only official version of this Websites & Marketing Privacy Notice and any translation inaccuracies or discrepancies are not binding and have no legal effect for compliance or enforcement purposes.
13. How can you contact DoubleVerify?
If you have any questions, concerns or comments about this Websites & Marketing Privacy Notice, or you believe your personal information has been used in a way that is not consistent with the Websites & Marketing Privacy Notice or your choices, you can contact our Privacy Team, via postal mail or email, at:
Privacy Officer / Data Protection Officer (Privacy Team) Contact Information
DoubleVerify Inc.
462 Broadway
New York, NY 10013
privacy-policy@doubleverify.com
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.- based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
. We are committed to achieving a fair resolution of any complaint or concern you may have about your privacy or this Websites & Marketing Privacy Notice. However, if you believe we have not been able to assist you, nothing in this Websites & Marketing Privacy Notice limits or attempts to limit your rights under applicable laws, including your ability, depending on your country of residence, to file a complaint with your local Data Protection Authority or other agency with jurisdiction over privacy related matters.
Select your language:
English
Arabic
Bulgarian
Chinese
Croatian
Czech
Danish
Dutch (Netherlands)
Estonian
Finnish
French (Canada)
French (France)
German
Greek
Hebrew
Hindi
Hungarian
Icelandic
Italian
Japanese
Latvian
Lithuanian
Maltese
Norwegian
Polish
Portuguese (Brazil)
Portuguese (Portugal)
Romanian
Russian
Slovak
Slovenian
Spanish (Latin America)
Spanish (Spain)
Swedish
English
English
Arabic
Bulgarian
Chinese
Croatian
Czech
Danish
Dutch (Netherlands)
Estonian
Finnish
French (Canada)
French (France)
German
Greek
Hebrew
Hindi
Hungarian
Icelandic
Italian
Japanese
Latvian
Lithuanian
Maltese
Norwegian
Polish
Portuguese (Brazil)
Portuguese (Portugal)
Romanian
Russian
Slovak
Slovenian
Spanish (Latin America)
Spanish (Spain)
Swedish
Effective Date: June 28, 2024
Overview
DoubleVerify Inc., along with its global subsidiaries, (collectively “
DoubleVerify
”, “
we
”, “
us
” or “
our
”) is the industry leader in providing transparency and accountability in online advertising. DoubleVerify uses various technologies to collect information about online advertising, website traffic, mobile app traffic, and connected device traffic in order to deliver advertising transparency and accountability products and solutions (collectively, “
Solutions
”). This privacy notice (the “
Solutions
Privacy Notice
”) explains who we are, how we collect, use and share personal information through our Solutions, as well as how you can exercise your privacy rights.
If you want more information about how DoubleVerify processes Personal Information collected on our publicly facing websites, please visit our
Websites & Marketing Privacy Notice
.
If use DoubleVerify Solutions and you want more information about how DoubleVerify processes Personal Information collected through our reporting tools, please visit our
Reporting Tools Privacy Notice
.
Quick Links
We recommend that you read this Solutions Privacy Notice in its entirety to ensure you are fully informed. However, to make it easier for you to find and review specific parts of this Solutions Privacy Notice, we have it divided up into the following sections:
Who is DoubleVerify?
What is our role, goals and legal basis of Processing?
What data do we collect and for what purposes?
How do we use the data we collect?
How and to whom do we disclose data?
How long do we keep Personal Information?
How is Personal Information secured?
How is Personal Information transferred internationally?
What are your rights?
Additional disclosures
Does DoubleVerify use Artificial Intelligence?
Governing law
Do we update this Solutions Privacy Notice?
How can you contact DoubleVerify?
1. Who is DoubleVerify?
DoubleVerify’s accredited platforms provide independent digital media measurement, data and analytics about advertisement (or “ad”) impression delivery and website traffic, to help advertisers, agencies and advertising inventory sellers (together “
Customers
”) confirm accurate delivery characteristics, including brand safety, viewability metrics, contextual and environmental parameters (for example, the website on which an ad appears, and where it appears on the webpage), ad impression and website traffic quality characteristics, and provide insights that allow our Customers to make informed decisions about the placement of their creative and brand.
We believe in providing strong privacy protections to any individual whose information we may process in any capacity – because we believe privacy is a fundamental right, not something that should depend on where you may live. To live up to that principle, we treat any data that relates or is linked to an identified or identifiable individual as “Personal Information” regardless of that individual’s location. As it relates to our Solutions, DoubleVerify limits any information we collect to information that does not allow the identification of an individual without additional information. For example, DoubleVerify processes your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, which is a number that is automatically assigned to a computer when the Internet is used. While DoubleVerify treats such information as Personal Information, in accordance with best practices and applicable laws, we never combine that information with any other data that would enable us to identify the individual to whom it relates.
This Solutions Privacy Notice is intended to inform individuals whose data may be processed through our Solutions (“
End User(s)
” or, “
you
” and “
your
”) of : (1) the types of information DoubleVerify may gather about you or your device when an advertisement that is analyzed by us is delivered to you on a website you are viewing or in an app you are using, (2) our privacy practices, how we may use, share, and otherwise process information that is deemed Personal Information, and (3) what your rights are with regards to such Personal Information. This Solutions Privacy Notice also explains what non-personal information (“
Technical Information
”) we collect about the ads that we track and how we use that Technical Information to power our Solutions.
2. What is our role, goals and legal basis of Processing?
DoubleVerify’s fraud identification and elimination (“
Fraud Elimination
”) and geography compliance verification (“
Geo Verification
”) Solutions require the processing of Personal Information. Except in limited circumstances outlined below, with respect to laws and regulations such as the General Data Protection Regulation (“
GDPR
”), DoubleVerify operates Fraud Elimination as a “controller” and Geo Verification as a “processor”. With respect to the California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”) and other US state regulatory frameworks, our designation may vary depending on the specific relationship with each Customer. Since the Personal Information we process is collected by our technology and “made available” to us by our Customers, we generally operate as a “contractor” under CCPA or as a “processor” under other US state laws and regulatory frameworks.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, in limited circumstances where Personal Information is shared with DoubleVerify via custom designed integrations and other non-standard means, for example when such Personal Information is collected and provided by a Customer for DoubleVerify’s analysis, we may be deemed a “processor” or a “service provider” under CCPA..  This scenario is most common in our partnerships with social media Customers and other Customers that operate proprietary environments, often referred to as “walled gardens”.
Except for Fraud Elimination, including as required to qualify impressions according to standard industry practices (e.g., Media Ratings Council guidelines), and Geo Verification, DoubleVerify’s other Solutions (such as viewability, brand safety and suitability) do not generally require the processing of Personal Information. However, there are circumstances, such as instances where we may provide such Solutions to Customers that operate “walled gardens”, where these Customers, in their role as controllers, may require DoubleVerify to process additional Personal Information of End Users or individuals who create accounts and content within the Customer’s environments. In any such scenario, the determination as to what Personal Data is processed is made by the Customers, who in their role of controllers, also determine, in their sole discretion, the legal basis of processing of such Personal Information. For further information about these Customers’ privacy practices, the Personal Information processed and the applicable legal basis of processing, you should review each Customer’s relevant and applicable privacy notice or statements. If you contact DoubleVerify to inquire about these programs, we can provide some basic information about the work we do for these Customers, but we will recommend that you contact the individual Customer or review the privacy documentation they make available on their properties.
As it relates to law such as the GDPR, DoubleVerify’s legal basis for processing Personal Information through our Solutions is the legitimate interest of: (i) our Customers to avoid ad-related fraud and present geographically accurate and compliant information to End Users, (ii) the End Users in receiving fraud-free and geographically accurate and compliant information, and (iii) the general public in the continued availability of a free internet.
DoubleVerify participates in the IAB Transparency and Consent Framework (TCFv2.2 – Vendor ID 126), and we use legitimate interest as our basis for collecting data for the following purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors (Special Purpose 1)
Deliver and present advertising and content (Special Purpose 2)
Save and communicate privacy choices (Special Purpose 3)
Measure ad performance (Purpose 7)
Develop and improve services (Purpose 10)
In limited scenarios, the entity in charge of the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework on the property where DoubleVerify Solutions operate may make our Geo Verification subject to consent. In these very limited instances, consent would apply to:
Use limited data to select advertising (Purpose 2)
Measure ad performance (Purpose 7)
Develop and improve services (Purpose 10)
3. What data do we collect and for what purposes?
DoubleVerify, to carry out its business purposes of providing, maintaining and improving its Solutions collects and uses certain categories of Personal Information and Technical Information. The categories of Personal Information and Technical Information processed through the DoubleVerify Solutions are outlined below. To the extent Personal Information is required for the operation of one or more features of a DoubleVerify Solution, such Personal Information will be used only for the specific purposes outlined below, unless otherwise required by law. Additionally, in some circumstances, it may be necessary to process the Personal Information in conjunction with some Technical Information for DoubleVerify’s Solutions to properly function. In any such scenarios, the combined data is considered Personal Information and protected accordingly. We never combine, analyze or enrich the Personal Information and Technical Information we process with additional information with the goal of identifying the End Users. We never track you or your online activities across apps and websites or over time, we do not rely on persistent technologies such as third-party cookies and we never create profiles or audience groups to target individuals.
Categories of Technical Information collected and used to power the DoubleVerify Solutions:
Advertising campaign attributes – The identifier of the advertiser that delivers an ad, its campaign and placement identifiers, the identifiers of the media property selling the inventory to the advertiser or any intermediary advertising platform are collected and processed to identify the Customer we are servicing, to apply the correct settings for the Customer, to segment the Customer reports according to these identifiers and to bill the Customer.
Web content attributes – The web address (URL) of the page/frame where the ad is being delivered to, and the address of any referring pages/frames are collected to ensure the ads are delivered in the right context our Customer has set in the profile settings in our system.
Mobile application attributes – The mobile application name, mobile application id, app store, developer of the application, star ratings of the application, age rating of the application and other publicly available information about the mobile application where the advertisement is delivered to. This information is used to ensure the advertisements are delivered in the right context our Customer has set in the profile settings in our system.
Digital environment attributes – The type of connected device the advertisement is being delivered to: mobile, desktop, connected TV or other device, the browser type and version used to render the page where the ad appears and the operating system are collected to determine what version of our code would properly run in that environment and to properly measure if the advertisement had the chance to become viewable on the screen according to industry standards which vary between environments.
Viewability attributes – The location of the ad on the page, the size of the ad, the size of the screen, the size of the viewport, the tab focus status, the browser focus status, the time duration the ad was in the viewable part of the webpage and the scroll position of the webpage are collected to determine and report to our Customers if the advertisement had the chance to become viewable on the screen.
Exposure and engagement attributes – Data that shows if the ad was clicked, swiped, tapped or touched, resized, skipped, muted, paused, rotated, hovered or changed volume is collected to help our Customers measure the performance of the advertisement, the advertising campaign or the media property.
Categories of data collected and used to power Fraud Elimination:
Pseudonymous electronic presence and device identifiers – i.e. IP address, user agent string or derivatives of these two values – are used in order to assess whether the online presence or device is participating in or associated with a fraudulent scheme.
Categories of data collected and used to power Geo Verification:
Pseudonymous electronic presence and device identifiers – IP address – are collected to determine the geographical location they are associated with. Each IP is associated with a country, and, within the United States, may be associated with more specific information down to zip code. Your exact geolocation information is never collected.
In limited circumstances, DoubleVerify may be required by some of its Customers, for example Customers that operates as a “walled garden(s)”, to process additional Personal Information to enable its Solutions. Such additional Personal Information may relate to End Users, to individuals who create accounts within such “walled gardens” or individuals who create content that is published within such “walled garden” environments. To the extent DoubleVerify is required by one of its Customers that operate as “walled gardens” to process additional Personal Information to enable certain Solutions, DoubleVerify shall process such Personal Information solely for the purpose of fulfilling its obligations to the Customer and strictly in accordance with the Customer’s instructions, as required to operate, maintain and, where applicable, improve the Solutions. We work diligently with these Customers to ensure the Personal Information processed is limited only to the Personal Information necessary to achieve these purposes. In limited circumstances, our interaction with “walled gardens” may result in incidental receipt of Personal Information. DoubleVerify works diligently to monitor any such instances to ensure such Personal Information is not processed beyond receipt except to securely purge it from our systems. Since in these scenarios the specific categories of Personal Information are dependent on the custom integration and decisions of the Customer, and vary from Customer to Customer, if you have further questions, we recommend that you contact the individual Customer or review the privacy documentation they make available on their properties.
The Solutions are not intended to or directed at the processing of children’s Personal Information. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children, as such term is defined by applicable laws from time to time. If you are a parent or guardian and believe your child’s Personal Information may have been processed through the Solutions, please contact us by using the information in Section 13, “
How to Contact DoubleVerify
” below and we will take steps to securely delete their Personal Information from our systems.
4. How do we use the data we collect?
DoubleVerify only uses the Technical Information and Personal Information collected for the purposes outlined in Section 3, “
What Data do we Collect and for What Purposes?
”, of this Solutions Privacy Notice. In general, the Technical Information and your Personal Information are processed to provide reporting, dashboards, feedback and insights (“
Reporting
”) to our Customers. DV Reporting, in any format, is anonymized and aggregated, or, to the extent impression level information is required, each impression is de-identified to ensure Personal Information of End Users is never shared with Customers. Notwithstanding the foregoing, reporting built for Customers that operate as “walled gardens” (for example social media companies) and other Customers that rely on such reporting (for example companies that advertise on social media feeds) may include information of individuals who create accounts within such “walled gardens” or individuals who create content that is published within such “walled garden” environments. This Section provides additional insight into how the Technical Information and your Personal Information is processed to achieve the business purposes specified in Section 3 of this Solutions Privacy Notice.
DoubleVerify uses the Technical Information collected through the Solutions, as specified in Section 3.1, in the following ways s:
To analyze and report on the context in which advertisements are displayed, their quality, authenticity and performance. Specifically, information illustrating whether an ad being displayed is in compliance with a Customer’s pre-set legal and placement requirements, as well as preference settings the Customer has established in our system.
To provide insights and preemptive decisioning of impression opportunities. DoubleVerify technology analyzes the data characteristics of an impression opportunity and determines whether the Customer’s advertisement should be displayed or not, for example by determining that the surrounding content does not align with that Customer’s branding and preferences.
DoubleVerify, to power Fraud Elimination, uses the Technical Information and Personal Information collected through the Solutions, as specified in Section 3.1 and 3.2, to:
To review and identify specific ad impressions that are fraudulent due to being generated by bot-controlled, non-human browsers.
To assess and identify invalid traffic such as traffic generated by ad injectors, traffic originated in data centers, misrepresented traffic, emulated traffic and other types of invalid traffic.
To analyze and identify websites, mobile and connected device apps, and media properties that have fraudulent traffic and/or generate fraudulent advertising impressions.
To identify traffic patterns across websites participating in fraudulent advertising activity.
To differentiate between traffic generated by bot-controlled, non-human browsers and human browsers.
To determine whether ads analyzed follow applicable legal requirements and preferences set by our Customers.
Determine if a middleware is attempting to misrepresent its operating characteristics to prevent the identification of fraud or other invalid traffic.
Determine if website traffic or ad impressions are originating from a server farm rather than human-generated browsing activity.
Determine if traffic is being acquired through fraudulent practices or through other traffic acquisition practices that are not compliant with a Customer’s guidelines or preferences.
To create records of IP addresses and user agent strings associated with fraudulent schemes and non-human generated traffic (“Fraud Tables”). Because such data points are associated with non-human interactions, they do not constitute Personal Information.
DoubleVerify, to power Geo Verification, uses the Technical Information and Personal Information collected through the Solutions, as specified in Section 3.3, to:
Assess at high level (country, state, region, or, for US residents, zip code) the geographic location of the End User and verify if the End User is located within the Customer’s campaign or traffic settings.
To the extent DoubleVerify is required by one of its Customers that operate as “walled gardens” to process additional Personal Information to enable certain Solutions, DoubleVerify shall process such Personal Information solely for the purpose of fulfilling its obligations to the Customer and strictly in accordance with the Customer’s instructions, as required to operate, maintain and, where applicable, improve the Solutions. If you have any questions, we recommend that you contact the individual Customer or review the privacy documentation they make available on their properties.
5. How and to whom do we disclose data?
DoubleVerify does not disclose Personal Information to third parties, except as strictly necessary for our business purposes to operate, maintain and improve our Solutions. To the extent we voluntarily share any Personal Information, we ensure it is protected by the recipients in a manner consistent with our own policies and standards.
We may share your Personal Information with:
Service Providers – companies we have contracted to provide us services such as IT and system administration, infrastructure and hosting services, research and analytics, support and quality assurance, security and other services, for the purposes and pursuant to the legal basis described above. You can request a list of our Service Providers, what Personal Information they receive and for what purposes by contacting us. You can find out contact information in Section 13 “
How to Contact DoubleVerify
” of this Solutions Privacy Notice.
Affiliates – such as a parent company, sister companies, subsidiaries, joint ventures or other companies under common control, to the extent necessary to operate, maintain and improve our Solutions. You can request a list of our Affiliates, what Personal Information they receive and for what purposes by contacting us. You can find out contact information in Section 13 “
How to Contact DoubleVerify
” of this Solutions Privacy Notice.
Third Parties engaged by our Customers – to support our Customers, we may integrate our Solutions with other tools and services engaged by our Customers to deliver enhanced services and reporting capabilities. Under no circumstances do we receive data from these integrations that enable DoubleVerify to enrich our data and identify End Users. In limited scenarios, we may share impression level information with companies engaged by our Customers to conduct research on marketing effectiveness. In limited circumstances, our Customers may instruct us to share certain Personal Information required to enable functionality of a product or service not managed by DoubleVerify.
Third Parties involved in a Corporate Transaction – in the event that DoubleVerify is acquired or merged with another company, or in the event of a reorganization, dissolution or other fundamental corporate change.
We may be legally required to disclose your Personal Information:
(a) If a government entity, tribunal, law enforcement or regulatory agency requires such disclosure (for example as part of an ongoing investigation, subpoena, similar legal process or proceeding);
(b) As otherwise required under any applicable law, regulation, or rule; and
(c) If we believe, in good faith, that such disclosure is necessary to protect or defend our rights or the rights of others, to assist in an investigation or to prevent illegal activity.
Fraud Tables and other Fraud Elimination related reports, data feeds, APIs and dashboards that do not contain Personal Information may be shared with or made available to Customers and other third parties, including for example industry organizations, as necessary for DoubleVerify to carry out its business purposes of providing, maintaining and improving the Fraud Elimination portion of our Solutions and combat ad-fraud.
We do not share your Personal Information with our Customers. Any reports and analytics we make available to Customers via our Reporting Portal are anonymous, which means they do not contain Personal Information. The reports are generally aggregated, but in limited circumstances impression level reporting is provided to our Customers, via FTP end points or APIs, provided that such reports do not contain any Personal Information. We may share Technical Information, which is anonymous, in aggregated formats or in its raw form, with third parties as we deem necessary to carry out our business purposes of providing, maintaining and improving the Solutions. Additionally, we may share anonymous or de-identified data on an aggregate basis in the normal course of operating our business; for example, to publish case studies and reports to show trends about the benefits and performance of our Solutions.
For the avoidance of doubt, DoubleVerify does not make disclosures of Personal Information to entities that operate as a “business” or a “third party” under laws such as the CCPA.
6. How long do we keep Personal Information?
DoubleVerify retains any Personal Information processed through its Solutions only as long as necessary to effectuate the purposes outlined in this Solutions Privacy Notice, and in no event longer than forty-five (45) days. Upon the expiration of that period, the Personal Information is securely purged from DoubleVerify’s systems.
Fraud Tables may be retained indefinitely to ensure the proper functionality of the Fraud Elimination Solution.
Technical Information, as it is anonymous in nature, may be retained by DoubleVerify indefinitely or as long as otherwise provided for in DoubleVerify’s policies and permitted by applicable laws and DoubleVerify’s agreements with its Customers.
7. How is Personal Information secured?
DoubleVerify has implemented appropriate technical, physical and organizational measures designed to protect Personal Information against accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, damage, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, as well as all other forms of unlawful processing. While we follow generally accepted standards and best practices to protect Personal Information, no method of storage or transmission is 100% secure. However, we are constantly working to improve our safeguards and keep your Personal Information secure.
8. How is Personal Information transferred internationally?
Please be aware that the Personal Information we collect may be transferred to and maintained on servers or databases located outside your state, province, country, or other jurisdiction. While your Personal Information may be transmitted through a local temporary data center to ensure the Solutions are efficient and responsive, DoubleVerify ultimately stores all Personal Information collected through the Solutions in the United States. As a global company, we have office locations in the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Belgium, Finland, Germany, Israel, Canada, Mexico, Brazil, Japan, India, Singapore and Australia. Our employees at these locations may be required to access your Personal Information to support our Solutions. The level of data protection established in some of these locations, such as the United States, may be lower than the one established in the European Union or other jurisdictions that have enacted strong privacy laws and regulations.
We take measures to ensure that your Personal Information is stored safely with us, meeting regulatory privacy and security requirements imposed on European Union businesses. We also ensure that any other recipient of your Personal Information offers an adequate level of protection and security, for instance, by entering into the appropriate back-to-back agreements and, if required, standard contractual clauses or an alternative mechanism for the transfer of data as approved by the European Commission or other applicable regulator. DoubleVerify’s privacy practices, described in this Privacy Notice, comply with the APEC Cross Border Privacy Rules (CBPR) System and the Privacy Recognition for Processors (PRP) system. The APEC CBPR system and the APEC PRP system provide frameworks for organizations to ensure protection of personal information transferred among participating APEC economies. More information about the APEC frameworks can be found
here
. If you have any questions about where we store Personal Information you can contact us as outlined in Section 13 “
How to Contact DoubleVerify
” of this Global Privacy Notice.
In addition, DoubleVerify Inc., and its subsidiaries
Outrigger Media, Inc. d/b/a OpenSlate, Scibids Technology Inc., Zentrick Inc. (“DoubleVerify”),
complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. DoubleVerify has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) under the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. DoubleVerify has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/.
DoubleVerify is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under the DPF, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf.  DoubleVerify complies with the DPF Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU, UK, and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over DoubleVerify’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. In certain situations, DoubleVerify may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, DoubleVerify commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request for more information or to file a complaint.  These dispute resolution services are provided at no cost to you.
For complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website.
9. What are your rights?
End Users in certain jurisdictions may have data subject rights enabling them to make requests related to their Personal Information. Most jurisdictions also provide End Users with the right to be informed of how any Personal Information is collected, used and with whom it may have been shared or disclosed, as well as for what purposes. DoubleVerify’s Solutions Privacy Notice is intended to meet any such requirements, but if you have any additional questions or would like to better understand how your Personal Information may have been collected, used or with whom it may have been shared or disclosed, and why, please contact us by using Section 13 “
How to Contact DoubleVerify
” below.
Residents of the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, Switzerland or California, among others, have several rights under the applicable privacy laws and regulations, such as under the GDPR and the CCPA. To exercise these rights, you can use
this Form
or contact us using Section 13 “
How to Contact DoubleVerify
” below. In accordance with certain laws and regulations, such as the CCPA, you may also designate an authorized agent to submit a request or exercise a right on your behalf. We will not discriminate or retaliate against you for exercising your rights.
These rights are:
The right to access to any Personal Information we may hold about you, including information about the categories and the specific pieces of Personal Information.
The right to correct any inaccurate Personal Information we may hold about you. Please keep in mind that due to the nature of the Personal Information we collect and the method of our collection, it is highly unlikely that we hold Personal Information that is inaccurate or that would meet the circumstances requiring a correction.
The right to request that DoubleVerify delete any Personal Information we may hold about you.
The right to request that the processing of Personal Information about you be suspended or restricted for a period of time, for example, while you assess whether you have other rights you would want to exercise.
To the extent your Personal Information is processed based on a legitimate interest, you have a right to object to such processing.
To the extent your Personal Information is processed based on your consent, to withdraw such consent via the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework.
To the fullest extent possible, we fulfill any request related to an End User provided we can match the End User to Personal Information we hold on our systems. However, in certain circumstances we may be required to verify your identity to fulfill a request. To verify your identity or understand the scope of your request we may need to request additional information about you. You will not be required to create an account with us to submit a request or have it fulfilled. You will need to provide an email address so we can communicate with you and support your request, as well as any information we may need to allow us to verify whether we hold any Personal Information about you. Please be aware that circumstances may exist that will render us unable to fulfill your request, but if we are unable to fulfill your request we will explain why. To the extent we do not hold any Personal Information about you we will let you know. We make best efforts to respond to all inquiries and requests as soon as reasonably possible, but please allow up to thirty (30) days for us to respond.
To the extent DoubleVerify serves as a “processor”, “contractor” or “service provider”, as defined in the applicable law, you may need to direct your requests to exercise your rights to the relevant Customer who serves as the “controller” or “business”.
10. Additional Disclosures
Certain privacy laws and regulations, such as the CCPA, require businesses to disclose whether they sell Personal Information. DoubleVerify does not disclose Personal Information in a way that would constitute a “sale” or “sharing” under California, Virginia, Nevada or similar laws.
11. Does DoubleVerify use Artificial Intelligence?
DoubleVerify uses Artificial Intelligence (“AI”) in various capacities and ways throughout the organization. While DoubleVerify makes use of AI technologies, we do not engage in “automated decision making” as defined by applicable privacy laws and regulations.
12. Governing law
To the extent applicable and permitted by applicable laws and regulations, this Solutions Privacy Notice is governed by and interpreted in accordance with the internal laws of the state of Delaware, and jurisdiction and venue for any dispute will be in Delaware.
13. Do we update this Solutions Privacy Notice?
We may update this Solutions Privacy Notice from time to time to reflect changes in our Solutions, practices, policies or other internal or external changes, as well as to comply with new legal requirements. Any changes will be posted as soon as they go into effect. If we make updates, we will update the “effective date” listed at the top of this Solutions Privacy Notice to help you understand when changes were made. To stay informed of any such updates, we encourage you to refer back to this Solutions Privacy Notice regularly.  Please note that any translation of this Solutions Privacy Notice is intended solely to facilitate your access to this information. The English version is the only official version of this Solutions Privacy Notice and any translation inaccuracies or discrepancies are not binding and have no legal effect for compliance or enforcement purposes.
14. How can you contact DoubleVerify?
If you have any questions, concerns or comments about this Solutions Privacy Notice, or you believe your Personal Information has been used in a way that is not consistent with the Privacy Notice or your choices, you can contact our Privacy Team at:
Privacy Officer / Data Protection Officer (Privacy Team) Contact Information
DoubleVerify Inc.
462 Broadway
New York, NY 10013
privacy-policy@doubleverify.com
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.- based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
. We are committed to achieving a fair resolution of any complaint or concern you may have about your privacy or this Solutions Privacy Notice. However, if you believe we have not been able to assist you, nothing in this Solutions Privacy Notice limits or attempts to limit your rights under applicable laws, including your ability, depending on your country of residence, to file a complaint with your local Data Protection Authority or other agency with jurisdiction over privacy related matters.
تاريخ السريان: 28 يونيو 2024
نظرة عامة
إنّ شركة DoubleVerify Inc.‎، والشركات العالمية التابعة لها (يُشار إليها مجتمعة في ما يلي باسم “
DoubleVerify
” أو ضمير المتكلم المنفصل “
نحن
” أو المتصل “
نا
“) هي الشركة الرائدة في مجال توفير الشفافية والمساءلة في الإعلانات عبر الإنترنت. تستخدم شركة DoubleVerify العديد من التقنيات لجمع المعلومات حول الإعلانات عبر الإنترنت، وحركة ارتياد الموقع الإلكتروني، وحركة الإقبال على تطبيق الأجهزة المحمولة، وحركة الإقبال على الأجهزة المتصلة من أجل توفير منتجات وحلول الشفافية والمساءلة في الإعلانات (يُشار إليها مجتمعة باسم “
الحلول
“). إنّ إشعار الخصوصية هذا (والمُشار إليه في ما يلي باسم “
إشعار خصوصية
الحلول
“) يعرّف عنّا، ويُوضح كيف نجمع المعلومات الشخصية ونستخدمها ونشاركها من خلال حلولنا، فضلًا عن كيفية إمكانك ممارسة حقوقك في الخصوصية.
إذا كنت ترغب في الحصول على مزيدٍ من المعلومات حول كيفية معالجة شركة DoubleVerify للمعلومات الشخصية التي يتم جمعها على مواقعنا الإلكترونية المتاحة للجمهور، فيُرجى زيارة
مواقعنا الإلكترونية وإشعار خصوصية التسويق.
إذا كنت تستخدم حلول شركة DoubleVerify وتريد مزيدًا من المعلومات حول كيفية معالجة شركة DoubleVerify للمعلومات الشخصية التي يتم جمعها من خلال أدوات الإبلاغ الخاصة بنا، فيُرجى زيارة
إشعارنا لخصوصية أدوات الإبلاغ.
روابط سريعة
نوصيك بقراءة إشعار خصوصية الحلول هذا بالكامل لضمان أن تكون على علم تام. ومع ذلك، لتسهيل العثور على أجزاء مُعيّنة من إشعار خصوصية الحلول هذا ومراجعتها، قسّمناه إلى الأقسام التالية:
من هي شركة DoubleVerify؟
ما هو دورنا وما هي أهدافنا والأسس القانونية لمعالجة المعلومات؟
ما هي البيانات التي نجمعها ولأي أغراض؟
كيف نستخدم البيانات التي نجمعها؟
كيف نفصح عن البيانات وإلى من نفصح عنها؟
كم من الوقت نحتفظ بالمعلومات الشخصية؟
كيف يتم صون المعلومات الشخصية؟
كيف يتم نقل المعلومات الشخصية دوليًا؟
ما هي حقوقك؟
الإفصاحات الإضافية
هل تلجأ DoubleVerify إلى استخدام الذكاء الاصطناعي؟
القانون الحاكم
هل نحدّث إشعار خصوصية الحلول هذا؟
كيف يمكنك الاتصال بشركة DoubleVerify؟
1. من هي شركة DoubleVerify؟
توفر منصات شركة DoubleVerify المعتمدة قياسًا مستقلًا للوسائط الرقمية والبيانات والتحليلات حول توصيل ظهور الإعلانات وحركة ارتياد الموقع الإلكتروني، لمساعدة المعلنين والوكالات وبائعي مخزون الإعلانات (يُشار إليهم معًا باسم “
العملاء
“) على تأكيد خصائص التوصيل الدقيقة، بما في ذلك سلامة العلامة التجارية، ومقاييس قابلية العرض، والمعلمات السياقية والبيئية (على سبيل المثال، الموقع الإلكتروني الذي يظهر عليه الإعلان، ومكان ظهوره على صفحة الويب)، وظهور الإعلان، وخصائص جودة حركة ارتياد الموقع الإلكتروني، وتقديم الرؤى التي تسمح لعملائنا باتخاذ قرارات مستنيرة بشأن تعيين موضع منتجاتهم الإبداعية وعلامتهم التجارية.
نحن نؤمن بتوفير حماية قوية للخصوصية لأي فرد قد نعالج معلوماته بأي صفة – لأننا نؤمن بأن الخصوصية هي حق أساسي، وليس شيئًا يجب أن يعتمد على المكان الذي تعيش فيه. وللالتزام بهذا المبدأ، نتعامل مع أي بيانات تتعلق أو ترتبط بفرد محدد هويته أو يمكن تحديدها على أنها “معلومات شخصية” بغض النظر عن موقع هذا الفرد. وطالما كانت المعلومات تتعلق بحلولنا، تقتصر أي معلومات تجمعها DoubleVerify على المعلومات التي لا تسمح بتحديد هوية شخص بعينه من دون معلومات إضافية. فعلى سبيل المثال، تعالج DoubleVerify عنوان بروتوكول الإنترنت (“IP”) وهو رقم يتم تعيينه تلقائيًا إلى جهاز كمبيوتر عند استخدام الإنترنت. وعلى الرغم من أنّ DoubleVerify تتعامل مع هذه المعلومات على أنها معلومات شخصية، وفقًا لأفضل الممارسات والقوانين المعمول بها، فإننا لا نجمع مطلقًا هذه المعلومات مع أي بيانات أخرى من شأنها أن تتيح لنا تحديد هوية الشخص الذي تتعلق به.
يهدف إشعار خصوصية الحلول هذا إلى إبلاغ الأفراد الذين قد تتم معالجة بياناتهم من خلال حلولنا (والمشار إليهم في ما يلي باسم “
المستخدم النهائي (المستخدمين النهائيين)
” أو ضمير المخاطب “
أنت
” وضمير المخاطب المتصل المفرد “
ك
“) بما يلي: (1) أنواع المعلومات التي قد تجمعها شركة DoubleVerify عنك أو عن جهازك عندما يتم توصيل إعلان يتم تحليله بواسطتنا إليك على موقع ويب تشاهده أو في تطبيق تستخدمه، و(2) ممارسات الخصوصية لدينا، كيف يمكننا استخدام المعلومات التي تُعتبر معلومات شخصية ومشاركتها وبخلاف ذلك معالجتها، و(3) حقوقك في ما يتعلق بهذه المعلومات الشخصية. يشرح إشعار خصوصية الحلول هذا أيضًا المعلومات غير الشخصية (المُشار إليه في ما يلي باسم “
المعلومات الفنية
“) التي نجمعها حول الإعلانات التي نتتبّعها وكيفية استخدامنا لتلك المعلومات الفنية لتشغيل حلولنا.
2. ما هو دورنا وما هي أهدافنا والأسس القانونية لمعالجة المعلومات؟
تتطلّب حلول شركة DoubleVerify للتعرّف على الاحتيال والقضاء عليه (“
القضاء على الاحتيال
“) والتحقق من التوافق الجغرافي (“
التحقق الجغرافي
“) معالجة المعلومات الشخصية. باستثناء الظروف المحدودة الموضحة أدناه، في ما يتعلق بالقوانين واللوائح مثل اللائحة العامة لحماية البيانات (“
اللائحة العامة لحماية البيانات
“)، تدير شركة DoubleVerify عملية القضاء على الاحتيال باعتبارها “جهة مراقبة البيانات”، والتحقق الجغرافي باعتبارها “جهة معالجة البيانات”. في ما يتعلق بقانون خصوصية المستهلك في ولاية كاليفورنيا (“
قانون خصوصية المستهلك في ولاية كاليفورنيا
“) والأطر التنظيمية لولايات أميركية أخرى، قد تختلف صفة عملنا بناءً على العلاقة المحددة مع كل عميل. ونظرًا لأن المعلومات الشخصية التي نعالجها يتم جمعها من خلال تقنيتنا و”إتاحتها” لنا من قبل عملائنا، فإننا نعمل عمومًا “كمقاول” بموجب قانون خصوصية المستهلك في ولاية كاليفورنيا أو بصفتنا “جهة معالجة بيانات” بموجب قوانين الولايات الأميركية الأخرى وأطرها التنظيمية. وبصرف النظر عما سبق، في ظروف محدودة عندما تتم مشاركة المعلومات الشخصية مع شركة DoubleVerify عبر عمليات التكامل المصممة خصيصًا والوسائل الأخرى غير القياسية، على سبيل المثال عندما يتم جمع هذه المعلومات الشخصية وتقديمها من قبل عميل للاعتماد عليها في تحليل تجريه شركة DoubleVerify، قد نعمل بصفة “جهة معالجة للبيانات” أو “مقدم خدمة” بموجب قانون خصوصية المستهلك في ولاية كاليفورنيا. هذا السيناريو هو الأكثر شيوعًا في شراكاتنا مع عملاء وسائل التواصل الاجتماعي والعملاء الآخرين الذين يعملون في بيئات خاضعة لملكية خاصة، وغالبًا ما يشار إليه باسم “الحدائق المسوّرة”.
باستثناء القضاء على الاحتيال، بما في ذلك على النحو المطلوب لتأهيل ظهور الإعلانات وفقًا لممارسات القطاع القياسية (على سبيل المثال، إرشادات مجلس تصنيفات وسائل الإعلام)، والتحقق الجغرافي، لا تتطلب حلول شركة DoubleVerify الأخرى (مثل قابلية العرض، وسلامة العلامة التجارية، والملاءمة) معالجة المعلومات الشخصية بشكل عام. ومع ذلك، هناك ظروف، مثل الحالات التي يجوز لنا فيها تقديم هذه الحلول إلى العملاء الذين يوظفون تقنية “الحدائق المسوّرة”، حيث قد يطلب هؤلاء العملاء، بصفتهم مراقبي بيانات، من DoubleVerify معالجة معلومات شخصية إضافية للمستخدمين النهائيين أو الأفراد الذين يقومون بإنشاء حسابات ومحتوى في بيئات العميل. وفي أي سيناريو من هذا القبيل، فإن ماهية البيانات الشخصية التي تتم معالجتها يُحدّدها العملاء الذين يحددون أيضًا، من منطلق دورهم كمراقبين، وفقًا لتقديرهم الخاص، الأساس القانوني لمعالجة هذه المعلومات الشخصية. للحصول على مزيد من المعلومات حول ممارسات الخصوصية هذه لدى العملاء، والمعلومات الشخصية التي تتم معالجتها والأساس القانوني المعمول به للمعالجة، يجب مراجعة إشعار أو بيانات الخصوصية ذات الصلة والمطبقة لدى كل عميل. إذا اتصلت على شركة DoubleVerify للاستفسار عن هذه البرامج، يمكننا تقديم بعض المعلومات الأساسية حول العمل الذي نقوم به لهؤلاء العملاء، ولكننا نوصيك بالاتصال بالعميل الفردي أو مراجعة وثائق الخصوصية المتوافرة على المواقع الخاصة به.
نظرًا لأحكام القانون، مثل اللائحة العامة لحماية البيانات، يراعي الأساس القانوني لمعالجة شركة DoubleVerify المعلومات الشخصية من خلال حلولنا، المصلحة المشروعة لكل من: (1) عملائنا، لتجنب الاحتيال المرتبط بالإعلانات وتقديم معلومات دقيقة جغرافيًا ومتوافقة للمستخدمين النهائيين، و(2) المستخدمين النهائيين، في الحصول على معلومات خالية من الاحتيال ومعلومات دقيقة جغرافيًا ومتوافقة، و(3) عامة الناس، في التوافر المستمر للإنترنت المجاني.
تشارك شركة DoubleVerify في إطار الشفافية والموافقة الخاص بمكتب الإعلانات التفاعلية (IAB) (إطار الشفافية والموافقة (TCF) النسخة 2.2 – مُعرّف المورّد 126)، ونستخدم المصلحة المشروعة كأساس لجمع البيانات للأغراض التالية:
ضمان الأمن، ومنع الاحتيال واكتشافه وإصلاح الأخطاء (الغرض الخاص 1)
تقديم الإعلانات والمحتوى وعرضهم (الهدف الخاص 2)
حفظ خيارات الخصوصية والإبلاغ بها (الهدف الخاص 3)
قياس أداء الإعلان (الغرض 7)
تطوير الخدمات وتحسينها (الغرض 10)
في سيناريوهات محدودة، إنّ الكيان المسؤول عن إطار الشفافية والموافقة الخاص بمكتب الإعلانات التفاعلية بشأن الملكية حيث تعمل حلول شركة DoubleVerify، قد يجعل عملية التحقق الجغرافي لدينا خاضعة للموافقة. وفي هذه الحالات المحدودة للغاية، ستنطبق الموافقة على:
استخدام بيانات محدودة لتحديد الإعلانات (الغرض 2)
قياس أداء الإعلان (الغرض 7)
تطوير الخدمات وتحسينها (الغرض 10)
3. ما هي البيانات التي نجمعها ولأي أغراض؟
تقوم DoubleVerify، لتنفيذ أغراض الأعمال الخاصة بها المتمثلة في توفير حلولها وصيانتها وتحسينها، بجمع فئات معينة من المعلومات الشخصية والمعلومات الفنية واستخدامها. في ما يلي توضيح لفئات المعلومات الشخصية والمعلومات الفنية التي تتم معالجتها من خلال حلول DoubleVerify. إلى الحد الذي تكون فيه المعلومات الشخصية مطلوبة لتشغيل ميزة أو أكثر من ميزات حل DoubleVerify، لن يتم استخدام هذه المعلومات الشخصية إلا للأغراض المحددة الموضحة أدناه، ما لم يتطلب القانون خلاف ذلك. بالإضافة إلى ذلك، في بعض الظروف، قد يكون من الضروري معالجة المعلومات الشخصية بالاقتران مع بعض المعلومات الفنية لحلول DoubleVerify للعمل بشكل صحيح. في أي من هذه السيناريوهات، تُعتبر البيانات المجمعة معلومات شخصية وتتم حمايتها وفقًا لذلك. لا نعمد أبدًا إلى دمج المعلومات الشخصية والمعلومات الفنية التي نعالجها أو تحليلها أو إثرائها بمعلومات إضافية بهدف تحديد هوية المستخدمين النهائيين. نحن لا نتتبعك أبدًا ولا نتتبع أنشطتك على الإنترنت عبر التطبيقات والمواقع الإلكترونية أو مع مرور الوقت، ولا نعتمد على التقنيات الدائمة مثل ملفات تعريف الارتباط الخاصة بالأطراف الثالثة ولا ننشئ ملفات تعريف الارتباط أو مجموعات من الجمهور لاستهداف الأفراد.
فئات المعلومات الفنية التي تم جمعها واستخدامها لتشغيل حلول DoubleVerify:
سمات الحملة الإعلانية – يتم جمع معرف المعلِن الذي يقدم إعلانًا، ومعرفات الحملات ومعرفات تعيين الموضع الخاصة به، ومعرفات ممتلكات الوسائط التي تبيع المخزون للمعلن أو أي منصة إعلانية وسيطة، ومعالجتها لتحديد هوية العميل الذي نقدم الخدمة له، وتطبيق الإعدادات الصحيحة للعميل، وتقسيم تقارير العميل وفقًا لهذه المعرفات، وإصدار فاتورة للعميل.
سمات محتوى الويب – يتم جمع عنوان الويب (URL) للصفحة/الإطار الذي يتم تسليم الإعلان إليه، وعنوان أي صفحات/إطارات إحالة لضمان تسليم الإعلانات في السياق الصحيح الذي حدده عميلنا في إعدادات ملف التعريف في نظامنا.
سمات تطبيق الجوال – اسم تطبيق الجوال، معرف تطبيق الجوال، متجر التطبيقات، مطور التطبيق، التصنيفات النجمية للتطبيق، تصنيف عمر التطبيق وغيرها من المعلومات المتاحة للجمهور حول تطبيق الجوال الذي يتم تسليم الإعلان إليه. تُستخدم هذه المعلومات لضمان توصيل الإعلانات في السياق الصحيح الذي حدده عميلنا في إعدادات ملف التعريف في نظامنا.
سمات البيئة الرقمية – نوع الجهاز المتصل الذي يتم توصيل الإعلان إليه: يتم جمع معلومات عن الجوال أو جهاز الكمبيوتر المكتبي أو التلفزيون المتصل أو أي جهاز آخر، ونوع المتصفح المستخدم وإصداره لعرض الصفحة التي يظهر فيها الإعلان ونظام التشغيل، لتحديد أي إصدار من الكود الخاص بنا قد يعمل بشكل صحيح في تلك البيئة، ولقياس ما إذا كان الإعلان قد أتيحت له الفرصة لكي يصبح قابلًا للعرض على الشاشة وفقًا لمعايير الصناعة التي تختلف بين البيئات.
سمات قابلية العرض – يتم جمع موقع الإعلان على الصفحة، وحجم الإعلان، وحجم الشاشة، وحجم منفذ العرض، وحالة تركيز علامة التبويب، وحالة تركيز المتصفح، والمدة الزمنية التي كان الإعلان فيها في الجزء القابل للعرض من صفحة الويب وموضع التمرير الخاص بصفحة الويب لتحديد عملائنا وإبلاغهم إذا ما أتيحت الفرصة للإعلان كي يصبح قابلًا للعرض على الشاشة.
خصائص التعرض والمشاركة – يتم جمع البيانات التي توضح ما إذا كان قد تم النقر على الإعلان أو تمريره أو لمسه أو تغيير حجمه أو تخطيه أو كتمه أو إيقافه مؤقتًا أو تدويره أو تمرير مؤشر الماوس عليه أو تغييره لمساعدة عملائنا على قياس أداء الإعلان أو الحملة الإعلانية أو ممتلكات وسائط الإعلام.
فئات البيانات التي يتم جمعها واستخدامها للقضاء على الاحتيال:
يتم استخدام معرفات الوجود الإلكتروني ومعرفات الأجهزة المستعارة – أي، عنوان بروتوكول الإنترنت (IP) أو سلسلة وكيل المستخدم أو مشتقات من هاتين القيمتين – من أجل تقييم ما إذا كان الوجود عبر الإنترنت أو الجهاز يشارك في مخطط احتيالي أو يرتبط به.
فئات البيانات التي تم جمعها واستخدامها لتشغيل التحقق الجغرافي:
يتم جمع التواجد الإلكتروني ومعرفات الأجهزة غير المحددة للهوية – عنوان بروتوكول الإنترنت – لتحديد الموقع الجغرافي المقترن بها. يرتبط كل عنوان بروتوكول إنترنت ببلد، وقد يرتبط، داخل الولايات المتحدة، بمعلومات أكثر تحديدًا وصولًا إلى الرمز البريدي. لا يتم مطلقًا جمع معلومات تحدد موقعك الجغرافي الدقيق.
في ظروف محدودة، قد يطلب بعض العملاء من شركة DoubleVerify، مثل العملاء الذي يشغلون “الحديقة (الحدائق) المسوّرة” معالجة معلومات شخصية إضافية لتمكين حلولها. قد تتعلق هذه المعلومات الشخصية الإضافية بالمستخدمين النهائيين، أو بالأفراد الذين يقومون بإنشاء حسابات داخل “الحدائق المسوّرة” أو الأفراد الذين يقومون بإنشاء محتوى يتم نشره في بيئات “الحدائق المسوّرة” هذه. إلى الحد الذي تكون فيه شركة DoubleVerify مطالبة من جانب أحد عملائها الذين يوظفون تقنية “الحدائق المسوّرة” بمعالجة معلومات شخصية إضافية لتمكين حلول معينة، فإن DoubleVerify لا تعالج هذه المعلومات الشخصية إلّا لغرض الوفاء بالتزاماتها تجاه العميل ووفقًا لتعليمات العميل بشكل صارم، على النحو المطلوب لتشغيل الحلول والحفاظ عليها وتحسينها، حيثما أمكن. نحن نعمل بشكل دؤوب مع هؤلاء العملاء لضمان اقتصار المعلومات الشخصية التي تتم معالجتها على المعلومات الشخصية اللازمة فحسب لتحقيق هذه الأغراض. في ظروف محدودة، قد يؤدي تفاعلنا مع “الحدائق المسوّرة” إلى تلقي معلومات شخصية بشكل عرضي. تعمل DoubleVerify جاهدةً على مراقبة أي حالات من هذا القبيل لضمان عدم معالجة هذه المعلومات الشخصية بعد استلامها إلا بغرض حذفها بشكل آمن من أنظمتنا. ونظرًا لأن الفئات المحددة من المعلومات الشخصية تعتمد في هذه السيناريوهات على التكامل المخصص وقرارات العميل، وتختلف من عميل إلى عميل، إذا كان لديك المزيد من الأسئلة، فإننا نوصيك بالاتصال بالعميل الفردي أو مراجعة وثائق الخصوصية التي يوفرها على مواقعه.
الحلول غير مخصصة أو موجهة لمعالجة المعلومات الشخصية للأطفال. نحن لا نجمع عن علم معلومات شخصية من الأطفال، بحسب تعريف لفظ أطفال في القوانين المعمول بها من وقت لآخر. إذا كنت والدًا أو وصيًا وتعتقد أنّ معلومات طفلك الشخصية قد تمت معالجتها من خلال الحلول، فيُرجى الاتصال بنا باستخدام المعلومات الواردة في القسم 13 “
كيفية الاتصال بـ
DoubleVerify
” أدناه وسنتخذ خطوات لحذف معلوماته الشخصية بأمان من أنظمتنا.
4. كيف نستخدم البيانات التي نجمعها؟
لا تستخدم DoubleVerify المعلومات الفنية والمعلومات الشخصية التي تم جمعها إلا للأغراض الموضحة في القسم 3، “
ما هي البيانات التي نجمعها ولأي أغراض؟
” من إشعار خصوصية الحلول هذا. بصفة عامة، تتم معالجة المعلومات الفنية ومعلوماتك الشخصية لتقديم التقارير ولوحات المعلومات والتعقيبات والرؤى (المُشار إليها في ما يلي باسم “
الإبلاغ
“) إلى عملائنا. يكون أي تقرير من DV، في أي تنسيق، مجهول الهوية ويتم تجميعه أو، إلى الحد الذي تكون فيه معلومات مستوى الظهور مطلوبة، يتم تجريد كل ظهور من معلومات الهوية لضمان عدم مشاركة معلوماتك الشخصية مع العملاء مطلقًا. وبصرف النظر عما سبق، فإن التقارير التي تم إنشاؤها للعملاء الذين يعملون باستخدام تقنية “الحدائق المسوّرة” (على سبيل المثال شركات وسائل التواصل الاجتماعي) والعملاء الآخرين الذين يعتمدون على مثل هذه التقارير (على سبيل المثال الشركات التي تنشر إعلانات في موجزات وسائل التواصل الاجتماعي) قد تتضمن معلومات الأفراد الذين يقومون بإنشاء حسابات داخل مثل هذه “الحدائق المسورة” أو الأفراد الذين ينشئون المحتوى المنشور في بيئات “الحدائق المسوّرة”. يقدّم هذا القسم رؤية إضافية حول كيفية معالجة المعلومات الفنية ومعلوماتك الشخصية لتحقيق أغراض الأعمال المحددة في القسم 3 من إشعار خصوصية الحلول هذا.
تستخدم DoubleVerify المعلومات الفنية التي تم جمعها من خلال الحلول، كما هو محدد في القسم 3.1، بالطرق التالية:
تحليل السياق الذي تُعرض فيه الإعلانات، وجودتها وأصالتها وأدائها، والإبلاغ عنها. وعلى وجه التحديد، فإن المعلومات التي توضح ما إذا كان الإعلان الذي يتم عرضه يتوافق مع المتطلبات القانونية ومتطلبات تعيين الموضع المحددة مسبقًا الخاصة بالعميل، بالإضافة إلى إعدادات التفضيل التي وضعها العميل في نظامنا.
تقديم الرؤى واتخاذ القرارات الاستباقية بشأن فرص الظهور. تقوم تقنية DoubleVerify بتحليل خصائص البيانات الخاصة بفرصة الظهور وتحديد ما إذا كان يجب عرض إعلان العميل أم لا، على سبيل المثال من خلال تحديد أنّ المحتوى المحيط لا يتماشى مع العلامة التجارية لذلك العميل وتفضيلاته.
تستخدم DoubleVerify المعلومات الفنية والمعلومات الشخصية التي يتم جمعها من خلال الحلول، على النحو المحدد في القسمين 3.1 و3.2، من أجل:
مراجعة وتحديد مرات ظهور معينة للإعلان تكون احتيالية بسبب إنشائها بواسطة متصفحات غير بشرية يتم التحكم فيها بواسطة الروبوتات.
تقييم حركة المرور غير الصالحة وتحديدها، مثل حركة المرور الناتجة عن حاقنات الإعلانات، وحركة المرور التي تنشأ في مراكز البيانات، وحركة المرور الخاطئة، وحركة المرور التي تمت مضاهاتها وغيرها من أنواع حركة المرور غير الصالحة.
تحليل وتحديد المواقع الإلكترونية وتطبيقات الجوال والأجهزة المتصلة وخصائص الوسائط التي لها حركة مرور احتيالية و/أو تُنشئ ظهورًا احتياليًا للإعلانات.
تحديد أنماط حركة المرور عبر المواقع الإلكترونية المشاركة في نشاط إعلاني احتيالي.
التمييز بين حركة المرور التي يتم إنشاؤها بواسطة متصفحات غير بشرية يُتحكّم فيها بواسطة الروبوتات والمتصفحات البشرية.
تحديد ما إذا كانت الإعلانات التي يتم تحليلها تتبع المتطلبات والتفضيلات القانونية المعمول بها التي يحددها عملاؤنا.
تحديد ما إذا كان البرنامج الوسيط يحاول تحريف خصائصه التشغيلية لمنع تحديد الاحتيال أو غيره من حركة المرور غير الصالحة.
تحديد ما إذا كانت حركة المرور في الموقع الإلكتروني أو ظهور الإعلانات تنشأ من مجموعة الخوادم بدلًا من نشاط التصفح الذي يقوم به الإنسان.
تحديد ما إذا كان يتم الحصول على حركة المرور من خلال ممارسات احتيالية أو من خلال ممارسات أخرى للاستحواذ على حركة المرور لا تتوافق مع إرشادات العميل أو تفضيلاته.
إنشاء سجلات لعناوين بروتوكول الإنترنت وسلاسل وكلاء المستخدم المرتبطة بالمخططات الاحتيالية وحركة المرور غير البشرية (“جداول الاحتيال”). نظرًا لأنّ نقاط البيانات هذه مرتبطة بتفاعلات غير بشرية، فإنها لا تشكل معلومات شخصية.
تستخدم DoubleVerify، لتمكين حل التحقق الجغرافي، المعلومات الفنية والمعلومات الشخصية التي يتم جمعها من خلال الحلول، على النحو المحدد في القسم 3.3، من أجل:
تقييم، على مستوى عالٍ (الدولة أو الولاية أو المنطقة أو، بالنسبة للمقيمين في الولايات المتحدة، الرمز البريدي)، الموقع الجغرافي للمستخدم النهائي والتحقق مما إذا كان المستخدم النهائي موجودًا في حملة العميل أو إعدادات حركة المرور.
إلى الحد الذي تكون فيه شركة DoubleVerify مطالبة من جانب أحد عملائها الذين يوظفون تقنية “الحدائق المسوّرة” بمعالجة معلومات شخصية إضافية لتمكين حلول معينة، فإن DoubleVerify لا تعالج هذه المعلومات الشخصية إلّا لغرض الوفاء بالتزاماتها تجاه العميل ووفقًا لتعليمات العميل بشكل صارم، على النحو المطلوب لتشغيل الحلول والحفاظ عليها وتحسينها، حيثما أمكن. إذا كانت لديك أي أسئلة، نوصيك بالاتصال بالعميل الفردي أو مراجعة وثائق الخصوصية التي يوفرها على مواقعه.
5. كيف نفصح عن البيانات وإلى من نفصح عنها؟
لا تُفصح DoubleVerify عن المعلومات الشخصية لأطراف ثالثة، باستثناء ما يكون ضروريًا للغاية لأغراض أعمالنا لتشغيل حلولنا وصيانتها وتحسينها. إلى الحد الذي نشارك فيه طوعًا أي معلومات شخصية، نضمن حمايتها من قبل المستلمين بطريقة تتفق مع سياساتنا ومعاييرنا.
قد نشارك معلوماتك الشخصية مع:
مقدمي الخدمات – الشركات التي تعاقدنا معها لتقديم خدمات لنا مثل تكنولوجيا المعلومات وإدارة النظام والبنية التحتية وخدمات الاستضافة والبحث والتحليلات والدعم وضمان الجودة والأمن والخدمات الأخرى للأغراض ووفقًا للأساس القانوني الموضح أعلاه. يمكنك طلب قائمة بمزودي الخدمات التابعين لنا، وما هي المعلومات الشخصية التي يتلقونها، وما هي الأغراض من خلال الاتصال بنا. يمكنك الاطلاع على معلومات الاتصال في القسم 13 “
كيفية الاتصال بـ
DoubleVerify
” من إشعار خصوصية الحلول هذا.
الشركات التابعة – مثل الشركة الأم أو الشركات الشقيقة أو الشركات الفرعية أو المشاريع المشتركة أو الشركات الأخرى الخاضعة للسيطرة المشتركة، إلى الحد اللازم لتشغيل حلولنا وصيانتها وتحسينها. يمكنك طلب قائمة بالشركات التابعة لنا، وبالمعلومات الشخصية التي يتلقونها، والأغراض من تلقيها، من خلال الاتصال بنا. يمكنك الاطلاع على معلومات الاتصال في القسم 13 “
كيفية الاتصال بـ
DoubleVerify
” من إشعار خصوصية الحلول هذا.
الأطراف الثالثة التي يستعين بها عملاؤنا – لدعم عملائنا، قد نقوم بدمج حلولنا مع الأدوات والخدمات الأخرى التي يستعين بها عملاؤنا لتقديم خدمات محسّنة وقدرات الإبلاغ. لا نتلقى تحت أي ظرف من الظروف بيانات من عمليات التكامل هذه التي تمكّن DoubleVerify من إثراء بياناتنا وتحديد المستخدمين النهائيين. في سيناريوهات محدودة، قد نشارك معلومات مستوى الظهور مع الشركات التي يستعين بها عملاؤنا لإجراء أبحاث حول فعالية التسويق. في ظروف محدودة، قد يطلب منا عملاؤنا مشاركة بعض المعلومات الشخصية المطلوبة لتمكين وظيفة منتج أو خدمة لا تديرها شركة DoubleVerify.
الأطراف الثالثة المشاركة في معاملة مؤسسية – في حالة الاستحواذ على DoubleVerify أو دمجها مع شركة أخرى، أو في حالة إعادة تنظيمها أو حلّها أو إجراء أي تغيير مؤسسي أساسي آخر.
قد يُطلب منا قانونًا الإفصاح عن معلوماتك الشخصية:
(أ) إذا طلبت جهة حكومية أو هيئة تحكيم أو هيئة إنفاذ قانون أو هيئة تنظيمية ذلك الإفصاح (في سياق تحقيق مستمر أو مذكرة استدعاء أو مسألة أو دعوى قانونية مماثلة على سبيل المثال)؛
(ب) وفقًا لما يقتضيه أي قانون أو لائحة أو قاعدة معمول بها؛ و
(ج) إذا كنا نعتقد بحسن نية أنّ هذا الإفصاح ضروري لحماية حقوقنا أو حقوق الآخرين أو للدفاع عنها، أو للمساعدة في تحقيق أو لمنع نشاط غير قانوني.
قد تتم مشاركة جداول الاحتيال وغيرها من التقارير المتعلقة بالقضاء على الاحتيال وإدخال البيانات وواجهات برمجة التطبيقات ولوحات المعلومات التي لا تحتوي على معلومات شخصية، مع العملاء والأطراف الثالثة الأخرى أو إتاحتها لهم، بما في ذلك، على سبيل المثال، مؤسسات الصناعة، التي تكون ضرورية لقيام DoubleVerify بتنفيذ أغراض الأعمال الخاصة بها المتمثلة في توفير جزء القضاء على الاحتيال من حلولنا والحفاظ عليه وتحسينه ومكافحة الاحتيال الإعلاني.
نحن لا نشارك معلوماتك الشخصية مع عملائنا. تكون أي تقارير وتحليلات نوفرها للعملاء عبر بوابة الإبلاغ الخاصة بنا مجهولة الهوية، مما يعني أنها لا تحتوي على معلومات شخصية. يتم تجميع التقارير بشكل عام، ولكن في ظروف محدودة يتم تقديم تقارير مستوى الظهور إلى عملائنا، عبر نقاط نهاية بروتوكول نقل الملفات (FTP) أو واجهات برمجة التطبيقات، شريطة ألّا تحتوي هذه التقارير على أي معلومات شخصية. يجوز لنا مشاركة المعلومات الفنية، التي تكون غير محدّدة للهوية، بتنسيقات مجمعة أو في شكلها الأولي، مع أطراف ثالثة حسبما نراه ضروريًا لتنفيذ أغراض أعمالنا الخاصة بتوفير الحلول وصيانتها وتحسينها. بالإضافة إلى ذلك، قد نشارك بيانات غير محدّدة للهوية أو غير المُعرِّفة على أساس إجمالي في السياق العادي لتشغيل أعمالنا؛ على سبيل المثال، نشر دراسات حالة وتقارير لإظهار الاتجاهات البارزة بشأن فوائد حلولنا وأدائها.
ولتجنب الشك، لا تُقدِم شركة DoubleVerify على الإفصاح عن المعلومات الشخصية للكيانات التي تعمل “كشركة” أو “كطرف ثالث” بموجب قوانين مثل قانون خصوصية المستهلك في ولاية كاليفورنيا.
6. كم من الوقت نحتفظ بالمعلومات الشخصية؟
لا تحتفظ DoubleVerify بأي معلومات شخصية تتم معالجتها من خلال حلولها إلا إذا كان ذلك ضروريًا لتنفيذ الأغراض الموضحة في إشعار خصوصية الحلول هذا، وفي أي حال من الأحوال لمدة لا تزيد عن خمسة وأربعين (45) يومًا. عند انتهاء تلك الفترة، تتم إزالة المعلومات الشخصية بأمان من أنظمة DoubleVerify.
يمكن الاحتفاظ بجداول الاحتيال إلى أجل غير مسمى لضمان الأداء الوظيفي المناسب لحل القضاء على الاحتيال.
قد تحتفظ DoubleVerify بالمعلومات الفنية، إذ إنها غير محدّدة للهوية بطبيعتها، إلى أجل غير مسمى أو طالما كان ذلك منصوصًا عليه في سياسات DoubleVerify ومسموحًا به بموجب القوانين المعمول بها واتفاقيات DoubleVerify مع عملائها.
7. كيف يتم صون المعلومات الشخصية؟
لقد نفذّت شركة DoubleVerify التدابير الفنية والمادية والتنظيمية المناسبة المصممة لحماية المعلومات الشخصية من الدمار العرضي أو غير القانوني أو الفقدان العرضي أو التلف أو التغيير أو الإفصاح أو الوصول غير المصرح به، بالإضافة إلى كل أشكال المعالجة غير القانونية الأخرى. ومع أننا نلتزم بالمعايير المقبولة عمومًا وبالممارسات الفُضلى لحماية المعلومات الشخصية، غير أنه لا توجد طريقة تخزين أو نقل آمنة بنسبة 100%. ومع ذلك، فنحن نعمل باستمرار على تحسين إجراءاتنا الوقائية والحفاظ على أمن معلوماتك الشخصية.
8. كيف يتم نقل المعلومات الشخصية دوليًا؟
يُرجى العلم بأن المعلومات الشخصية التي نجمعها قد يتم نقلها والاحتفاظ بها على خوادم أو قواعد بيانات تقع خارج ولايتك أو مقاطعتك أو بلدك أو اختصاصك القضائي الآخر. في حين أنه قد يتم نقل معلوماتك الشخصية من خلال مركز بيانات محلي مؤقت لضمان كفاءة الحلول واستجابتها، فإن DoubleVerify تخزّن في النهاية جميع المعلومات الشخصية التي يتم جمعها من خلال الحلول في الولايات المتحدة. بصفتنا شركة عالمية، لدينا مكاتب في الولايات المتحدة والمملكة المتحدة وفرنسا وبلجيكا وفنلندا وألمانيا وإسرائيل وكندا والمكسيك والبرازيل واليابان والهند وسنغافورة وأستراليا. قد يُطلب إلى موظفينا في هذه المواقع الوصول إلى معلوماتك الشخصية لدعم حلولنا. قد يكون مستوى حماية البيانات المحدّد في بعض هذه المواقع، مثل الولايات المتحدة، أقل من المستوى المحدّد في الاتحاد الأوروبي أو الاختصاصات القضائية الأخرى التي سنّت قوانين ولوائح خصوصية قوية.
نتخذ التدابير اللازمة لضمان تخزين معلوماتك الشخصية بأمان معنا، مع الإيفاء بمتطلبات الخصوصية والأمان التنظيمية المفروضة على شركات الاتحاد الأوروبي. كما نضمن أيضًا أن أي مستلم آخر لمعلوماتك الشخصية يقدم مستوى كافيًا من الحماية والأمن، على سبيل المثال، من خلال إبرام اتفاقيات داعمة مناسبة، وإذا لزم الأمر، بنود تعاقدية قياسية أو آلية بديلة لنقل البيانات على النحو الذي توافق عليه المفوضية الأوروبية أو غيرها من الجهات التنظيمية المناسبة. تمتثل ممارسات الخصوصية في DoubleVerify، الموضحة في إشعار الخصوصية هذا، لنظام قواعد الخصوصية عبر الحدود (CBPR) ونظام التعرّف على خصوصية المعالجين (PRP) في رابطة التعاون الاقتصادي لدول آسيا والمحيط الهادئ (APEC). يوفر نظام قواعد الخصوصية عبر الحدود والمحيط الهادئ ونظام التعرف على خصوصية المعالجين في رابطة التعاون الاقتصادي لدول آسيا والمحيط الهادئ أطر عمل للمؤسسات لضمان حماية المعلومات الشخصية المنقولة بين اقتصادات رابطة التعاون الاقتصادي لدول آسيا والمحيط الهادئ المشاركة. يمكن العثور على مزيدٍ من المعلومات حول أطر عمل رابطة التعاون الاقتصادي لدول آسيا والمحيط الهادئ
هنا
. إذا كانت لديك أي أسئلة حول مكان تخزيننا للمعلومات الشخصية، فيمكنك الاتصال بنا كما هو موضح في القسم 13 “
كيفية الاتصال بـ
DoubleVerify
” من إشعار الخصوصية العالمي هذا.
فضلًا عن ذلك، فإن شركة .DoubleVerify Inc والشركات التابعة لها، شركة .‎‎Outrigger Media, Inc والتي تعمل تحت اسم OpenSlate, Scibids Technology Inc., Zentrick Inc، (والمُشار إليهم في ما يلي باسم “DoubleVerify”) تمتثل لإطار خصوصية البيانات بين الاتحاد الأوروبي والولايات المتحدة، وملحق المملكة المتحدة لإطار خصوصية البيانات بين الاتحاد الأوروبي والولايات المتحدة، وإطار خصوصية البيانات بين سويسرا والولايات المتحدة على النحو المنصوص عليه من قبل وزارة التجارة الأميركية. وأقرت شركة DoubleVerify لوزارة التجارة الأميركية بأنها تلتزم بمبادئ إطار خصوصية البيانات بين الاتحاد الأوروبي والولايات المتحدة في ما يتعلق بمعالجة البيانات الشخصية المستلمة من الاتحاد الأوروبي بالاعتماد على إطار خصوصية البيانات بين الاتحاد الأوروبي والولايات المتحدة ومن المملكة المتحدة (وجبل طارق) بموجب ملحق المملكة المتحدة لإطار خصوصية البيانات بين الاتحاد الأوروبي والولايات المتحدة. وأقرت شركة DoubleVerify لوزارة التجارة الأميركية بأنها تلتزم بمبادئ إطار خصوصية البيانات بين سويسرا والولايات المتحدة في ما يتعلق بمعالجة البيانات الشخصية المستلمة من سويسرا بالاعتماد على إطار خصوصية البيانات بين سويسرا والولايات المتحدة. إذا كان هناك أي تعارض بين الشروط الواردة في سياسة الخصوصية هذه ومبادئ إطار خصوصية البيانات بين الاتحاد الأوروبي والولايات المتحدة و/أو مبادئ إطار خصوصية البيانات بين سويسرا والولايات المتحدة، فتسود المبادئ. لمعرفة المزيد عن برنامج إطار خصوصية البيانات، وللاطلاع على شهادتنا، يُرجى زيارة الموقع ‎https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/‏.
تتحمل شركة DoubleVerify المسؤولية عن معالجة البيانات الشخصية التي تتلقاها، بموجب إطار خصوصية البيانات، وتنقلها بعد ذلك إلى طرف ثالث يتصرف بصفته وكيلًا نيابةً عنها. تمتثل شركة DoubleVerify لمبادئ إطار خصوصية البيانات بالنسبة إلى كل عمليات نقل البيانات الشخصية اللاحقة من الاتحاد الأوروبي، والمملكة المتحدة، وسويسرا، بما في ذلك أحكام المسؤولية عن النقل اللاحق.
تتمتع لجنة التجارة الفيدرالية بالاختصاص القضائي على امتثال شركة DoubleVerify لإطار خصوصية البيانات بين الاتحاد الأوروبي والولايات المتحدة، وملحق المملكة المتحدة لإطار خصوصية البيانات بين الاتحاد الأوروبي والولايات المتحدة، وإطار خصوصية البيانات بين سويسرا والولايات المتحدة. وفي مواقف معينة، قد يُطلب من شركة DoubleVerify الإفصاح عن بيانات شخصية استجابةً للطلبات القانونية من السلطات العامة، بما في ذلك تلبية متطلبات الأمن القومي أو إنفاذ القانون.
وفقًا لإطار خصوصية البيانات بين الاتحاد الأوروبي والولايات المتحدة، وملحق المملكة المتحدة لإطار خصوصية البيانات بين الاتحاد الأوروبي والولايات المتحدة، وإطار خصوصية البيانات بين سويسرا والولايات المتحدة، تلتزم شركة DoubleVerify بإحالة الشكاوى التي لم يتم حلها في ما يتعلق بتعاملنا مع البيانات الشخصية المستلمة بالاعتماد على إطار خصوصية البيانات بين الاتحاد الأوروبي والولايات المتحدة، وملحق المملكة المتحدة لإطار خصوصية البيانات بين الاتحاد الأوروبي والولايات المتحدة، وإطار خصوصية البيانات بين سويسرا والولايات المتحدة، إلى TRUSTe، وهي شركة بديلة لتسوية النزاعات ومقرها الولايات المتحدة. إذا لم تتلقَ من جانبنا إقرارًا في الوقت المناسب بشكواك المتعلقة بمبادئ إطار خصوصية البيانات، أو إذا لم نعالج شكواك المتعلقة بمبادئ إطار خصوصية البيانات على النحو الذي يرضيك، فيُرجى زيارة الموقع ‎https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request‏ للاطلاع على مزيد من المعلومات أو لتقديم شكوى. يتم توفير خدمات تسوية النزاعات هذه من دون أن تتكبّد أي تكلفة.
بالنسبة إلى الشكاوى المتعلقة بالامتثال لإطار خصوصية البيانات التي لم يتم حلها بواسطة أي من آليات إطار خصوصية البيانات الأخرى، لديك إمكانية، في ظل ظروف معينة، اللجوء إلى التحكيم المُلزِم. يمكن العثور على مزيد من المعلومات على الموقع الإلكتروني الرسمي لإطار خصوصية البيانات.
9. ما هي حقوقك؟
قد يتمتع المستخدمون النهائيون في بعض الاختصاصات القضائية بحقوق أصحاب البيانات التي تمكّنهم من تقديم طلبات تتعلق بمعلوماتهم الشخصية. كما تمنح معظم الاختصاصات القضائية المستخدمين النهائيين الحق في أن يتم إبلاغهم بكيفية جمع أي معلومات شخصية واستخدامها ومع من قد تتم مشاركتها أو الإفصاح عنها، وكذلك لأي أغراض. يهدف إشعار خصوصية حلول DoubleVerify إلى تلبية أي من هذه المتطلبات، ولكن إذا كانت لديك أي أسئلة إضافية أو كنت ترغب في فهم كيفية جمع معلوماتك الشخصية أو استخدامها بشكل أفضل، أو معرفة الجهة التي تمت مشاركتها معها أو الإفصاح لها عنها، وسبب ذلك، فيُرجى الاتصال بنا باستخدام القسم 13 “
كيفية الاتصال بـ
DoubleVerify
” أدناه.
يتمتع المقيمون في المنطقة الاقتصادية الأوروبية، أو المملكة المتحدة، أو سويسرا، أو كاليفورنيا، من بين آخرين، بالعديد من الحقوق بموجب قوانين ولوائح الخصوصية المعمول بها، مثل الحقوق بموجب اللائحة العامة لحماية البيانات، وقانون خصوصية المستهلك في ولاية كاليفورنيا. لممارسة هذه الحقوق، يمكنك استخدام
هذا النموذج
أو الاتصال بنا باستخدام القسم 13 “
كيفية الاتصال بـ
DoubleVerify
” أدناه. وفقًا لقوانين ولوائح معيّنة، مثل قانون خصوصية المستهلك في كاليفورنيا، يمكنك أيضًا تعيين وكيل مفوض لتقديم طلب أو ممارسة حق نيابة عنك. لن نمارس التمييز ضدك أو ننتقم منك بسبب ممارسة حقوقك.
وهذه الحقوق هي:
أ) الحق في الوصول إلى أي معلومات شخصية عنك قد نحتفظ بها، بما في ذلك المعلومات المتعلقة بفئات المعلومات الشخصية وأجزاء محددة منها.
ب) الحق في تصحيح أي معلومات شخصية غير دقيقة عنك قد نحتفظ بها. يُرجى أن تضع في اعتبارك أنه نظرًا لطبيعة المعلومات الشخصية التي نجمعها وطريقة جمعها، فمن المستبعد جدًا أن نحتفظ بمعلومات شخصية غير دقيقة أو قد تتناسب مع الظروف التي تتطلب تصحيحًا.
ج) الحق في الطلب من DoubleVerify حذف أي معلومات شخصية عنك قد نحتفظ بها.
د) الحق في طلب تعليق معالجة معلوماتك الشخصية أو تقييدها لفترة من الوقت، على سبيل المثال، أثناء تقييم ما إذا كانت لديك حقوق أخرى قد ترغب في ممارستها.
هـ) إلى الحد الذي تتم فيه معالجة معلوماتك الشخصية بناءً على مصلحة مشروعة، يحق لك الاعتراض على هذه المعالجة.
و) إلى الحد الذي تتم فيه معالجة معلوماتك الشخصية بناءً على موافقتك، يحق لك سحب هذه الموافقة عبر إطار الشفافية والموافقة الخاص بمكتب الإعلانات التفاعلية.
إلى أقصى حدّ ممكن، نلبّي أي طلب يتعلق بالمستخدم النهائي شريطة أن نتمكن من مطابقة المستخدم النهائي بالمعلومات الشخصية التي نحتفظ بها على أنظمتنا. ومع ذلك، في ظروف معينة، قد يُطلب إلينا التحقق من هويتك لتلبية طلب. للتحقق من هويتك أو فهم نطاق طلبك، قد نحتاج إلى طلب معلومات إضافية عنك. لن يُطلب إليك إنشاء حساب معنا لتقديم طلب أو تنفيذه. ستحتاج إلى تقديم عنوان بريد إلكتروني حتى نتمكن من التواصل معك ودعم طلبك، وكذلك أي معلومات قد نحتاجها للسماح لنا بالتحقق مما إذا كنا نحتفظ بأي معلومات شخصية عنك. يُرجى العلم بأن ثمة ظروف قد تجعلنا غير قادرين على تلبية طلبك، ولكننا في هذه الحالة سنشرح لك السبب. إلى الحد الذي لا نحتفظ فيه بأي معلومات شخصية عنك، سنبلغك بذلك. نبذل قصارى جهدنا للرد على جميع الاستفسارات والطلبات في أقرب وقت ممكن بشكل معقول، ولكن يُرجى الانتظار حتى ثلاثين (30) يومًا للرد.
إلى الحد الذي تعمل فيه شركة DoubleVerify “كجهة معالجة للبيانات” أو “كمزود خدمة”، كما هو محدّد في القانون المعمول به، قد تحتاج إلى توجيه طلباتك لممارسة حقوقك مع العميل ذي الصلة الذي يعمل كـ “جهة مراقبة” أو “شركة”.
10. الإفصاحات الإضافية
تتطلب بعض قوانين ولوائح الخصوصية، مثل قانون خصوصية المستهلك في كاليفورنيا، من الشركات الإفصاح عمّا إذا كانت تبيع المعلومات الشخصية أم لا. لا تُفصح شركة DoubleVerify عن المعلومات الشخصية بطريقة قد تشكل “بيعًا” أو “مشاركة” بموجب قوانين ولايات كاليفورنيا وفرجينيا ونيفادا أو قوانين مماثلة لها.
11. هل تلجأ DoubleVerify إلى استخدام الذكاء الاصطناعي؟
تستخدم DoubleVerify تقنيات الذكاء الاصطناعي (ويشار إليها فيما يلي باسم “الذكاء الاصطناعي”) بطرق وقدرات متنوعة في مختلف أقسام المؤسسة. على الرغم من استخدام DoubleVerify لتقنيات الذكاء الاصطناعي، فإننا لا نشارك في “اتخاذ القرارات المؤتمتة” كما هو محدد في قوانين ولوائح الخصوصية المعمول بها.
12. القانون الحاكم
إلى الحد المعمول به والمسموح به بموجب القوانين واللوائح السارية، يخضع إشعار خصوصية الحلول هذا للقوانين الداخلية لولاية ديلاوير ويُفسر وفقًا لها، وتكون ولاية ديلاوير هي الاختصاص القضائي ومقر التحكيم بشأن أي نزاع يتعلق به.
13. هل نحدّث إشعار خصوصية الحلول هذا؟
يجوز لنا تحديث إشعار خصوصية الحلول هذا من وقت لآخر ليعكس التغييرات في الحلول أو الممارسات أو السياسات أو التغييرات الداخلية أو الخارجية الأخرى، وكذلك للامتثال للمتطلبات القانونية الجديدة. سيتم نشر أي تغييرات بمجرد أن تدخل حيز التنفيذ. إذا أجرينا تحديثات، فسنقوم بتحديث “تاريخ السريان” المدرج في أعلى إشعار خصوصية الحلول هذا لمساعدتك على فهم متى تم إجراء التغييرات. وللبقاء على اطلاع بأي من هذه التحديثات، فإننا نشجعك على الرجوع إلى إشعار خصوصية الحلول هذا بانتظام. يُرجى ملاحظة أن أي ترجمة لإشعار خصوصية الحلول هذا تهدف فقط إلى تسهيل وصولك إلى هذه المعلومات. النسخة الإنجليزية هي النسخة الرسمية الوحيدة من إشعار خصوصية الحلول هذا وأي أخطاء في الترجمة أو تناقضات فيها ليست مُلزمة وليس لها أي تأثير قانوني لأغراض الامتثال أو الإنفاذ.
14. كيف يمكنك الاتصال بشركة DoubleVerify؟
إذا كانت لديك أي أسئلة أو مخاوف أو تعليقات حول إشعار خصوصية الحلول هذا، أو إذا كنت تعتقد أنّ معلوماتك الشخصية قد تم استخدامها بطريقة لا تتفق مع إشعار الخصوصية أو اختياراتك، فيمكنك التواصل مع فريق الخصوصية لدينا على:
مسؤول الخصوصية / مسؤول حماية البيانات (فريق الخصوصية) معلومات الاتصال ‎
DoubleVerify Inc.
462 Broadway
New York, NY 10013
privacy-policy@doubleverify.com
‏
إذا كانت لديك مخاوف تتعلق بالخصوصية أو استخدام البيانات لم يتم حلها ولم نعالجها بشكل مرضٍ، فيرجى التواصل مع مزود حل النزاعات الخارجي ومقره الولايات المتحدة (مجانًا) على
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
. نحن ملتزمون بتحقيق حل عادل لأي شكوى أو مخاوف قد تكون لديك بشأن خصوصيتك أو إشعار خصوصية الحلول هذا. ومع ذلك، إذا كنت تعتقد أننا لم نتمكن من مساعدتك، فلا يوجد في إشعار خصوصية الحلول هذا ما يقيد حقوقك أو يحاول تقييدها بموجب القوانين المعمول بها، بما في ذلك قدرتك، اعتمادًا على بلد إقامتك، على تقديم شكوى إلى سلطة حماية البيانات المحلية أو وكالة أخرى تتمتع بالاختصاص القضائي على المسائل المتعلقة بالخصوصية.
Дата на влизане в сила: 28 юни 2024
Общ преглед
DoubleVerify, Inc., заедно с глобалните си дъщерни дружества, („
DoubleVerify
“, „
ние
“, „
нас
“ или „
наш/а/о/е/и
“) има водеща роля в бранша за осигуряване на прозрачност и отчетност в онлайн рекламата. DoubleVerify използва различни технологии за събиране на информация за онлайн рекламиране, трафик на уебсайтове, трафик на мобилни приложения и трафик на свързани устройства, за да предостави рекламни продукти и решения за прозрачност и отчетност (наричани общо „
Решения
“). Това известие за поверителност („
Известие за поверителност
на Решенията
“) обяснява кои сме ние, как събираме, използваме и споделяме лична информация чрез нашите Решения, както и как можете да упражнявате Вашите права за защита на личните данни.
Ако искате повече информация за това по какъв начин DoubleVerify обработва Лична информация, събрана на нашите публични уебсайтове, моля, посетете нашето
Известие за поверителност на Уебсайтове и Маркетинг
.
Ако използвате Решения на DoubleVerify и искате повече информация за това по какъв начин DoubleVerify обработва Лична информация, събрана чрез нашите инструменти за подаване на сигнали, моля, посетете нашето
Известие за поверителност на инструментите за подаване на сигнали
.
Бързи връзки
Препоръчваме Ви да прочетете изцяло това Известие за поверителност на Решенията за гарантиране, че сте напълно информирани. Въпреки това, за да Ви улесним да намерите и прегледате конкретни части от настоящото Известие за поверителност на Решенията, ние го разделяме на следните раздели:
Кой е DoubleVerify?
Каква е нашата роля, какви са нашите цели и кое е правното ни основание за обработването?
Какви данни събираме и за какви цели?
Как използваме данните, които събираме?
Как и на кого разкриваме данни?
Колко време съхраняваме Личната информация?
Как се гарантира сигурността на Личната информация?
Как се прехвърля Лична информация в международен мащаб?
Какви са Вашите права?
Допълнителни оповестявания
Използва ли DoubleVerify изкуствен интелект?
Приложимо законодателство
Обновяваме ли това Известие за поверителност на Решенията?
Как да се свържете с DoubleVerify?
1. Кой е DoubleVerify?
Акредитираните платформи на DoubleVerify предоставят независими цифрови медийни измервания, данни и анализи относно доставянето на рекламни (или „рекламни“) издания и трафик на уебсайтове, за да помогнат на рекламодатели, агенции и продавачи на рекламни материали (наречени общо „
Клиенти
“) да потвърдят точните характеристики на доставка, включително безопасността на марката, показатели за видимост, контекстуални и екологични параметри (например уебсайт, на който се показва реклама и къде се представя на уеб страницата), рекламни издания и характеристики на качеството на трафика на уебсайта и предоставяне на информация, която позволява на нашите клиенти да вземат информирани решения относно разположението на тяхното изобретение и марка.
Ние вярваме в осигуряването на силна защита на поверителността на всяко лице, чиято информация можем да обработваме в каквото и да е качество – защото вярваме, че поверителността е основно право, а не нещо, което трябва да зависи от това, къде може да живеете. За да отговорим на този принцип, ние третираме всички данни, които са свързани или са свързани с идентифицирано или подлежащо на идентифициране лице, като „Лична информация“, независимо от местоположението на това лице. Що се отнася до нашите Решения, DoubleVerify ограничава всяка информация, която събираме, до информация, която не позволява идентифицирането на дадено лице без допълнителна информация. Например DoubleVerify обработва Вашия IP адрес (адрес на интернет протокол), който представлява автоматично зададен номер на компютър при използване на интернет. Въпреки че DoubleVerify третира тази информация като Лична информация, в съответствие с най-добрите практики и приложимото законодателство, ние никога не комбинираме тази информация с други данни, които биха ни позволили да идентифицираме лицето, за което се отнася.
Настоящото Известие за поверителност на Решенията е предназначено да информира лицата, чиито данни могат да бъдат обработвани чрез нашите Решения („
Краен(йни) потребител(и)
“ или „
Вие
“ и „
Ваш/а/е/о/и
“), за: (1) типовете информация, която DoubleVerify може да събира за Вас или Вашето устройство, когато дадена реклама, която се анализира от нас, е доставена на разглеждан от Вас уебсайт или използвано от Вас приложение, (2) нашите практики за поверителност, как можем да използваме, споделяме и обработваме по друг начин информация, която се счита за Лична информация, и (3) какви са Вашите права по отношение на такава Лична информация. Това Известие за поверителност на Решенията обяснява също каква нелична информация („
Техническа информация
“) събираме за рекламите, които проследяваме, и как използваме тази Техническа информация за ефикасността на нашите Решения.
2. Каква е нашата роля, какви са нашите цели и кое е правното ни основание за обработването?
Решенията на DoubleVerify за отстраняване на измами („
Отстраняване на измами
“) и проверка за съответствие на географско местоположение („
Проверка на географско местоположение
“) изискват обработване на Лична информация. Освен при ограничени обстоятелства, описани по-долу, по отношение на закони и регулаторни изисквания, като Общия регламент относно защитата на данните („
ОРЗД
“), DoubleVerify управлява Отстраняването на измами като „администратор“, а Проверката на географското местоположение като „обработващ“. По отношение на Калифорнийския закон за защита на личните данни на потребителите („
CCPA
“) и други държавни регулаторни рамки на САЩ, нашата цел може да варира в зависимост от конкретните взаимоотношения с всеки Клиент. Тъй като Личната информация, която обработваме, се събира от нашата технология и се „предоставя“ от нашите Клиенти, ние обикновено действаме като „изпълнител“ съгласно CCPA или като „обработващ данни“ съгласно други щатски закони и регулаторни рамки на САЩ.  Независимо от горепосоченото, при ограничени обстоятелства, когато Личната информация е предоставена на DoubleVerify чрез персонализирани проектирани интеграции и други нестандартни средства, например когато такава Лична информация се събира и предоставя от Клиента за анализ от DoubleVerify, ние може да се считаме за „обработващ данни“ или „доставчик на услуги“ според CCPA.  Този сценарий е най-често срещан в партньорствата ни с Клиенти социални медии и други Клиенти, които работят в среда на поверителна информация, често наричани „затворени платформи“.
С изключение на Отстраняването на измами, включително както се изисква за квалификация на изданията в съответствие със стандартните практики в бранша (напр. насоките на Съвета за оценка на медиите) и Проверката на географското местоположение, другите Решения на DoubleVerify (като видимост, безопасност на марката и пригодност) като цяло не изискват обработването на Лична информация. Въпреки това, има обстоятелства, като случаи, в които може да предоставяме такива Решения на Клиенти, които управляват „затворени платформи“, където съответните Клиенти, в ролята си на администратори на данни, могат да изискват от DoubleVerify да обработва допълнителна Лична информация на Крайни потребители или физически лица, които създават акаунти и съдържание в платформите на Клиента. При такъв сценарий определянето на това какви Лични данни се обработват се извършва от Клиентите, които в ролята си на администратори на данни, също така определят, по тяхно усмотрение, правното основание за обработването на съответната Лична информация. За допълнителна информация относно практиките за поверителност на тези Клиенти, обработената Лична информация и приложимото правно основание за обработване, трябва да прегледате съответното и приложимото уведомление или декларации за поверителност на всеки Клиент. Ако се свържете с DoubleVerify със запитване за тези програми, можем да предоставим основна информация за работата, която извършваме за тези Клиенти, но ще Ви препоръчаме да се свържете със съответния Клиент или да прегледате документацията за поверителност, която предоставя в своите обекти.
Тъй като е свързано със закон като ОРЗД, правното основание на DoubleVerify за обработване на Лична информация чрез нашите Решения е законният интерес на: (i) нашите Клиенти да избягват измами, свързани с реклами, и за представяне на географски точна и законосъобразна информация на Крайните потребители, (ii) Крайните потребители да получават информация без измами, която е географски точна и законосъобразна, и (iii) широката общественост при непрекъснатото наличие на безплатен интернет.
DoubleVerify участва в Рамката за прозрачност и съгласие на IAB (TCFv2.2 – ID на доставчик 126) и ние имаме законен интерес като основание за събиране на данни за следните цели:
Гарантиране на сигурността, предотвратяване и откриване на измами и отстраняване на грешки (Специална цел 1)
Предоставяне и представяне на реклама и съдържание (Специална цел 2)
Измерване на ефективността на рекламата (Цел 7)
Разработване и подобряване на услугите (Цел 10)
В ограничени сценарии юридическото лице, което отговаря за рамката за прозрачност и съгласие на IAB Europe в собствеността, в която работят Решенията на DoubleVerify, може да направи нашата Проверка на географското местоположение предмет на съгласие. В тези много ограничени случаи съгласието ще се прилага за:
Използване на ограничени данни за избор на реклама (Цел 2)
Запазване и съобщаване на изборите за поверителност (Специална цел 3)
Измерване на ефективността на рекламата (Цел 7)
Разработване и подобряване на услугите (Цел 10)
3. Какви данни събираме и за какви цели?
DoubleVerify, за да извършва своите бизнес цели, да предоставя, поддържа и подобрява своите Решения, събира и използва определени категории Лична информация и Техническа информация. Категориите Лична информация и Техническа информация, обработвани чрез Решенията на DoubleVerify са описани по-долу. Доколкото Личната информация се изисква за работата на една или повече функции на дадено Решение на DoubleVerify, такава Лична информация ще се използва само за конкретните цели, посочени по-долу, освен ако не се изисква друго от закона. Освен това, при някои обстоятелства може да е необходимо Личната информация да се обработва във връзка с някои технически данни за правилното функциониране на Решенията на DoubleVerify. При всички такива сценарии комбинираните данни се считат за Лична информация и съответно се защитават. Ние никога не комбинираме, анализираме или обогатяваме Личната информация и Техническата информация, която обработваме, с допълнителна информация с цел идентифициране на Крайните потребители. Ние никога не проследяваме Вас или Вашите онлайн дейности в приложения и уебсайтове или с течение на времето не разчитаме на постоянни технологии, като бисквитки на трети страни, и никога не създаваме профили или групи от аудитории, за да насочваме физически лица.
Категориите Техническа информация, събрана и използвана за захранване на Решенията на DoubleVerify:
Атрибути на рекламна кампания – Идентификаторът на рекламодателя, който предоставя реклама, нейните идентификатори за кампания и поставяне, идентификаторите на медийната собственост, продаваща инвентарните наличности на рекламодателя или друга посредническа рекламна платформа, се събират и обработват за идентифициране на Клиента, който обслужваме, за прилагане на правилните настройки за Клиента, за сегментиране на отчетите на Клиента според тези идентификатори и за плащане на сметката на Клиента.
Атрибути на уеб съдържание – Уеб адресът (URL) на страницата/рамката, на която се доставя рекламата, и адресът на всички препращащи страници/рамки се събират, за да се гарантира, че рекламите се доставят в правилния контекст, който нашият Клиент е задал в настройките на профила в нашата система.
Атрибути на мобилни приложения – Наименованието на мобилното приложение, ИД на мобилното приложение, магазин за приложения, разработчик на приложението, рейтинги на звездата на приложението, възрастов рейтинг на приложението и друга публично достъпна информация за мобилното приложение, на което се предоставя рекламата. Тази информация се използва, за да се гарантира, че рекламите се доставят в правилния контекст, който нашият Клиент е задал в настройките на профила в нашата система.
Атрибути на цифровата среда – типът на свързаното устройство, на което се доставя рекламата: мобилно, настолен компютър, свързан телевизор или друго устройство, типът и версията на браузъра, използвани за показване на страницата, където се появява рекламата, и операционната система се събират, за да се определи коя версия на нашия код би работила правилно в тази среда и да се измери дали рекламата е имала възможност да стане видима на екрана според стандартите, които се различават в различните среди.
Атрибути за видимост – Местоположението на рекламата на страницата, размерът на рекламата, размерът на екрана, размерът на демонстрационния прозорец, статусът на фокуса на раздела, статусът на фокуса на браузъра, продължителността на рекламата бяха в частта за преглед на уеб страницата и положението за превъртане на уеб страницата се събират за определяне и съобщаване на нашите Клиенти, ако рекламата имаше възможност да стане видима на екрана.
Атрибути на експозиция и ангажиране – Данните, които показват дали върху рекламата е имало кликване, преместване, докосване или отваряне, преоразмеряване, пропускане, заглушаване, паузиране, завъртане, задържане или променена, за да помогнат на нашите Клиенти да измерят ефективността на рекламата, рекламната кампания или медийното имущество.
Категории данни, събирани и използвани за управление на Елиминиране на измами:
Псевдонимизирани идентификатори за електронно присъствие и устройство – т.е. IP адрес, низ от потребителски агенти или производни на тези две стойности – се използват, за да се прецени дали онлайн присъствието или устройството участва или е свързано с измамна схема.
Категории данни, събирани и използвани за Проверка на географско местоположение:
За определяне на географското местоположение, с което са свързани, се събират псевдонимизирани електронни данни и идентификатори на устройства – IP адрес. Всеки IP е свързан с държава и в рамките на САЩ може да е свързан с по-конкретна информация до ниво на пощенски код. Никога не се събира точна информация за географско Ви позициониране.
При ограничени обстоятелства някои от Клиентите, например Клиенти, които извършват дейност като „затворена(и) платформа(и)“, може да изискат от DoubleVerify да обработва допълнителна Лична информация за позволяване прилагането на съответните Решения. Такава допълнителна Лична информация може да се отнася за Крайните потребители, за лица, които създават акаунти в рамките на такива „затворени платформи“ или за лица, които създават съдържание, публикувано в такива среди на „затворени платформи“. До степента, до която Клиент, който изпълнява дейност като „затворени платформи“, изисква от DoubleVerify да обработва допълнителна Лична информация, за да даде възможност за прилагане на определени Решения, DoubleVerify ще обработва такава Лична информация единствено с цел изпълнение на задълженията си към Клиента и в строго съответствие с инструкциите на Клиента, които се изискват за приложение, поддръжка и, където е приложимо, подобрение на Решенията. Работим усърдно с тези Клиенти, за да гарантираме, че обработваната Лична информация е ограничена само до Личната информация, необходима за постигане на тези цели. При ограничени обстоятелства нашето взаимодействие със „заградени градини“ може да доведе до случайно получаване на Лична информация. DoubleVerify работи усърдно за мониториране на всички такива случаи и за гарантиране, че такава Лична информация не се обработва след нейното получаване, освен за сигурното заличаване от нашите системи. Тъй като в тези сценарии конкретните категории Лична информация зависят от персонализираната интеграция и решенията на Клиента и варират в зависимост от Клиента, ако имате допълнителни въпроси, препоръчваме да се свържете със съответния Клиент или да прегледате документацията за поверителност, която предоставя в своите обекти.
Решенията не са предназначени за или насочени към обработването на Лична информация на деца. Ние не събираме съзнателно Лична информация от деца съгласно определението на този термин от приложимото законодателство. Ако сте родител или настойник и смятате, че Личната информация на Вашето дете може да е била обработена чрез Решенията, моля, свържете се с нас, като използвате информацията в Раздел 13 „
Как да се свържете с DoubleVerify
“ по-долу и ние ще предприемем стъпки за сигурно изтриване на неговата/нейната Лична информация от нашите системи.
4. Как използваме данните, които събираме?
DoubleVerify използва само Техническата информация и Личната информация, събрана за целите, посочени в Раздел 3, „
Какви данни събираме и за какви цели?
“, от настоящото Известие за поверителност на Решенията. Като цяло, Техническата информация и Вашата Лична информация се обработват, за да предоставят доклади, табла, обратна връзка и информация
(„Докладване
“) на нашите Клиенти. Докладването на DoubleVerify, във всякакъв формат, е анонимизирано и обобщено, или, доколкото се изисква информация на ниво импресия, всяко импресия се деидентифицира, за да се гарантира, че Личната информация на Крайните потребители никога не се споделя с Клиентите. Независимо от гореизложеното, докладването, създадено за Клиенти, които работят като „затворени платформи“ (напр. дружества на социални медии) и други Клиенти, които разчитат на такова докладване (напр. дружества, които рекламират чрез канали за социални медии), може да включва информация за лица, които създават акаунти в такива „затворени платформи“ или лица, които създават съдържание, публикувано в такива среди на „затворени платформи“. Този раздел предоставя допълнителна информация за начина, по който се обработва Техническата информация и Вашата Лична информация за постигане на бизнес целите, посочени в Раздел 3 от настоящото Известие за поверителност на Решенията.
DoubleVerify използва информацията за технически данни, събрана чрез Решенията, както е посочено в Раздел 3.1, по следните начини:
За анализ и отчитане на контекста, в който се показват рекламите, тяхното качество, автентичност и ефективност. По-конкретно, информацията, която показва дали показаната реклама съответства на предварително зададените правни изисквания и изисквания за позициониране на Клиента, както и настройките за предпочитания, които Клиентът е установил в нашата система.
Да предоставим изводи и предварителни Решения за възможностите за импресия. Технологията DoubleVerify анализира характеристиките на данните за възможност на импресии и определя дали трябва да се показва или  да не се показва рекламата на Клиента, напр. като определи дали заобикалящото съдържание не съответства на брандирането и предпочитанията на Клиента.
За да активира Елиминиране на измами, DoubleVerify използва Техническата информация и Личната информация, събрана чрез Решенията, както е посочено в Раздел 3.1 и 3.2, за:
За преглед и идентифициране на конкретни рекламни импресии, които са измамни поради генерирането им от бот-контролирани браузъри, които не са от човек.
Да се оцени и идентифицира невалиден трафик, като напр. трафик, генериран от инжектори за реклами, трафик, произхождащ от центрове за данни, невярно изопачен трафик, емулиран трафик и други видове невалиден трафик.
За анализиране и идентифициране на уебсайтове, мобилни и свързани приложения за устройства и медийни свойства, които имат измамни трафик и/или генерират измамни рекламни импресии.
За идентифициране на модели на трафик в уебсайтове, участващи в измамни рекламни дейности.
Да се прави разлика между трафик, генериран от бот-контролирани, браузъри, които не са от човек, и браузъри, които са от човек.
За да определим дали анализираните реклами следват приложимите законови изисквания и предпочитания, зададени от нашите Клиенти.
Определете дали мидълуер се опитва да изопачи работните си характеристики, за да предотврати идентифицирането на измама или друг невалиден трафик.
Определете дали трафикът на уебсайта или рекламните импресии произхождат от сървърна ферма, а не от човешка активност при сърфиране.
Определете дали трафикът се придобива чрез измамни практики или чрез други практики за придобиване на трафик, които не са в съответствие с насоките или предпочитанията на Клиента.
За създаване на записи за IP адреси и стрингове на потребителски агенти, свързани с измамни схеми и трафик, който не е генериран от човек („Таблици на измами“). Тъй като такива данни са свързани с взаимодействия, които не са от човек, те не представляват Лична информация.
За да активира Проверката на географското местоположение, DoubleVerify използва Техническата информация и Личната информация, събрана чрез Решенията, както е посочено в Раздел 3.3, за:
Оценяване на високо ниво (държава, щат, регион или, за жители на САЩ, пощенски код) географското местоположение на Крайния потребител и проверете дали Крайният потребител се намира в рамките на кампанията или настройките за трафик на Клиента.
До степента, до която Клиент, който изпълнява дейност като „затворени платформи“, изисква от DoubleVerify да обработва допълнителна Лична информация, за да даде възможност за прилагане на определени Решения, DoubleVerify ще обработва такава Лична информация единствено с цел изпълнение на задълженията си към Клиента и в строго съответствие с инструкциите на Клиента, които се изискват за приложение, поддръжка и, където е приложимо, подобрение на Решенията. Ако имате въпроси, препоръчваме да се свържете със съответния Клиент или да прегледате документацията за поверителност, която предоставя в обектите си.
5. Как и на кого разкриваме данни?
DoubleVerify не разкрива Лична информация на трети страни, освен ако не е строго необходимо за нашите бизнес цели да управляваме, поддържаме и подобряваме нашите Решения. Доколкото доброволно споделяме каквато и да е Лична информация, ние гарантираме, че тя е защитена от получателите по начин, съответстващ на нашите собствени политики и стандарти.
Можем да споделяме Вашата Лична информация с:
Доставчици на услуги – компании, с които сме сключили договор, за да ни предоставят услуги, като напр. управление на ИТ и системи, инфраструктура и хостинг услуги, изследвания и анализи, осигуряване на поддръжка и качество, сигурност и други услуги, за целите и съгласно правното основание, описано по-горе. Можете да поискате списък на нашите доставчици на услуги, каква Лична информация получават и за какви цели, като се свържете с нас. Можете да намерите информация за контакт в Раздел 13 „
Как да се свържете с DoubleVerify
“ на настоящото Известие за поверителност на Решенията.
Свързани дружества – като дружество майка, дъщерни дружества, дъщерни дружества, съвместни предприятия или други компании под общ контрол, доколкото е необходимо за управление, поддържане и подобряване на нашите Решения. Можете да поискате списък на нашите свързани дружества, каква Лична информация получават и за какви цели, като се свържете с нас. Можете да намерите информация за контакт в Раздел 13 „
Как да се свържете с DoubleVerify
“ на настоящото Известие за поверителност на Решенията.
Трети страни, ангажирани от нашите Клиенти – за да осигурим поддръжка за нашите Клиенти, може да интегрираме нашите Решения с други инструменти и услуги, ангажирани от нашите Клиенти, за да предоставяме подобрени услуги и възможности за съобщаване. При никакви обстоятелства не получаваме данни от тези интеграции, които позволяват на DoubleVerify да обогати нашите данни и да идентифицира Крайните потребители. При ограничени сценарии може да споделяме информация на ниво импресии с компании, ангажирани от нашите Клиенти да провеждат проучвания за пазарна ефективност. При ограничени обстоятелства нашите Клиенти могат да ни инструктират да споделяме определена Лична информация, необходима за активиране на функционалността на продукт или услуга, които не се управляват от DoubleVerify.
Трети страни, участващи в Корпоративна транзакция – в случай че DoubleVerify бъде придобита или обединена с друго дружество, или в случай на реорганизация, анулиране или друга основна корпоративна промяна.
От нас може да се изисква по закон да разкрием Вашата Лична информация:
(а) ако държавен орган, съд, правоприлагащ орган или регулаторна агенция изисква такова разкриване (напр. като част от текущо разследване, призовка, подобен правен процес или процедура);
(б) както се изисква по друг начин според приложим закон, наредба или правило; и
(в) ако вярваме добросъвестно, че такова разкриване е необходимо за защита или предпазване на нашите права или правата на други лица, за подпомагане на разследване или за предотвратяване на незаконна дейност.
Таблиците на измами и други доклади, свързани с елиминиране на измами, информационни канали, API интерфейси и табла, които не съдържат Лична информация, могат да бъдат споделяни със или предоставени на Клиенти и други трети страни, включително напр. индустриални организации, според необходимостта за DoubleVerify за извършване на своите бизнес цели за предоставяне, поддържане и подобряване на частта за премахване на измами на нашите Решения и борба с рекламните измами.
Ние не споделяме Вашата Лична информация с нашите Клиенти. Всички доклади и анализи, които предоставяме на Клиентите чрез нашия портал за съобщаване, са анонимни, което означава, че не съдържат Лична информация. Съобщаваните доклади обикновено се обобщават, но при ограничени обстоятелства съобщаването на ниво импресия се предоставя на нашите Клиенти чрез FTP крайни точки или API, при условие че тези съобщения не съдържат никаква Лична информация. Може да споделяме Техническа информация, която е анонимна, в обобщен формат или в необработена форма, с трети страни, както считаме за необходимо за изпълнение на нашите бизнес цели за предоставяне, поддържане и подобряване на Решенията. Освен това, може да споделяме анонимни или деидентифицирани данни в обобщен вид в нормалния ход на нашата дейност; напр., за да публикуваме казуси и доклади, за да покажем тенденции относно ползите и ефективността на нашите Решения.
За избягване на съмнение, DoubleVerify не извършва оповестявания на Лична информация на юридически лица, които работят като „бизнес“ или „трета страна“ съгласно закони като CCPA.
6. Колко време съхраняваме Личната информация?
DoubleVerify запазва всяка Лична информация, обработвана чрез нейните Решения, само доколкото е необходимо за изпълнение на целите, посочени в това известие за поверителност на Решенията, и в никакъв случай не по-дълго от четиридесет и пет (45) дни. При изтичането на този период Личната информация се изчиства безопасно от системите на DoubleVerify.
Таблиците на измами могат да се съхраняват за неопределено време, за да се гарантира правилното функциониране на Решението „Елиминиране на измами“.
Техническата информация, както е анонимна по своя характер, може да бъде запазена от DoubleVerify за неопределен период от време или доколкото е предвидено друго в политиките на DoubleVerify и разрешено от приложимите закони и споразуменията на DoubleVerify с нейните Клиенти.
7. Как се гарантира сигурността на Личната информация?
DoubleVerify е въвела подходящи технически, физически и организационни мерки, предназначени за защита на Личната информация от случайно или незаконно унищожаване или от случайна загуба, повреда, промяна, неразрешено разкриване или достъп, както и всички други форми на неправомерно обработване. Въпреки че спазваме общоприетите стандарти и най-добрите практики за защита на Личната информация, никой метод на съхранение или предаване не е сигурен на 100%. Въпреки това, ние непрекъснато работим за подобряване на нашите предпазни мерки и за опазване на сигурността на Вашите лични данни.
8. Как се прехвърля Лична информация в международен мащаб?
Моля, имайте предвид, че Личната информация, която събираме, може да бъде прехвърлена и поддържана на сървъри или бази данни, намиращи се извън Вашата държава, област, държава или друга юрисдикция. Въпреки че Вашата Лична информация може да бъде предадена чрез местен временен център за данни, за да се гарантира, че Решенията са ефективни и отзивчиви, DoubleVerify в крайна сметка съхранява цялата Лична информация, събрана чрез Решенията в Съединените щати. Като глобална компания имаме офиси в Съединените щати, Обединеното кралство, Франция, Белгия, Финландия, Германия, Израел, Канада, Мексико, Бразилия, Япония, Индия, Сингапур и Австралия. Нашите служители на тези места може да са необходими за достъп до Вашата Лична информация, за да поддържат нашите Решения. Нивото на защита на данните, установено в някои от тези места, като напр. Съединените щати, може да бъде по-ниско от установеното в Европейския съюз или други юрисдикции, които са приели строги закони и разпоредби за защита на личните данни.
Ние вземаме мерки, за да гарантираме, че Вашата Лична информация се съхранява безопасно при нас, в съответствие с регулаторните изисквания за поверителност и сигурност, наложени на бизнес дейностите на Европейския съюз. Също така гарантираме, че всеки друг получател на Вашата Лична информация предлага достатъчно ниво на защита и сигурност, напр. чрез сключване на подходящите споразумения за обратна връзка и, ако е необходимо, стандартни договорни клаузи или алтернативен механизъм за прехвърляне на данни, одобрен от Европейската комисия или друг приложим регулатор. Практиките за поверителност на DoubleVerify, описани в настоящото Известие за поверителност, съответстват на Правилата за трансгранична поверителност (Cross Border Privacy Rules, CBPR) на APEC и системата за Разпознаване на поверителност за обработващите лични данни (Privacy Recognition for Processors, PRP). Системата CBPR на APEC и системата PRP на APEC предоставят рамки за организациите, за да се гарантира защитата на Лична информация, която предмет на пренос между участващите в APEC икономики. Повече информация за рамките на APEC можете да намерите
тук
. Ако имате някакви въпроси относно това, къде съхраняваме Лична информация, можете да се свържете с нас, както е посочено в Раздел 13 „
Как да се свържете с DoubleVerify
“ на това Глобално известие за поверителност.
В допълнение, DoubleVerify Inc. и нейните дъщерни дружества Outrigger Media, Inc. d/b/a OpenSlate, Scibids Technology Inc., Zentrick Inc. („DoubleVerify“), спазват изискванията на Рамката за защита на личните данни между ЕС и САЩ (EU-U.S. DPF), присъединяването на Обединеното кралство към Рамката за защита на личните данни между ЕС и САЩ и Рамката за защита на личните данни между Швейцария-САЩ (Swiss-U.S. DPF), както е посочено от Министерството на търговията на САЩ. DoubleVerify е удостоверила пред Министерството на търговията на САЩ, че спазва Принципите на Рамката за защита на личните данни между ЕС и САЩ (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) по отношение на обработването на лични данни, получени от Европейския съюз съгласно EU-U.S. DPF и от Обединеното кралство (и Гибралтар) съгласно присъединяването на Обединеното кралство към EU-U.S. DPF. DoubleVerify е удостоверила пред Министерството на търговията на САЩ, че спазва Принципите на Рамката за защита на личните данни между Швейцария-САЩ (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) по отношение на обработването на лични данни, получени от Швейцария, съгласно Swiss-U.S. DPF.  В случай на противоречие между условията в тази политика за защита на личните данни и Принципите на EU-U.S. DPF и/или Принципите на Swiss-U.S. DPF, ще бъдат валидни Принципите.  За да научите повече за програмата за Рамката за защита на личните данни (DPF) и да видите нашето сертифициране, моля, посетете https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/.
DoubleVerify носи отговорност съгласно DPF за обработването на личните данни, които получава и впоследствие прехвърля на трета страна, действаща като агент от нейно име.  DoubleVerify спазва Принципите на DPF за всички последващи прехвърляния на лични данни от ЕС, Обединеното кралство и Швейцария, включително изискванията за отговорността за последващо прехвърляне.
Федералната търговска комисия има юрисдикция върху спазването от страна на DoubleVerify на изискванията на EU-U.S. DPF, присъединяването на Обединеното кралство към EU-U.S. DPF и Swiss-U.S. DPF. В определени ситуации от DoubleVerify може да се изисква да разкрива лични данни в отговор на законни искания от страна на публичните органи, включително за спазване на изискванията за национална сигурност или правоприлагане.
В съответствие с EU-U.S. DPF, присъединяването на Обединеното кралство към EU-U.S. DPF и Swiss-U.S. DPF, DoubleVerify се ангажира да отнесе неразрешени оплаквания относно обработката на лични данни, получени въз основа на EU-U.S. DPF, присъединяването на Обединеното кралство към EU-U.S. DPF и Swiss-U.S. DPF към TRUSTe, алтернативен доставчик за разрешаване на спорове със седалище в Съединените американски щати.  Ако не получите своевременно потвърждение от нас за Вашето оплакване във връзка с Принципите на DPF или ако не сме разрешили задоволително Вашето оплакване относно Принципите на DPF, моля, посетете https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request за повече информация или за да подадете оплакване.  Тези услуги за разрешаване на спорове се предоставят безплатно за Вас.
За оплаквания относно съответствието с DPF, които не са уредени от нито един от другите механизми на DPF, имате възможност да се обърнете към обвързващ арбитраж при определени условия. Допълнителна информация може да бъде намерена на официалния уебсайт на DPF.
9. Какви са Вашите права?
Крайните потребители в определени юрисдикции могат да имат права на субект на данни, което им позволява да отправят искания, свързани с тяхната Лична информация. Повечето юрисдикции също така предоставят на Крайните потребители правото да бъдат информирани за начина, по който се събира, използва и с кого може да е била споделена или разкрита Лична информация, както и за какви цели. Известието за поверителност на Решенията на DoubleVerify е предназначено да отговори на всички подобни изисквания, но ако имате някакви допълнителни въпроси или искате да разберете по-добре как може да бъде събрана, използвана и с кого може да е била споделена или разкрита Вашата Лична информация, и защо, моля, свържете се с нас, като използвате Раздел 13 „
Как да се свържете с DoubleVerify
“ по-долу.
Жителите на Европейското икономическо пространство, Обединеното кралство, Швейцария или Калифорния, наред с други, имат определени права съгласно приложимите закони и регулаторни изисквания за защита на личните данни, като например съгласно ОРЗД и CCPA. За да упражните тези права, можете да използвате
този Формуляр
или да се свържете с нас, като използвате Раздел 13 „
Как да се свържете с DoubleVerify
“ по-долу. В съответствие с определени закони и разпоредби, като CCPA, можете също така да назначите упълномощен представител, който да подаде искане или да упражни право от Ваше име. Няма да Ви дискриминираме или да Ви отмъщаваме за упражняване на Вашите права.
Тези права са:
а) Правото на достъп до всяка Лична информация, която може да притежаваме за Вас, включително информация за категориите и конкретните части от Лична информация.
б) Правото на коригиране на всяка неточна Лична информация, която може да притежаваме за Вас. Моля, имайте предвид, че поради естеството на Личната информация, която събираме, и метода на събиране е много малко вероятно да притежаваме Лична информация, която е неточна или би отговорила на обстоятелствата, изискващи корекция.
в) Правото да поискате DoubleVerify да изтрие Лична информация, която може да притежаваме за Вас.
г) Правото да поискате обработването на Лична информация за Вас да бъде преустановено или ограничено за определен период от време, напр., докато преценявате дали имате други права, които бихте искали да упражните.
д) Доколкото Вашата Лична информация се обработва въз основа на законен интерес, имате право да възразите срещу такова обработване.
е) Доколкото Вашата Лична информация се обработва въз основа на Вашето съгласие, да оттеглите това съгласие чрез Рамката за прозрачност и съгласие на IAB Europe .
До максималната възможна степен, ние изпълняваме всяка заявка, свързана с даден краен потребител, при условие че можем да свържем крайния потребител с Личната информация, която съхраняваме в нашите системи. Въпреки това, при определени обстоятелства може да се наложи да потвърдим самоличността Ви, за да изпълним заявката. За да потвърдим Вашата самоличност или да разберем обхвата на Вашето искане, може да се наложи да поискаме допълнителна информация за Вас. От Вас няма да се изисква да създавате акаунт при нас, за да подадете заявка или за да бъде заявката изпълнена. Ще трябва да предоставите имейл адрес, за да можем да комуникираме с Вас и да подкрепим Вашето искане, както и всяка информация, която може да ни е необходима, за да проверим дали притежаваме Лична информация за Вас. Моля, имайте предвид, че може да съществуват обстоятелства, които да ни направят неспособни да изпълним Вашата заявка, но ако не можем да изпълним Вашата заявка, ние ще Ви обясним защо. Доколкото не притежаваме никаква Лична информация за Вас, ние ще Ви уведомим. Полагаме всички усилия да отговаряме на всички запитвания и искания възможно най-скоро, но моля, изчакайте до тридесет (30) дни, за да Ви отговорим.
Доколкото DoubleVerify действа като „обработващ данни“, „изпълнител“ или „доставчик на услуги“, както е определено в приложимото законодателство, може да се наложи да насочите Вашите искания за упражняване на Вашите права към съответния Клиент, който действа като „администратор на данни“ или „стопанска единица“.
10. Допълнителни оповестявания
Някои закони и разпоредби за поверителност, като CCPA, изискват от юридическите лица да разкриват дали продават Лична информация. DoubleVerify не разкрива Лична информация по начин, който би представлявал „продажба“ или „споделяне“ съгласно законите на Калифорния, Вирджиния, Невада или подобни закони.
11. Използва ли DoubleVerify изкуствен интелект?
DoubleVerify използва изкуствен интелект („AI“) чрез различни средства и начини в организацията. Въпреки че DoubleVerify използва технологии с изкуствен интелект, ние не се ангажираме с „автоматизирано вземане на решения“, както е определено от приложимите закони и регулаторни изисквания за поверителност.
12. Приложимо законодателство
Доколкото е приложимо и разрешено от приложимите закони и регулаторни изисквания, настоящото Известие за поверителност на Рашенията се регулира от и тълкува в съответствие с вътрешните закони на щата Делауеър, както и юрисдикцията и мястото за всеки спор ще бъде в Делауеър.
13. Обновяваме ли това Известие за поверителност на Решенията?
Ние можем да актуализираме това Известие за поверителност на Решенията от време на време, за да отразим промени в нашите Решения, практики, политики или други вътрешни или външни промени, както и за да спазим новите законови изисквания. Всички промени ще бъдат публикувани веднага щом влязат в сила. Ако правим актуализации, ние ще актуализираме „датата на влизане в сила“, посочена в горната част на настоящото Известие за поверителност на Решенията, за да Ви помогнем да разберете кога са направени промените. За да бъдете информирани за такива актуализации, Ви препоръчваме редовно да правите справка с настоящото Известие за поверителност на Решенията.  Моля, имайте предвид, че всеки превод на настоящото Известие за поверителност на Решенията има за цел единствено да улесни Вашия достъп до тази информация. Версията на английски език е единствената официална версия на настоящото Известие за поверителност на Решенията и всякакви неточности или несъответствия в преводите не са обвързващи и нямат правно действие за целите на съответствието или изпълнението.
14. Как да се свържете с DoubleVerify?
Ако имате въпроси, притеснения или коментари относно това Известие за поверителност на Решенията или смятате, че Вашата Лична информация е използвана по начин, който не е в съответствие с Известието за поверителност или с Вашия избор, можете да се свържете с нашия Екип за защита на данните на адрес:
Информация за контакт на Длъжностно лице за защита на личните данни / Длъжностно лице за защита на данните (Екип за защита на личните данни)
DoubleVerify Inc.
462 Broadway
New York, NY 10013
privacy-policy@doubleverify.com
Ако имате неразрешен проблем, свързан с поверителността или използването на данни, който не сме разгледали по задоволителен начин, моля, свържете се с нашия доставчик на Решения относно разрешаване на спорове, базиран в САЩ, (безплатно) на
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
. Ние се ангажираме да постигнем справедливо разрешение на всяко оплакване или притеснение, което може да имате относно Вашата поверителност или настоящото Известие за поверителност на Решенията. Въпреки това, ако считате, че не сме успели да Ви съдействаме, нищо в това Известие за поверителност на Решенията не ограничава или се опитва да ограничи Вашите права съгласно приложимите закони, включително Вашата способност, в зависимост от държавата, в която пребивавате, да подадете оплакване до Вашия местен орган за защита на данните или друга агенция, имаща юрисдикция по въпросите, свързани с поверителността.
生效日期：
2024
年
6
月
28
日
概述
DoubleVerify Inc. 及其在世界各地的子公司（统称为“
DoubleVerify
”、
“我们”
或“
我们的
”）是提供在线广告透明度和问责制的行业领导者。DoubleVerify 使用各种技术收集关于在线广告、网站流量、移动应用程序流量和联网设备流量的信息，以便为我们的客户交付广告透明度和问责制产品及解决方案（统称为
“解决方案
”）。本隐私声明（本“解决方案隐私声明”）对我们的公司进行介绍，并对我们如何通过我们的解决方案收集、使用和共享个人信息以及您如何行使您的隐私权进行说明。
如果您想了解与 DoubleVerify 如何处理在我们面向公众的网站中收集的个人信息相关的详细内容，请访问和查阅我们的
《网站和营销隐私声明》
。
如果您使用 DoubleVerify 解决方案，并且想了解与 DoubleVerify 如何处理通过我们的报告工具收集的个人信息相关的详细内容，请查阅我们的
《报告工具隐私声明》
。
快速链接
我们建议您仔细阅读本解决方案隐私声明的全文，以确保您充分了解本声明中的所有信息。但是，为了便于您查找和查看本解决方案隐私声明的特定部分，我们将其分为以下几个部分：
DoubleVerify 是一家什么样的公司?
我们在处理中的角色以及我们进行处理的目标和法律依据是什么？
我们收集哪些数据以及出于什么目的收集数据？
我们如何使用我们收集的数据？
我们如何以及向谁披露数据？
我们会将个人信息保留多长时间？
如何保护个人信息？
如何进行个人信息的国际传输？
您有哪些权利？
其他披露
DoubleVerify 是否使用人工智能？
适用法律
我们是否会更新本解决方案隐私声明?
如何联系 DoubleVerify？
1. DoubleVerify 是一家什么样的公司?
DoubleVerify 经过认证的平台提供独立的数字媒体测量、关于广告印象交付和网站流量的数据和分析，以帮助广告商、广告代理商和广告物料库销售商（合称为“
客户
”）确认准确的交付特征，包括品牌安全性、可见性指标、背景和环境参数（例如，广告出现的网站，以及在网页上出现的位置）、广告印象和网站流量质量特征，并提供见解，使我们的客户能够就他们的创意和品牌的投放做出明智的决策。
我们相信，对于我们可能以任何身份处理其信息的任何个人，我们都会提供强有力的隐私保护，因为我们认为隐私是一项基本权利，并非因您居住的地方而异。为了遵守该原则，我们将与已识别或可识别的个人相关的任何数据视为“个人信息”，无论该个人位于何处。由于其与我们的解决方案相关，DoubleVerify 将我们收集的任何信息限定为在无额外信息的情况下无法识别个人的信息。例如，DoubleVerify 处理您的因特网协议 (“IP”) 地址，该地址是在使用 Internet 时自动分配给计算机的一串数字。尽管 DoubleVerify 根据最佳实践和适用法律将该等信息作为个人信息处理，但我们不会将该等信息与任何其他数据相结合，以使我们能够识别该等信息所涉及的个人。
本解决方案隐私声明旨在通知其数据可能通过我们的解决方案处理的个人（“
最终用户
”或“
您
”）：(1) 当我们分析的广告通过您正在查看的网站或您正在使用的应用程序上发送给您时，DoubleVerify 可能会收集的有关您或您的设备的信息类型，(2) 我们的隐私实践，我们如何使用、共享或以其他方式处理被视为个人信息的信息，以及 (3) 您对于此类个人信息享有哪些权利。本解决方案隐私声明还解释了我们收集关于我们追踪的广告的哪些非个人信息（“
技术信息
”），以及我们如何使用该等技术信息增强我们的解决方案。
2. 我们在处理中的角色以及我们进行处理的目标和法律依据是什么？
DoubleVerify 的欺诈识别和消除
（“欺诈消除
”）和地理合规验证
（“地理验证
”）解决方案都需要处理个人信息。除下文所述的有限情况外，根据《通用数据保护条例》（“GDPR”）等法律法规，DoubleVerify 以“控制者”身份运作欺诈消除，并以“处理者”身份运作地理验证。根据《加州消费者隐私法案》（“CCPA”）和美国其他州的监管框架，我们的名称可能因与每个客户的具体关系而有所不同。由于我们处理的个人信息是通过我们的技术收集的，并由我们的客户“提供”给我们，因此我们通常作为 CCPA 项下的“承包商”或美国其他州的法律和监管框架下的“处理者”运营。尽管有上述规定，在有限情况下，当通过定制设计整合和其它非标准方式与 DoubleVerify 共享个人信息时，例如当该等个人信息由客户收集并提供给 DoubleVerify 进行分析时，我们可能始终被视为 CCPA 项下的“处理者”或“服务提供者”。该情况在我们与社交媒体客户和其他运作专有环境（通常被称为“围墙花园”）的客户合作时最为常见。
除欺诈消除（包括根据标准行业惯例（例如媒体评级委员会指南）进行印象质量验证所需的欺诈消除）和地理验证之外，DoubleVerify 的其它解决方案（如可见性、品牌安全性和适用性）一般不需要处理个人信息。但是，在某些情况下，例如我们可能向运作“围墙花园”的客户提供该等解决方案，作为控制者的客户可能会要求 DoubleVerify 处理最终用户或在客户环境中创建帐户和内容的个人的额外个人信息。在任何该等情况下，处理哪些个人数据由客户决定，并且作为控制者的客户也可以自行确定处理该等个人信息的法律依据。关于这些客户的隐私惯例、所处理的个人信息和适用的处理法律依据的更多信息，您应查看每个客户的相关和适用的隐私通知或声明。如果您联系 DoubleVerify 并询问这些计划，我们可以提供关于我们为这些客户所做工作的若干基本信息，但我们建议您联系个别客户或查看他们在其渠道上提供的隐私文件。
由于涉及 GDPR 等法律，DoubleVerify 通过我们的解决方案处理个人信息的法律依据是：(i) 我们的客户为了避免与广告相关的欺诈，并向最终用户提供地理上准确和合规的信息而应享有的合法权益；(ii) 是最终用户接收无欺诈、地理上准确和合规的信息时享有的合法权益；以及 (iii) 公众持续获得免费互联网时享有的合法权益。
DoubleVerify 加入了 IAB（美国互动广告局）透明度和同意框架（TCFv2.2 – 广告技术供应商 ID 126），我们将合法权益作为出于以下目的收集数据的依据：
确保安全、发现和防止欺诈，以及修复错误（特殊目的 1）
交付和展示广告和内容（特殊目的 2）
保存和沟通隐私选择（特殊目的 3）
计量广告效果（目的 7）
开发和改善服务（目的 10）
在少数情况下，主管 DoubleVerify 解决方案运行所在平台的 IAB 欧洲透明度和同意框架的实体可能会要求我们在进行地理验证时须征得同意。在此类非常少见的情况下，以下目的需要征得同意：
使用有限数据选择广告（目的 2）
计量广告效果（目的 7）
开发和改善服务（目的 10）
3. 我们收集哪些数据以及出于什么目的收集数据？
DoubleVerify 为了执行其业务目的，即提供、维护和改进其解决方案，收集和使用特定类别的个人信息和技术信息。通过 DoubleVerify 解决方案处理的个人信息和技术信息类别概述如下。如果为了运行 DoubleVerify 解决方案的一个或多个功能而需要个人信息，则除非法律另有规定，否则此类个人信息将仅用于以下特定目的。此外，在某些情况下，可能需要将个人信息与一些技术信息一起处理，以便 DoubleVerify 的解决方案正常运行。在任何此类情况下，合并数据均被视为个人信息，并受到相应保护。我们绝不会将我们处理的个人信息和技术信息与额外信息相结合，使用额外信息对我们处理的个人信息和技术信息进行分析或改善，以识别最终用户。我们从不跟踪您或您在应用程序和网站上的在线活动，或随着时间的推移，我们不会依赖第三方 cookie 等持久技术，我们也不会创建个人资料或受众群体从而把个人作为目标。
为增强 DoubleVerify 解决方案而收集和使用的技术信息类别：
广告宣传活动特征——收集和处理交付广告的广告商的标识符、其广告宣传和投放标识符、向广告商或任何中间广告平台出售物料库的媒体渠道标识符，以识别我们正在服务的客户，应用客户的正确设置，根据这些标识符对客户报告进行细分以及向客户开具账单。
Web 内容特征——收集交付广告的页面/框架的网址 (URL) 以及任何推荐页面/框架的地址，以确保广告在我们的客户通过我们的系统资料设置设定的正确背景下交付。
移动应用程序特征——移动应用程序名称、移动应用程序 ID、应用程序商店、应用程序开发者、应用程序的星级评级、应用程序的年龄评级以及关于广告投放的移动应用程序的其他公开可获得信息。此信息用于确保在我们客户通过系统配置文件设置设定的适当背景下投放广告。
数字环境特征——收集将要投放广告的联网设备的类型：移动、台式、联网电视或其他设备、用于提供呈现广告的页面的浏览器类型和版本以及操作系统，以确定我们哪个版本的代码会在该环境中妥善运行，以及根据不同环境的行业标准，适当衡量广告是否有机会通过屏幕被看到。
可见性特征——收集广告在页面上的位置、广告的大小、屏幕的大小、视口的大小、选项卡焦点状态、浏览器焦点状态、广告在网页可见部分的持续时间以及网页的滚动位置，以确定并报告给我们的客户广告是否有机会在屏幕上可见。
曝光和互动特征——收集显示广告是否被点击、滑动、轻触或触摸、调整大小、跳过、静音、暂停、旋转、悬停或更改音量的数据，以帮助我们的客户衡量广告、广告活动或媒体渠道的表现。
收集并用于增强欺诈消除的数据类别：
使用匿名电子身份和装置标识符（即 IP 地址、用户代理字符串或这两个值的衍生字符）以评估在线身份或设备是否正在参与欺诈方案或与欺诈方案相关联。
为增强地理验证而收集和使用的数据类别：
收集匿名电子身份和设备标识符 (IP 地址)，以确定它们关联的地理位置。每个 IP 均与一个国家相关，并且在美国，每个 IP 可能与更具体的信息（下至邮政编码）相关联。我们不会收集您的确切地理位置信息。
在有限情况下，某些客户（例如以“围墙花园”形式运作的客户）可能要求 DoubleVerify 处理额外的个人信息以实施其解决方案。该等额外的个人信息可能与最终用户、在该等“围墙花园”中创建帐户的个人或在该等“围墙花园”环境中发布内容的个人有关。如果以“围墙花园”形式运作的客户要求 DoubleVerify 处理额外的个人信息以实施某些解决方案，DoubleVerify 将仅为履行其对客户的义务并严格按照客户的指示处理该等个人信息，以满足运作、维护和（如适用）改进解决方案的要求。我们与这些客户紧密合作，确保所处理的个人信息仅限于实现这些目的所需的个人信息。在有限的情况下，我们与“围墙花园”的互动可能会导致意外收到个人信息。DoubleVerify 努力监控任何此类情况，以确保此类个人信息在收到后不会被处理，将其安全地从我们的系统中清除的操作除外。由于在这些情况下，个人信息的具体类别取决于客户的定制整合和决定，并且因客户而异，如果您有其他问题，我们建议您联系个别客户或查看他们在其渠道上提供的隐私文件。
解决方案并非旨在或面向儿童个人信息的处理。我们不会有意收集儿童个人信息，并且该等术语由适用法律不时定义。如果您是父母或监护人，并且认为您孩子的个人信息可能已通过解决方案处理，请使用下文第 13 条
“如何联系
DoubleVerify
”中的信息与我们联系，我们将采取措施从我们的系统中安全地删除他们的个人信息。
4. 我们如何使用我们收集的数据？
DoubleVerify 仅为了本解决方案隐私声明第 3 条
“我们收集哪些数据以及出于什么目的收集数据？
”中概述的目的使用技术信息和个人信息。通常，会处理技术信息和您的个人信息以向我们的客户提供报告、控制面板、反馈和见解（“
报告
”）。任何形式的 DV 报告都是匿名且汇总在一起的，或者，如果需要提供印象级别信息，每个印象都被去除身份标识，以确保不会与最终用户共享您的个人信息。尽管有上述规定，为以“围墙花园”形式运作的客户（例如社交媒体公司）和其他依赖该等报告的客户（例如在社交媒体上发布广告的公司）编制的报告可能包括在该等“围墙花园”中创建帐户的个人或创建内容并在该等“围墙花园”环境中发表内容的个人的信息。本条就如何处理技术信息和您的个人信息以实现本解决方案隐私声明第 3 条规定的业务目的，提供了额外的见解。
DoubleVerify 如第 3.1 条所述，通过以下方式使用通过解决方案收集的技术信息：
分析和报告广告的展示背景、质量、真实性和表现。具体而言，说明展示的广告是否符合客户预先设定的法律和投放要求的信息，以及客户在我们的系统中创建的偏好设置。
提供有关印象机会的见解和先占决策。DoubleVerify 技术分析印象机会的数据特征，并确定是否应该展示客户的广告，例如，通过确定周围内容不符合该客户的品牌和偏好。
为了增强欺诈消除，DoubleVerify 如第 3.1 条和第 3.2 条所述，使用通过解决方案收集的技术信息和个人信息：
查看和识别由机器人控制的非人用浏览器生成的欺诈性特定广告印象。
评估和识别无效流量，例如由强插式广告软件生成的流量、源自数据中心的流量、失实的流量、模拟流量和其他类型的无效流量。
分析和识别网站、移动和联网设备应用程序，以及具有欺诈流量和/或生成欺诈广告印象的媒体渠道。
识别参与欺诈性广告活动的网站之间的流量模式。
区分由机器人控制的非人用浏览器生成的流量和人用浏览器生成的流量。
确定分析的广告是否遵循适用的法律要求和我们客户设定的偏好。
确定中间件是否试图歪曲其操作特性以阻止识别欺诈或其他无效流量。
确定网站流量或广告印象是否源自服务器农场，而不是人类生成的浏览活动。
确定流量是通过欺诈行为还是通过其他不符合客户指南或偏好的流量获取行为获取。
创建与欺诈阴谋和非人类生成的流量相关联的 IP 地址和用户代理字符串记录（“欺诈表”）。由于此类数据点与非人际互动相关，因此不构成个人信息。
为了增强地理验证，如第 3.3 条所述，DoubleVerify 使用通过解决方案收集的技术信息和个人信息：
对最终用户的地理位置进行高级别（国家、州、地区或美国居民的邮政编码）评估，并验证最终用户是否位于客户的活动或流量设置内。
如果以“围墙花园”形式运作的客户要求 DoubleVerify 处理额外的个人信息以实施某些解决方案，DoubleVerify 将仅为履行其对客户的义务并严格按照客户的指示处理该等个人信息，以满足运作、维护和（如适用）改进解决方案的要求。如果您有任何问题，我们建议您与个别客户联系，或查看他们在其渠道上提供的隐私文件。
5. 我们如何以及向谁披露数据？
DoubleVerify 不会向第三方披露个人信息，但出于经营、维护和改进我们解决方案的业务目的严格必要的除外。如果我们自愿分享任何个人信息，我们确保接收方以符合我们自己的政策和标准的方式保护该信息。
我们可能会与以下各方共享您的个人信息：
服务提供商——我们签约为我们提供服务的公司，如 IT 和系统管理、基础设施和托管服务、研究和分析、支持和质量保证、安全和其他服务，其目的和依据如上所述。您可以联系我们，索取我们的服务提供商列表、他们接收哪些个人信息以及接收目的。您可以在本解决方案隐私声明的第 13 条
“如何联系
DoubleVerify”中找到联系信息。
关联公司——比如母公司、姐妹公司、子公司、合资企业或处于共同控制之下的其他公司，只要对经营、维护和改进我们的解决方案有必要。您可以联系我们，索取我们的关联公司列表、他们接收哪些个人信息以及接收目的。您可以在本解决方案隐私声明的第 13 条
“如何联系
DoubleVerify
”中找到联系信息。
我们的客户聘用的第三方——为了支持我们的客户，我们可能会将我们的解决方案与客户聘用的其他工具和服务相整合，以交付增强的服务和报告功能。在任何情况下，我们都不会从这些使 DoubleVerify 能够丰富我们的数据并识别最终用户的整合中接收数据。在有限的情况下，我们可能会与客户聘用的开展营销效果调查的公司分享印象水平信息。在有限的情况下，我们的客户可能指示我们分享某些个人信息，以实现不由 DoubleVerify 管理的产品或服务的功能。
参与公司交易的第三方——如果 DoubleVerify 被另一家公司收购或与其他公司合并，或发生重组、解散或其他根本性公司变更。
在以下情况下，我们可能被依法要求披露您的个人信息：
(a) 如果政府实体、法庭、执法或监管机构要求披露（例如，作为正在进行的调查、传票、类似的法律程序或诉讼程序的一部分）；
(b) 任何适用法律、法规或规则另有规定；以及
(c) 如果我们善意认为，为了保护或捍卫我们的权利或他人的权利，为了协助调查或防止非法活动，有必要披露。
在 DoubleVerify 为实现其提供、维护和改进我们的解决方案的“欺诈消除”部分和打击欺诈等业务目的而必要的情况，可能会与客户和其他第三方（例如行业组织）共享或向客户和该等其他第三方提供欺诈表和其他不包含个人信息的欺诈消除相关报告、数据馈送、API 和控制面板。
我们不与客户共享您的个人信息。我们通过我们的报告门户向客户提供的任何报告和分析都是匿名的，这意味着它们不包含个人信息。这些报告通常经过汇总，但在有限的情况下，通过 FTP 端点或 API 向客户提供印象级别报告，前提是此类报告不包含任何个人信息。我们可能会以汇总格式或原形式与第三方共享匿名技术信息，因为我们认为这对我们实现提供、维护和改进解决方案等业务目的有必要。此外，我们可能会在正常业务运营过程中，以汇总方式共享匿名数据或去除身份标识的数据；例如，发布案例研究和报告，以显示有关我们解决方案的优势和性能的趋势。
为免生疑义，DoubleVerify 不会向作为 CCPA 等法律项下的“企业”或“第三方”运营的实体披露个人信息。
6. 我们会将个人信息保留多长时间？？
DoubleVerify 保留通过其解决方案处理的任何个人信息，保留期限仅为为了实现本解决方案隐私声明中概述的目的而必要的时间，且在任何情况下均不超过四十五 (45) 天。期限到期后，该等个人信息将从 DoubleVerify 系统中安全清除。
欺诈表可无限期保留，以保证欺诈消除解决方案的适当功能。
因为技术信息的匿名性质，DoubleVerify 可无限期保留技术信息，或者保留 DoubleVerify 政策另行规定的和适用法律许可的期限，以及 DoubleVerify 与客户约定的期限。
7. 如何保护个人信息？
DoubleVerify 已实施适当的技术、物理和组织措施，以保护个人信息免遭意外或非法破坏或意外丢失、损坏、更改、未经授权的披露或访问，以及所有其他形式的非法处理。虽然我们遵循普遍接受的标准和最佳实践保护个人信息，但没有任何存储或传输方法是 100% 安全的。但是，我们将不断努力改进我们的保障措施，并保护您的个人信息安全。
8. 如何进行个人信息的国际传输？
请注意，我们收集的个人信息可能会被传输到您所在州、省、国家或其他司法管辖区之外的服务器或数据库，并予以维护。虽然您的个人信息可能通过当地的临时数据中心传输，以确保解决方案高效且快速响应，但 DoubleVerify 最终会将通过解决方案收集的所有个人信息存储在美国。作为一家全球性公司，我们在美国、英国、法国、比利时、芬兰、德国、以色列、加拿大、墨西哥、巴西、日本、印度、新加坡和澳大利亚设有办事处。我们这些地方的员工可能需要访问您的个人信息，以为我们的解决方案提供支持。在其中一些地方（如美国）建立的数据保护级别可能低于已颁布了强有力的隐私法律和法规的欧盟或其他司法管辖区建立的数据保护级别。我们采取措施，确保您的个人信息存储在我们这里很安全，符合对欧盟企业施加的监管隐私和安全要求。我们还会确保您的个人信息的任何其他接收者提供足够的保护和保障，例如，通过签订适当的背靠背协议，以及（如果需要）欧盟委员会或其他适用监管机构批准的标准合同条款或其他数据传输机制。本隐私声明所述的 DoubleVerify 的隐私实践符合亚太经合组织 (APEC) 的跨境隐私规则 (CBPR) 体系和处理者隐私识别 (PRP) 体系。APEC CBPR 体系和 APEC PRP 体系为组织提供框架，确保在参与 APEC 经济体之间传输的个人信息得到保护。有关 APEC 框架的更多信息，可在
此处
找到。如果您对我们存储个人信息的地点有任何疑问，您可以按照本全球隐私声明第 13 条
“如何联系
DoubleVerify
”所述联系我们。
此外，DoubleVerify Inc. 及其子公司 Outrigger Media, Inc.（经营别称 OpenSlate), Scibids Technology Inc., Zentrick Inc。（“ DoubleVerify ”）符合欧盟-美国数据隐私框架（欧盟-美国 DPF）、欧盟-美国 DPF 的英国扩充版以及美国商务部制定的瑞士-美国数据隐私框架（瑞士-美国 DPF）。DoubleVerify 已向美国商务部证明，其遵守欧盟-美国数据隐私框架原则（欧盟-美国 DPF 原则），该原则适用于（依据欧盟-美国 DPF）处理在欧盟收到的个人数据，以及（依据欧盟-美国 DPF 的英国扩充版）处理在英国（和直布罗陀）收到的个人数据。DoubleVerify 已向美国商务部证明，其遵守瑞士-美国数据隐私框架原则（欧盟-美国 DPF 原则），该原则适用于依据瑞士-美国 DPF 处理在瑞士收到的个人数据。如果本隐私政策中的条款与欧盟-美国 DPF 原则和/或瑞士-美国 DPF 原则之间存在任何冲突之处，应以这些原则为准。如要了解有关数据隐私框架 (DPF) 计划的更多信息以及查看我们的证明，请访问
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
。
DoubleVerify 负责根据 DPF 处理其收到的个人数据，并随后将此类数据传输给作为其代理的第三方。DoubleVerify 在后续从欧盟、英国和瑞士传输个人数据时均遵守 DPF 原则，包括后续传输责任规定。
美国联邦贸易委员会对 DoubleVerify 是否遵守欧盟-美国 DPF、欧盟-美国 DPF 的英国扩充版以及瑞士-美国 DPF 具有管辖权。在某些情况下，DoubleVerify 可能需要按照公共部门的合法要求披露个人数据，包括为满足国家安全或执法要求而披露。
根据欧盟-美国 DPF、欧盟-美国 DPF 的英国扩充版以及瑞士-美国 DPF，DoubleVerify 承诺将有关我们依据欧盟-美国 DPF、欧盟-美国 DPF 的英国扩充版以及瑞士-美国 DPF 处理所收到的个人数据的未解决的投诉提交给 TRUSTe，TRUSTe 是一家位于美国的替代性争议解决提供商。如果您没有及时收到我们对您的 DPF 原则相关投诉进行的确认，或者我们没有以您满意的方式处理您的 DPF 原则相关投诉，请访问 https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request 以了解更多信息或提出投诉。我们免费为您提供上述争议解决服务。
对于任何其他 DPF 机制未解决的与 DPF 合规性相关的投诉，在某些情况下，您可以寻求有约束力的仲裁。更多信息请参见 DPF 官方网站。
9. 您有哪些权利？
某些司法管辖区的最终用户可能拥有数据主体权利，使他们能够提出与其个人信息相关的要求。大多数司法管辖区还向最终用户提供以下信息的知情权：任何个人信息如何被收集和使用、该个人信息的共享或披露对象，以及出于何种目的共享或披露。DoubleVerify 的解决方案隐私声明旨在满足任何此类要求，但如果您有任何其他问题，或希望更好地了解您的个人信息可能如何被收集、使用，或者您的个人信息的共享或披露对象，以及共享或披露的原因，请使用以下第 13 条
“如何联系
DoubleVerify
”联系我们。
尤其是欧洲经济区、英国、瑞士或加利福尼亚州的居民根据适用的隐私法律和法规（例如 GDPR 和 CCPA 享有多项权利。要行使该等权利，您可以使用
本表格
，或使用以下第 13 条“
如何联系
DoubleVerify
”联系我们。根据某些法律法规 (如 CCPA)，您还可指定授权代理人代表您提交要求或行使权利。我们不会因您行使您的权利而歧视或报复您。
该等权利包括：
访问我们可能持有的关于您的个人信息（包括有关个人信息的类别和具体部分的信息）的权利。
更正我们可能持有的有关您的任何不准确个人信息的权利。请记住，由于我们收集的个人信息的性质和收集方法，我们持有的信息不准确或者个人信息需要更正的情形基本不存在。
要求 DoubleVerify 删除我们可能持有的关于您的个人信息的权利。
要求在一段时间内暂停或限制处理有关您的个人信息的权利，例如，在您评估您是否拥有其他想要行使的权利时。
如果您的个人信息是基于合法权益进行处理，您有权反对此类处理。
如果您的个人信息是在您同意的基础上处理的，您有权通过 IAB 欧洲透明度和同意框架撤销此类同意。
我们应尽最大可能满足与最终用户相关的任何请求，前提是我们能够将最终用户与我们在系统上持有的个人信息相匹配。但是，在某些情况下，为了满足一项要求，我们可能需要验证您的身份。为了验证您的身份或了解您的要求的范围，我们可能需要请求提供有关您的其他信息。您无需在我们这里创建帐户即可提交要求或满足要求。您需要提供电子邮件地址以便我们能够与您沟通并支持您的要求，以及我们可能需要的任何信息，以便验证我们是否持有您的任何个人信息。请注意，可能存在会导致我们无法满足您的要求的情况，但如果我们无法满足您的要求，我们将说明原因。如果我们不持有关于您的任何个人信息，我们会通知您。我们会尽力尽快回复所有查询和要求，但请允许我们最晚三十 (30) 天给予回复。
如果 DoubleVerify 是适用法律中定义的“处理者”、“承包商”或“服务提供商”，您可能需要将您行使权利的要求提交给担任“控制者”或“企业”的相关客户。
10. 其他披露
某些隐私法律和法规 (如 CCPA) 要求企业披露他们是否出售个人信息。DoubleVerify 不会以加利福尼亚州、弗吉尼亚州和内华达州法律或类似法律明确的“出售”或“共享”方式披露个人信息。
11. DoubleVerify 是否使用人工智能？
在整个组织范围内，DoubleVerify 以各种身份和方式来使用人工智能（“AI”）。虽然 DoubleVerify 使用 AI 技术，但我们不会进行适用隐私法律和法规中定义的“自动化决策”。
12. 适用法律
在适用范围内以及适用法律和法规允许的范围内，本解决方案隐私声明受特拉华州内部法律管辖并据其解释，任何争议的司法管辖权和审判地点将在特拉华州。
13. 我们是否会更新本解决方案隐私声明？
我们可能会不时更新本解决方案隐私声明，以反映我们解决方案、实践、政策或其他内部或外部变更的变化，以及遵守新的法律要求。任何变更都将在生效后立即发布。如果我们进行更新，我们将更新本解决方案隐私声明顶部列出的“生效日期”，以帮助您了解作出变更的时间。为了随时了解任何此类更新，我们鼓励您定期查阅本解决方案隐私声明。请注意，本解决方案隐私声明的任何译文仅用于方便您访问此信息。英文版是本解决方案隐私声明的唯一官方版本，任何翻译不准确或不一致之处均没有约束力，且就合规或执行而言，不具有任何法律效力。
14. 如何联系 DoubleVerify？
如果您对本解决方案隐私声明有任何疑问、疑虑或意见，或者您认为您的个人信息的使用方式与隐私声明或您的选择不符，您可以通过以下方式联系我们的隐私团队：
隐私官
/
数据保护官（隐私团队）联系方式
DoubleVerify Inc.
462 Broadway
New York, NY 10013
privacy-policy@doubleverify.com
如果您有未解决的隐私或数据使用问题，而我们未能为您圆满解决，请联系我们位于美国的第三方争议解决方案提供商（免费），网址为
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
。我们致力于公平地解决您关于您的隐私或本解决方案隐私声明的任何投诉或疑虑。但是，如果您认为一直以来我们无法为您提供帮助，则本解决方案隐私声明中的任何内容均不限制或试图限制您在适用法律项下的权利，包括您向您当地的数据保护机构或对隐私相关事宜有管辖权的其他机构提出投诉的能力（取决于您所居住的国家/地区）。
Datum stupanja na snagu: 28. lipnja 2024.
Pregled
Tvrtka DoubleVerify Inc., zajedno sa svojim globalnim podružnicama („
DoubleVerify
”, „
mi
”, „
nas”
ili „
naše
”) industrijski je lider u pružanju transparentnosti i odgovornosti u mrežnom oglašavanju. Tvrtka DoubleVerify koristi različite tehnologije za prikupljanje informacija o mrežnom oglašavanju, prometu na web-mjestu, prometu na mobilnoj aplikaciji i na povezanom uređaju radi pružanja proizvoda i rješenja za transparentnost i odgovornost u oglašavanju (skupno „
Rješenja
”). Ova obavijest o privatnosti („
Obavijest o privatnosti rješenja
”) objašnjava tko smo, kako prikupljamo, upotrebljavamo i dijelimo Osobne podatke putem naših Rješenja te kako možete ostvariti svoja prava na privatnost.
Ako želite više informacija o tome kako DoubleVerify obrađuje Osobne podatke prikupljene na našim javno dostupnim web-mjestima, posjetite naša
web-mjesta i Obavijest o privatnosti u marketingu
.
Ako koristite Rješenja tvrtke DoubleVerify i želite više informacija o tome kako DoubleVerify obrađuje Osobne podatke prikupljene putem naših alata za izvješćivanje, posjetite našu
Obavijest o privatnosti alata za izvješćivanje
.
Brze poveznice
Preporučujemo da u cijelosti pročitate ovu Obavijest o privatnosti rješenja kako biste bili u potpunosti informirani. Međutim, kako bismo vam olakšali pronalaženje i pregled određenih dijelova ove Obavijesti o privatnosti rješenja, imamo ih podijeljene u sljedeće odjeljke:
Tko je DoubleVerify?
Koja je naša uloga, ciljevi i pravna osnova obrade?
Koje podatke prikupljamo i u koje svrhe?
Kako koristimo podatke koje prikupljamo?
Kako i kome otkrivamo podatke?
Koliko dugo čuvamo Osobne podatke?
Kako se osiguravaju Osobni podaci?
Kako se Osobni podaci prenose na međunarodnoj razini?
Koja su vaša prava?
Dodatna otkrivanja podataka
Koristi li DoubleVerify umjetnu inteligenciju?
Mjerodavni zakon
Ažuriramo li ovu Obavijest o privatnosti rješenja?
Kako možete kontaktirati DoubleVerify?
1. Tko je DoubleVerify?
Akreditirane platforme tvrtke DoubleVerify pružaju neovisno mjerenje digitalnih medija, podatke i analitiku o dojmu prikazivanja oglašavanja (ili „oglasa”) i mrežnom prometu kako bi pomogle oglašivačima, agencijama i prodavateljima oglasnog prostora (zajedno „
Klijenti
”) da potvrde precizne karakteristike isporuke, uključujući sigurnost branda, metriku vidljivosti te kontekstualne i okolišne parametre (primjerice, web-mjesto na kojem se neki oglas pojavljuje i gdje se pojavljuje na web-stranici), dojam o oglasu i karakteristike kvalitete prometa na web-mjestu i pružaju uvide koji omogućavaju Klijentima da donesu informirane odluke o postavljanju njihovog kreativnog rada i brenda.
Vjerujemo u pružanje jake zaštite privatnosti svakom pojedincu čije podatke možemo obrađivati u bilo kojem svojstvu – jer vjerujemo da je privatnost fundamentalno pravo, a ne nešto što treba da zavisi o tome gdje živite. Da bismo ispunili to načelo, sve podatke koji se odnose ili povezani su s identificiranim pojedincem ili koji se može identificirati, tretiramo kao „Osobne podatke” bez obzira na lokaciju tog pojedinca. Kada se radi o našim Rješenjima, DoubleVerify ograničava sve podatke koje prikuplja na podatke koji ne omogućavaju identificiranje pojedinca bez dodatnih informacija. Na primjer, DoubleVerify obrađuje adresu vašeg Internet Protokola („IP”), a to je broj koji se automatiziranim putem dodjeljuje računalu pri uporabi Interneta. Iako DoubleVerify tretira takve podatke kao Osobne podatke, u skladu s najboljim praksama i primjenjivim zakonima, te podatke nikada ne kombiniramo s drugim podacima koji bi nam omogućili da identificiramo pojedinca na kojeg se odnose.
Ova Obavijest o privatnosti rješenja ima namjenu da informira pojedince čiji podaci mogu biti obrađeni putem Rješenja („
Krajnji korisnik (korisnici)
” ili, „
vi
” i „
vaše
”) o: (1) vrstama podataka koje DoubleVerify može da prikupi o vama ili vašem uređaju kada se oglas koji mi analiziramo isporučuje vama na web-mjestu koje pregledavate ili u aplikaciji koju koristite, (2) našim praksama privatnosti, kako koristimo, dijelimo i na drugi način obrađujemo podatke koji se smatraju Osobnim podacima i (3) koja su vaša prava u svezi s takvim Osobnim podacima. Ova Obavijest o privatnosti rješenja objašnjava i koje neosobne podatke  (“
Tehnički podaci
”) prikupljamo o oglasima koje pratimo te kako koristimo te Tehničke podatke da ojačamo naša Rješenja.
2. Koja je naša uloga, ciljevi i pravna osnova obrade?
Rješenja tvrtke DoubleVerify za identificiranje i eliminiranje prijevare („
Eliminiranje prijevare
”) i provjeru zemljopisne sukladnosti („
Geo provjera
”) zahtijevaju obradu Osobnih podataka. Osim u ograničenim okolnostima navedenim u nastavku, u pogledu zakona i propisa poput Opće uredbe o zaštiti podataka („
GDPR
”), DoubleVerify upravlja eliminiranjem prijevare kao „voditelj obrade” i Geo provjerom kao „izvršitelj obrade”. U pogledu Kalifornijskog zakona o privatnosti potrošača („
CCPA
“) i drugih regulatornih okvira američke savezne države, naša se funkcija može razlikovati ovisno o specifičnom odnosu sa svakim Klijentom. Budući da su Osobni podaci koje obrađujemo prikupljaju našom tehnologijom i da su nam „stavljeni na raspolaganje” od strane naših Klijenata, općenito poslujemo kao „izvođač” prema CCPA-u ili kao „izvršitelj obrade” prema drugim zakonima američke savezne države i regulatornim okvirima.  Bez obzira na gore navedeno, u ograničenim okolnostima u kojima se Osobni podaci dijele s tvrtkom DoubleVerify putem prilagođenih integracija i drugih nestandardnih sredstava, primjerice kad takve Osobne podatke prikuplja i daje Klijent za analizu tvrtki DoubleVerify, možemo se smatrati „izvršiteljem obrade” ili „pružateljem usluga” prema CCPA-u.  Ovaj je scenario najčešći u našem partnerstvu s Klijentima iz društvenih medija i drugim Klijentima koji upravljaju vlasničkim okruženjima, koji se često nazivaju „ograđenim vrtovima”.
Osim za eliminiranje prijevare, uključujući prema potrebi za kvalificiranje dojmova u skladu sa standardnim industrijskim praksama (npr. smjernice Vijeća za ocjenjivanje medija) i Geo provjerom, ostala Rješenja tvrtke DoubleVerify (kao što su preglednost, sigurnost branda i prikladnost) općenito ne zahtijevaju obradu Osobnih podataka. Međutim, postoje okolnosti, kao što su slučajevi u kojima možemo pružiti takva Rješenja Klijentima koji upravljaju „ograđenim vrtovima“, gdje ti Klijenti, u svojoj ulozi voditelja obrade, mogu zahtijevati od tvrtke DoubleVerify da obradi dodatne Osobne podatke Krajnjih korisnika ili pojedinaca koji kreiraju račune i sadržaj unutar okruženja Klijenta. U svakom takvom scenariju, odluku o tome koji se Osobni podaci obrađuju donose Klijenti, koji u svojoj ulozi voditelja obrade, također, prema vlastitom nahođenju, određuju pravnu osnovu obrade takvih Osobnih podataka. Za dodatne informacije o praksi privatnosti ovih Klijenata, obrađenim Osobnim podacima i primjenjivoj pravnoj osnovi obrade, trebali biste pregledati relevantnu i primjenjivu obavijest ili izjave o privatnosti svakog Klijenta. Ako se obratite tvrtki DoubleVerify kako biste se raspitali o tim programima, možemo vam dati neke osnovne informacije o poslu koji obavljamo za te Klijente, ali preporučujemo da se obratite pojedinačnom Klijentu ili pregledate dokumentaciju o privatnosti koju stavljaju na raspolaganje na svojim posjedima.
Što se tiče zakona poput GDPR-a, zakonska osnova tvrtke DoubleVerify za obradu Osobnih podataka putem Rješenja je legitimni interes: (i) naših Klijenata da izbjegnu prijevare temeljene na oglasu i iznošenje točnih i sukladnih podataka o zemljopisnoj lokaciji Krajnjim korisnicima, (ii) da Krajnji korisnici prime oglase bez prijevare te točne i sukladne podatke o zemljopisnoj lokaciji i (iii) opće javnosti za kontinuiranu dostupnost besplatnog interneta.
DoubleVerify sudjeluje u IAB-ovom Okviru za transparentnost i privolu (TCFv2.2 – ID dobavljača 126), a koristimo legitimni interes kao našu osnovu za prikupljanje podataka za sljedeće svrhe:
osiguranje sigurnosti, sprječavanje i otkrivanje prijevare te ispravku pogreške (posebna svrha 1)
isporuku i prezentaciju oglašavanja i sadržaja (posebna svrha 2)
spremanje i priopćavanje izbora privatnosti (posebna svrha 3)
mjerenje performanse oglasa (svrha 7)
razvoj i poboljšanje usluga (svrha 10)
U ograničenim scenarijima, subjekt nadležan za IAB Europe Okvir za transparentnost i privolu na imovini u kojoj djeluju Rješenja tvrtke DoubleVerify može našu Geo provjeru učiniti podložnom privoli. U ovim vrlo ograničenim slučajevima, privola se primjenjuje na:
uporabu ograničenih podataka za odabir oglašavanja (svrha 2)
mjerenje performanse oglasa (svrha 7)
razvoj i poboljšanje usluga (svrha 10)
3. Koje podatke prikupljamo i u koje svrhe?
Za izvršenje svojih poslovnih svrha pružanja, održavanja i poboljšanja svojih Rješenja, tvrtka DoubleVerify prikuplja i koristi određene kategorije Osobnih podataka i Tehničkih podataka. Ove kategorije Osobnih podataka i Tehničkih podataka obrađuju se putem Rješenja tvrtke DoubleVerify koja su navedena u nastavku. Do mjere u kojoj su Osobni podaci nužni za funkcioniranje jedne ili više značajki Rješenja tvrtke DoubleVerify, takvi Osobni podaci koristit će se za specifične svrhe navedene u nastavku, osim ako zakon ne utvrdi drugačije. Pored toga, u nekim okolnostima, može biti nužno obraditi Osobne podatke u svezi s nekim Tehničkim podacima kako bi Rješenja tvrtke DoubleVerify uredno funkcionirala. U takvim situacijama, kombinirani podaci smatraju se Osobnim podacima te se štite shodno tome. Nikada ne kombiniramo, analiziramo ili obogaćujemo Osobne podatke i Tehničke podatke koje obrađujemo s dodatnim podacima s ciljem identificiranja Krajnjih korisnika. Nikada ne pratimo vas ili vaše mrežne aktivnosti širom aplikacija i web-mjesta ili tijekom vremena, ne oslanjamo se na stalne tehnologije kao što su kolačići treće strane te nikada ne stvaramo profile ili skupine publike da bismo ciljali na pojedince.
Kategorije prikupljenih i korištenih Tehničkih podataka za pokretanje Rješenja tvrtke DoubleVerify:
svojstva oglašivačkih kampanja – Prikupljaju se i obrađuju identifikator oglašivača koji isporučuje oglas, identifikatori njegove kampanje i postavljanja, identifikatori medijskog svojstva koje prodaje medijski prostor oglašivaču ili bilo kojoj posredničkoj platformi za oglašavanje kako bi se identificirao Klijent kojemu pružamo uslugu, primijenile ispravne postavke za Klijenta, segmentirala izvješća Klijenta prema tim identifikatorima i fakturiralo Klijentu.
Svojstva mrežnog sadržaja – Prikupljaju se mrežna adresa (URL) stranice/okvira gdje je poslat oglas te adresa svih preporučenih stranica/okvira kako bi se osigurala isporuka oglasa u pravom kontekstu koji je postavio naš Klijent u postavkama profila u našem sustavu.
Svojstva mobilne aplikacije – Naziv mobilne aplikacije, id mobilne aplikacije, prodavaonica aplikacije, programer aplikacije, ocjenjivanje aplikacije zvjezdicama, ocjenjivanje dobi aplikacije i ostale javno dostupne informacije o mobilnoj aplikaciji gdje se šalje oglas. Ova informacija koristi se da se osigura isporuka oglasa u pravom kontekstu koji je odredio naš Klijent u postavkama profila u našem sustavu.
Svojstva digitalne sredine – Prikupljaju se vrsta povezanog uređaja na koji se oglas šalje: mobilni, stolni, povezani TV ili drugi uređaj, vrsta preglednika i verzija korištena za pružanje stranice na kojoj se oglas pojavljuje i operativni sustav da se utvrdi koja verzija našega koda bi uredno funkcionirala u toj sredini i pravilno izmjeri je li oglas imao priliku da postane vidljiv na zaslonu sukladno industrijskim standardima koji se razlikuju među sredinama.
Svojstva vidljivosti – Prikupljaju se lokacija oglasa na stranici, veličina oglasa, veličina zaslona, veličina prozora za prikaz, status fokusa kartice, status fokusa preglednika, vrijeme trajanja oglasa u vidljivom dijelu mrežne stranice i položaj pomicanja mrežne stranice da se utvrdi i prijavi Klijentu je li oglas imao priliku da postane vidljiv na zaslonu.
Svojstva izloženosti i angažiranosti – Prikupljaju se podaci koji pokazuju jesu li na oglas kliknuli, prebacili ga, dodirnuli, promijenili veličinu, preskočili, utišali, zaustavili, rotirali, preletjeli mišem preko oglasa ili promijenili glasnoću, kako bi pomogli našim Klijentima da mjere izvedbu oglasa, reklamne kampanje ili medijskog svojstva.
Kategorije podataka koje se prikupljaju i koriste za pokretanje Eliminiranja prijevare:
pseudonimni elektronički identifikatori prisutnosti i uređaja – tj. IP adresa, niz korisničkog agenta ili izvedenice ove dvije vrijednosti – koriste se kako bi se procijenilo sudjelovanje mrežne prisutnosti ili uređaja u lažnoj shemi ili povezanost s njom.
Kategorije podataka koje se prikupljaju i koriste za pokretanje Geo provjere:
pseudonimni elektronički identifikatori prisutnosti i uređaja – IP adresa- prikupljaju se kako bi se utvrdila zemljopisna lokacija s kojom su povezani. Svaki IP povezan je sa zemljom i unutar SAD može biti povezan sa specifičnijim podacima sve do poštanskoga broja. Točan podatak o vašoj geolokaciji nikada se ne prikuplja.
U ograničenim okolnostima, pojedini Klijenti, primjerice Klijenti koji djeluju kao „ograđeni vrt(ovi)”, mogu zahtijevati od tvrtke DoubleVerify obrađivanje dodatnih Osobnih podataka za omogućavanje svojih Rješenja. Takvi dodatni Osobni podaci mogu se odnositi na Krajnje korisnike, pojedince koji kreiraju račune unutar takvih „ograđenih vrtova” ili pojedince koji kreiraju sadržaj koji se objavljuje unutar takvih okruženja „ograđenih vrtova”. Do mjere do Klijent koji djeluje kao „ograđeni vrt” traži od tvrtke DoubleVerify obradu dodatnih Osobnih podataka za omogućavanje određenih Rješenja, DoubleVerify će obrađivati takve Osobne podatke isključivo u svrhu ispunjavanja svojih obaveza prema Klijentu i strogo u skladu s uputama Klijenta, kako je potrebno za rad, održavanje i, gdje je primjenjivo, poboljšanje Rješenja. Marljivo radimo s tim Klijentima kako bismo osigurali da su obrađeni Osobni podaci ograničeni samo na Osobne podatke potrebne za postizanje ovih svrha. U ograničenim okolnostima, naša interakcija s „ograđenim vrtovima” može rezultirati slučajnim primanjem osobnih podataka. Tvrtka DoubleVerify marljivo radi na praćenju takvih slučajeva kako bi osigurala da se takvi Osobni podaci ne obrađuju nakon primitka, osim da bi ih sigurno pročistila iz naših sustava. Budući da u ovim scenarijima specifične kategorije Osobnih podataka ovise o prilagođenoj integraciji i odlukama Klijenta te se razlikuju od Klijenta do Klijenta, ako imate dodatnih pitanja, preporučujemo da se obratite pojedinom Klijentu ili pregledate dokumentaciju o privatnosti koju oni stavljaju na raspolaganje na svojim posjedima.
Rješenja nisu namijenjena ili usmjerena na obradu Osobnih podataka o djeci. Ne prikupljamo svjesno Osobne podatke od djece, budući da je takav pojam s vremena na vrijeme definiran primjenjivim zakonima. Ako ste roditelj ili skrbnik i vjerujete da su Osobni podaci vašega djeteta obrađeni preko Rješenja, molimo da nas kontaktirate preko informacija u Odjeljku 13 u nastavku „
Kako kontaktirati tvrtku DoubleVerify”
, a mi ćemo poduzeti korake da sigurno izbrišemo njihove Osobne podatke iz naših sustava.
4. Kako koristimo podatke koje prikupljamo?
Tvrtka DoubleVerify koristi samo Osobne podatke i Tehničke podatke prikupljene u svrhe navedene u Odjeljku 3, „
Koje podatke prikupljamo i u koje svrhe?”
ove Obavijesti o privatnosti rješenja. Općenito, Osobni podaci i Tehnički podaci obrađuju se radi pružanja izvješća, nadzornih ploča, povratnih informacija i uvida  („
Izvješća
”) našim Klijentima. DV izvješće, u bilo kojem formatu, anonimizirano je i objedinjeno ili se svaki dojam deidentificira, u mjeri u kojoj je razina informacija o dojmu nužna, kako bi se osiguralo da se Osobni podaci Krajnjeg korisnika nikada ne dijele s Klijentima. Bez obzira na gore navedeno, izvješćivanje napravljeno za Klijente koji posluju kao „ograđeni vrtovi” (na primjer tvrtke iz područja društvenih medija) i druge Klijente koji se oslanjaju na takvo izvješćivanje (na primjer tvrtke koje se oglašavaju na sažecima sadržaja društvenih medija) mogu uključivati podatke o pojedincima koji kreiraju račune unutar takvih „ograđenih vrtova” ili pojedincima koji kreiraju sadržaje koji se objavljuju unutar takvih „ograđenih vrtova”. Ovaj Odjeljak daje dodatni uvid o tome kako se obrađuju Osobni podaci i Tehnički podaci kako bi se postigle poslovne svrhe navedene u Odjeljku 3 ove Obavijesti o privatnosti rješenja.
DoubleVerify koristi Tehničke podatke prikupljene putem Rješenja kako je navedeno u Odjeljku 3.1 na sljedeće načine:
da analizira i izvijesti o kontekstu u kojem su oglasi prikazani, njihovoj kvaliteti, autentičnosti i izvedbi. Osobito, podatke koji pokazuju prikazuje li se oglas sukladno prethodno postavljenim zakonskim zahtjevima Klijenta i zahtjevima postavljanja kao i postavkama preferencija koje je Klijent podesio u našem sustavu.
Za pružanje uvida i preventivno odlučivanje o mogućnostima dojmova. Tehnologija DoubleVerify analizira karakteristike podataka o mogućnosti dojma i utvrđuje treba li Klijentov oglas biti prikazan ili ne, primjerice utvrđujući da okolni sadržaj se ne poklapa s brendiranjem i preferencijama Klijenta.
DoubleVerify, za pokretanje Eliminiranja prijevare koristi Osobne podatke i Tehničke podatke prikupljene putem Rješenja, kako je navedeno u Odjeljcima 3.1 i 3.2 da:
pregleda i identificira specifične dojmove o oglasu koji su prijevarni jer su ih stvorili preglednici koje kontrolira bot, odnosno ne-ljudski preglednici.
procijeni i identificira nevaljani promet kao što je promet koji su generirali injektori oglasa, promet generiran u podatkovnim centrima, pogrešno prikazani promet, oponašani promet te druge vrste nevaljanog prometa.
analizira i identificira web-mjesta, mobilne aplikacije i aplikacije povezane na uređaj i svojstva medija koji imaju lažni promet i/ili generiraju lažne reklamne dojmovi.
identificira obrasce prometa na web-mjestima koja sudjeluju u lažnoj reklamnoj aktivnosti.
razlikuje promet koji generiraju preglednici koje kontrolira bot, odnosno ne-ljudski preglednici i ljudski preglednici.
utvrdi slijede li analizirani oglasi primjenjive zakonske zahtjeve i postavke koje su postavili naši Klijenti.
utvrdi pokušava li posrednički softver lažno prikazati svoje radne karakteristike kako bi spriječio utvrđivanje prijevare ili drugog nevaljanog prometa.
utvrdi potječu li promet na web-mjestu ili prikazivanje oglasa s podatkovnog centra poslužitelja, a ne od aktivnosti pregledavanja koje je generirao čovjek.
utvrdi stječe li se promet prijevarama ili drugim postupcima prikupljanja prometa koji nisu sukladni smjernicama ili preferencijama Klijenta.
stvore zapisi IP adresa i nizova korisničkog agenta povezanih s lažnim shemama i prometom koji nije generiran od strane čovjeka („Tablice prijevara”). Budući da su takve točke podataka povezane s ne-ljudskim interakcijama, one ne predstavljaju Osobne podatke.
Tvrtka DoubleVerify, kako bi omogućila Geo provjeru, koristi Tehničke podatke i Osobne podatke prikupljene putem Rješenja, kako je navedeno u Odjeljku 3.3, da:
procijeni na visokoj razini (država, savezna država, regija ili za stanovnike SAD-a, poštanski broj) zemljopisni položaj Krajnjeg korisnika i provjeri nalazi li se Krajnji korisnik unutar postavki Klijentove kampanje ili prometa.
Do mjere do Klijent koji djeluje kao „ograđeni vrt” traži od tvrtke DoubleVerify obradu dodatnih Osobnih podataka za omogućavanje određenih Rješenja, DoubleVerify će obrađivati takve Osobne podatke isključivo u svrhu ispunjavanja svojih obaveza prema Klijentu i strogo u skladu s uputama Klijenta, kako je potrebno za rad, održavanje i, gdje je primjenjivo, poboljšanje Rješenja. Ako imate pitanja, preporučujemo da se obratite pojedinom Klijentu ili pregledate dokumentaciju o privatnosti koju stavljaju na raspolaganje na svojim posjedima.
5. Kako i kome otkrivamo podatke?
Tvrtka DoubleVerify ne otkriva Osobne podatke trećim stranama, osim kada je to izričito nužno za naše poslovne svrhe poslovanja, održavanja i poboljšavanja naših Rješenja. Do mjere u kojoj dobrovoljno dijelimo bilo koje Osobne podatke, osiguravamo da ih primatelj zaštiti na način koji se sukladan našim vlastitim pravilima i standardima.
Vaše osobne podatke možemo dijeliti s:
pružateljima usluga – tvrtke s kojima smo ugovorili pružanje usluga kao što su IT i administracija sustava, usluge infrastrukture i hostinga, istraživanja i analitike, podrške i osiguranja kvalitete, sigurnosne i druge usluge, u svrhe i temeljem gore opisane pravne osnove. Stupanjem u kontakt s nama, možete tražiti popis naših pružatelja usluga, koje Osobne podatke primaju i u koje svrhe. Kontakt informacije navedene su u Odjeljku 13 “
Kako kontaktirati DoubleVerify
” ove Obavijesti o privatnosti rješenja.
Povezanim društvima – kao što su matična tvrtka, sestrinske tvrtke, podružnice, joint ventures ili druge tvrtke pod zajedničkom kontrolom u mjeri u kojoj je nužno za poslovanje, održavanje i poboljšanje naših Rješenja. Stupanjem u kontakt s nama, možete tražiti popis naših povezanih društava, koje Osobne podatke primaju i u koje svrhe. Kontakt informacije navedene su u Odjeljku 13 “
Kako kontaktirati DoubleVerify
” ove Obavijesti o privatnosti rješenja.
Trećim stranama koje angažiraju naši Klijenti – za podršku našim Klijentima, možemo integrirati naša Rješenja s drugim alatima i uslugama angažiranima od naših Klijenata za isporuku poboljšanih usluga i mogućnosti izvješćivanja. Ni pod kojim okolnostima ne primamo podatke od ovih integracija koji omogućavaju tvrtki DoubleVerify da obogati svoje podatke i identificira Krajnje korisnike. U ograničenim situacijama, možemo dijeliti podatke o razini dojma s tvrtkama angažiranima od naših Klijenata radi provođenja istraživanja o učinkovitosti marketinga. U ograničenim okolnostima, naši Klijenti mogu od nas zatražiti da podijelimo određene Osobne podatke koji su potrebni za omogućavanje funkcionalnosti proizvoda ili usluge kojima tvrtka DoubleVerify ne upravlja.
Trećim stranama uključenima u korporativnu transakciju – u slučaju da tvrtka DoubleVerify bude kupljena ili spoji se s drugom tvrtkom ili u slučaju reorganiziranja, raspada ili druge temeljne korporativne promjene.
Zakonski možemo biti u obvezi otkriti vaše Osobne podatke:
(a) ako državni organ, tribunal, agencija za provedbu zakona ili regulatorna agencija zahtijeva takvo otkrivanje (primjerice kao dio tekuće istrage, sudskog naloga, sličnog zakonskog procesa ili postupka);
(b) kada je u suprotnom nužno prema mjerodavnom zakonu, propisu ili pravilu; i
(c) ako u dobroj vjeri vjerujemo da je takvo otkrivanje nužno radi zaštite ili obrane naših ili tuđih prava, pomoći u istrazi ili sprječavanja nezakonite aktivnosti.
Tablice prijevara i druga izvješća o Eliminiranju prijevara, unosi podataka, API-i i nadzorne ploče koje ne sadrže Osobne podatke, mogu se dijeliti s Klijentima i drugim trećim stranama, uključujući primjerice industrijske organizacije ili učiniti dostupnima, ako je tvrtki DoubleVerify potrebno za obavljanje posla, odnosno svrhe pružanja, održavanja i poboljšanja dijela naših Rješenja za Eliminiranje prijevara i borbu protiv prijevara.
Vaše Osobne podatke ne dijelimo s našim Klijentima. Sva izvješća i analitika koje Klijentima stavljamo na raspolaganje putem našeg portala za izvješćivanje anonimni su, što znači da ne sadrže Osobne podatke. Izvješća se obično prikupljaju, ali u ograničenim okolnostima izvješćivanje o razini dojma pruža se našim Klijentima putem FTP krajnjih točaka ili API-ja, pod uvjetom da takva izvješća ne sadrže nikakve Osobne podatke.  Tehničke podatke koji su anonimni, u skupnim formatima ili u sirovom obliku možemo dijeliti s trećim stranama za koje smatramo da su nužni za obavljanje naših poslovnih svrha pružanja, održavanja i poboljšanja Rješenja.  Uz to, anonimne ili neidentificirane podatke možemo dijeliti zbirno u uobičajenom tijeku poslovanja; primjerice, da objavimo studije slučaja i izvješća kako bi se pokazali trendovi o prednostima i izvedbi naših Rješenja.
Radi izbjegavanja sumnje, tvrtka DoubleVerify ne otkriva Osobne podatke subjektima koji posluju kao „poduzeće” ili „trećim stranama” prema zakonima poput CCPA.
6. Koliko dugo čuvamo Osobne podatke?
Tvrtka DoubleVerify zadržava samo Osobne podatke obrađene preko Rješenja sve dok je to nužno za izvršenje svrha navedenih u ovoj Obavijesti o privatnosti rješenja, a ni u kom slučaju dulje od četrdeset pet (45) dana. Po isteku tog perioda, Osobni podaci sigurno se brišu iz sustava tvrtke DoubleVerify.
Tablice prijevare mogu biti zadržane da se osigura uredna funkcionalnost Rješenja za eliminiranje prijevare.
Tehničke podatke, koji su po prirodi anonimni, DoubleVerify može zadržati na neodređeno vrijeme ili sve dok nije drugačije određeno pravilima tvrtke DoubleVerify i dozvoljeno važećim zakonima i sporazumima tvrtke s njezinim Klijentima.
7. Kako se osiguravaju Osobni podaci?
Tvrtka DoubleVerify implementirala je tehničke, fizičke i organizacijske mjere dizajnirane da zaštite Osobne podatke od slučajnog ili nezakonitog uništavanja ili slučajnog gubitka, štete, izmjene, neovlaštenog otkrivanja ili pristupa, kao i sve druge oblike nezakonite obrade. Dok slijedimo opće prihvaćene standarde i prakse da zaštitimo Osobne podatke, nijedna metoda pohrane ili prijenosa nije 100% sigurna. Međutim, konstantno radimo na poboljšanjima naših mjera zaštite i da vaši Osobni podaci budu sigurni.
8. Kako se Osobni podaci prenose na međunarodnoj razini?
Molimo vas da imate na umu da Osobni podaci koje prikupljamo mogu biti preneseni i održavani na poslužiteljima ili podatkovnim centrima lociranima izvan vaše savezne države, okruga, države ili druge nadležnosti. Dok se vaši Osobni podaci mogu prenijeti preko lokalnih privremenih podatkovnih centara kako bi se osiguralo da su Rješenja učinkovita i odgovarajuća, DoubleVerify u konačnici pohranjuje sve Osobne podatke prikupljene preko Rješenja u SAD. Kao globalna tvrtka, imamo urede u SAD, UK, Francuskoj, Belgiji, Finskoj, Njemačkoj, Izraelu, Kanadi, Meksiku, Brazilu, Japanu, Indiji, Singapuru i Australiji. Na ovim lokacijama naši djelatnici mogu biti u potrebi pristupiti vašim Osobnim podacima da podrže naša Rješenja. Razina zaštite podataka uspostavljena na nekim od ovih lokacija, poput Sjedinjenih Država, može biti niža od one uspostavljene u Europskoj uniji ili drugim nadležnostima koje su donijele jake zakone i propise o privatnosti.
Poduzimamo mjere kako bismo osigurali da se vaši osobni podaci sigurno čuvaju kod nas, udovoljavajući regulatornim zahtjevima privatnosti i sigurnosti koji su nametnuti tvrtkama u Europskoj uniji. Također, osiguravamo da bilo koji drugi primatelj vaših Osobnih podataka nudi odgovarajuću razinu zaštite i sigurnosti, primjerice, sklapanjem odgovarajućih sporazuma s trećom stranom te, ako je nužno, standardnih ugovornih klauzula ili alternativnog mehanizma za prijenos podataka koji je odobrila Europska komisija ili drugi važeći regulator. Prakse privatnosti tvrtke DoubleVerify, opisane u ovoj Obavijesti o privatnosti,, sukladne su APEC-ovim sustavom prekograničnih pravila privatnosti (CBPR) i sustavom prepoznavanja privatnosti za izvršitelje obrade (PRP). APEC-ov CBPR sustav i APEC-ov PRP sustav pružaju okvire za organizacije kako bi se osigurala zaštita Osobnih podataka prenesenih među APEC-ovim gospodarstvima koja sudjeluju.  Više informacija o APEC okvirima možete pronaći
ovdje
. Ako imate bilo kakvih pitanja o tome gdje pohranjujemo Osobne podatke, možete nas kontaktirati kako je navedeno u odjeljku 13 „
Kako kontaktirati tvrtku DoubleVerify”
ove Globalne obavijesti o privatnosti.
Osim toga, tvrtka DoubleVerify Inc. i njezine podružnice Outrigger Media, Inc. d/b/a OpenSlate, Scibids Technology Inc., Zentrick Inc. („DoubleVerify”), pridržavaju se Okvira zaštite privatnosti podataka između SAD-EU (DPF EU-SAD), proširenja Ujedinjenog Kraljevstva na DPF EU-SAD i Okvira zaštite privatnosti podataka između Švicarske i SAD (DPF Švicarska-SAD) kako je odredilo Ministarstvo trgovine SAD-a. Tvrtka DoubleVerify potvrdila je Ministarstvu trgovine SAD-a da se pridržava Okvirnih načela o privatnosti podataka između EU-SAD-a (DPF načela EU-SAD) u svezi s obradom Osobnih podataka primljenih iz Europske unije u skladu s DPF-om između EU-SAD i iz Ujedinjenog Kraljevstva (i Gibraltara) u sklopu proširenja Ujedinjenog Kraljevstva na DPF između EU-SAD. Tvrtka DoubleVerify potvrdila je Ministarstvu trgovine SAD-a da se pridržava Okvirnih načela o privatnosti podataka između Švicarske i SAD-a (DPF načela Švicarske-SAD-a) u svezi s obradom Osobnih podataka primljenih iz Švicarske u skladu sa DPF-om između Švicarske-SAD-a.  Ako su uvjeti između ovih pravila privatnosti i DPF načela između EU-SAD-a i/ili DPF načela između Švicarske-SAD-a proturječni, moraju se primjenjivati načela.  Kako biste saznali više o programu Okvira privatnosti podataka (DPF) i pogledali našu certifikaciju, posjetite https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/.
Tvrtka DoubleVerify odgovorna je za obradu Osobnih podataka koje primi, prema DPF-u, i naknadno ih prenosi trećoj strani koja djeluje kao agent u njeno ime.  Tvrtka DoubleVerify pridržava se DPF načela za sve daljnje prijenose Osobnih podataka iz EU, UK i Švicarske, uključujući odredbe o odgovornosti za daljnji prijenos.
Savezna trgovinska komisija nadležna je za sukladnost tvrtke DoubleVerify s DPF-om između EU-SAD-a, proširenjem Ujedinjenog Kraljevstva na DPF između EU-SAD i DPF-om između Švicarske-SAD. U određenim situacijama od tvrtke DoubleVerify može se tražiti da otkrije Osobne podatke kao odgovor na zakonite zahtjeve javnih tijela, uključujući ispunjavanje zahtjeva nacionalne sigurnosti ili provedbe zakona.
U skladu s DPF-om između EU-SAD-a, proširenjem Ujedinjenog Kraljevstva na DPF između EU-SAD-a i DPF-om između Švicarske-SAD-a, DoubleVerify obvezuje se uputiti neriješene pritužbe u svezi s našim rukovanjem Osobnim podacima primljenim u skladu s DPF-om između EU-SAD-a, proširenjem Ujedinjenog Kraljevstva na DPF između EU-SAD-a i DPF-om između Švicarske-SAD-a na TRUSTe, alternativnom pružatelju usluga rješavanja sporova sa sjedištem u Sjedinjenim Državama.  Ako od nas ne primite pravovremenu potvrdu o vašoj pritužbi koja se odnosi na DPF načela ili ako na vaše zadovoljstvo nismo riješili vašu pritužbu povezanu s DPF načelima, posjetite https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request za više informacija ili za podnošenje pritužbe.  Ove usluge rješavanja sporova pružaju vam se bez troškova.
Za pritužbe u svezi sa sukladnosti s DPF-om koje nisu riješene bilo kojim drugim DPF mehanizmima, pod određenim uvjetima imate mogućnost pozvati se na obvezujuću arbitražu. Dodatne informacije možete pronaći na službenom web-mjestu DPF-a.
9. Koja su vaša prava?
Krajnji korisnici u određenim nadležnostima mogu imati prava ispitanika koja im omogućuju da podnose zahtjev u svezi s njihovim Osobnim podacima. Također, većina nadležnosti Krajnjim korisnicima daje pravo da budu informirani o tome kako se svi Osobni podaci prikupljaju, koriste i s kime mogu biti podijeljeni ili otkriveni, kao i u koje svrhe. Obavijest o privatnosti Rješenja tvrtke DoubleVerify namijenjena je ispunjavanju bilo kojih takvih zahtjeva, ali ako imate dodatnih pitanja ili želite bolje razumjeti kako vaši Osobni podaci mogu biti prikupljeni, korišteni ili s kime su podijeljeni ili objavljeni i zašto, molimo kontaktirajte nas pomoću odjeljka 13 “
Kako kontaktirati tvrtku DoubleVerify
” u nastavku.
Stanovnici Europskog gospodarskog prostora, Ujedinjenog Kraljevstva, Švicarske ili Kalifornije, između ostalog, imaju nekoliko prava prema primjenjivim zakonima i propisima o privatnosti, poput GDPR-a i CCPA. Da biste ostvarili ta prava, možete koristiti
ovaj obrazac
ili nas kontaktirati koristeći odjeljak 13 “
Kako kontaktirati tvrtku DoubleVerify
” u nastavku.  Sukladno određenim zakonima i propisima, kao što je CCPA, možete odrediti i ovlaštenog agenta da podnese zahtjev ili ostvari neko pravo u vaše ime.  Nećemo vas diskriminirati ili uzvratiti zbog ostvarivanja vaših prava.
Ta prava su sljedeća:
Pravo na pristup bilo kojim Osobnim podacima koje imamo o vama, uključujući podatke o kategorijama i određene Osobne podatke.
Pravo na ispravak svih netočnih Osobnih podataka koje imamo o vama. Imajte na umu da je zbog prirode Osobnih podataka koje prikupljamo i načina našeg prikupljanja vrlo malo vjerojatno da držimo Osobne podatke koji su netočni ili bi ispunjavali okolnosti koje zahtijevaju ispravak.
Pravo tražiti da tvrtka DoubleVerify izbriše sve Osobne podatke koje ima o vama.
Pravo zahtijevati da se obrada Osobnih podataka o vama obustavi ili ograniči, primjerice, dok procjenjujete imate li druga prava koja biste željeli ostvariti.
U mjeri u kojoj se vaši Osobni podaci obrađuju temeljem legitimnog interesa, imate pravo prigovoriti takvoj obradi.
U mjeri u kojoj se vaši Osobni podaci obrađuju na temelju vaše privole, povlačenje takve privole putem IAB Europe okvira za transparentnost i privolu.
U najvećoj mogućoj mjeri ispunjavamo svaki zahtjev koji se odnosi na Krajnjeg korisnika pod uvjetom da Krajnjeg korisnika uskladimo s Osobnim podacima koje imamo u našim sustavima. Međutim, u određenim okolnostima tražit će se od nas da potvrdimo vaš identitet kako bismo ispunili zahtjev.  Kako bismo potvrdili vaš identitet ili razumjeli opseg vašeg zahtjeva, možemo trebati zatražiti dodatne podatke o vama.  Nećete morati kreirati račun kod nas za podnošenje zahtjeva ili ispunjavanje istoga. Morat ćete navesti adresu e-pošte kako bismo mogli komunicirati s vama i podržati vaš zahtjev, kao i sve podatke koje nam možete trebati pružiti kako bismo provjerili imamo li Osobne podatke o vama.  Imajte na umu da mogu postojati okolnosti zbog kojih nećemo moći ispuniti vaš zahtjev, ali ako ne uspijemo ispuniti vaš zahtjev, objasnit ćemo zašto.  Ukoliko ne posjedujemo nikakve Osobne podatke o vama, obavijestit ćemo vas. Ulažemo sve napore da odgovorimo na sve upite i zahtjeve što je prije moguće, ali sačekajte do trideset (30) dana da odgovorimo.
U mjeri u kojoj tvrtka DoubleVerify djeluje kao „voditelj obrade”, „izvršitelj obrade” ili „pružatelj usluga”, kako je definirano mjerodavnim zakonom, možete trebati uputiti svoje zahtjeve za ostvarivanje svojih prava relevantnom Klijentu koji služi kao „voditelj obrade” ili „poduzeće”.
10. Dodatna otkrivanja podataka
Određeni zakoni i propisi o privatnosti, poput CCPA, zahtijevaju od tvrtki da otkriju prodaju li Osobne podatke.  DoubleVerify ne otkriva Osobne podatke na način koji bi predstavljao „prodaju” ili „dijeljenje”  prema zakonima Kalifornije, Virginije, Nevade ili sličnim zakonima.
11. Koristi li DoubleVerify umjetnu inteligenciju?
DoubleVerify koristi umjetnu inteligenciju („UI“) u različitim kapacitetima i načinima u cijeloj organizaciji. Iako tvrtka DoubleVerify koristi UI tehnologije, ne sudjelujemo u „automatiziranom donošenju odluka” kako je definirano važećim zakonima i propisima o privatnosti.
12. Mjerodavni zakon
U mjeri u kojoj je primjenjivo i dopušteno važećim zakonima i propisima, ova Obavijest o privatnosti rješenja uređuje se i tumači sukladno unutarnjim zakonima savezne države Delaware, a nadležnost i mjesto za bilo koji spor bit će u saveznoj državi Delaware.
13. Ažuriramo li ovu Obavijest o privatnosti rješenja?
Ovu Obavijest o privatnosti rješenja možemo ažurirati s vremena na vrijeme kako bi obuhvaćala promjene u našim Rješenjima, praksama, pravilima ili drugim unutarnjim ili vanjskim promjenama, kao i sukladno s novim zakonskim zahtjevima. Sve promjene bit će objavljene čim stupe na snagu.  Ako izvršimo aktualizaciju, aktualizirat ćemo „datum stupanja na snagu” naveden na vrhu ove Obavijesti o privatnosti rješenja kako bismo vam pomogli da razumijete kada su izvršene promjene.  Da biste bili informirani o takvim ažuriranjima, preporučamo vam da redovito pregledavate ovu Obavijest o privatnosti rješenja.   Imajte na umu da je svaki prijevod ove Obavijesti o privatnosti rješenja namijenjen samo za olakšavanje vašega pristupa tim informacijama.  Inačica na engleskom jeziku jedina je službena verzija ove Obavijesti o privatnosti rješenja, a sve netočnosti ili neslaganja u prijevodu nisu obvezujuće i nemaju pravni učinak u svrhu sukladnosti ili provedbe.
14. Kako možete kontaktirati tvrtku DoubleVerify?
Ako imate bilo kakvih pitanja, nedoumica ili komentara u svezi s ovom Obavijesti o privatnosti rješenja ili ako smatrate da su vaši Osobni podaci korišteni na način koji nije sukladan Obavijesti o privatnosti ili vašim odabirima, možete kontaktirati naš Tim za privatnost na adresu:
Privacy Officer / Data Protection Officer (Privacy Team) Contact Information (Službenik za privatnost / Službenik za zaštitu podataka (tim za privatnost) Kontakt podaci)
DoubleVerify Inc.
462 Broadway
New York, NY 10013
privacy-policy@doubleverify.com
Ako imate neriješeno pitanje koje vas zabrinjava u svezi s privatnošću ili uporabom podataka koje nismo riješili na zadovoljavajući način, obratite se našem pružatelju usluga treće strane za rješavanje sporova sa sjedištem u SAD (besplatno) na
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
. Predani smo tomu da pošteno rješavamo bilo koje žalbe ili nedoumice koju imate zbog vaše privatnosti ili ove Obavijesti o privatnosti rješenja.  Međutim, ako smatrate da vam nismo uspjeli pomoći, ništa u ovoj Obavijesti o privatnosti rješenja ne ograničava ili pokušava ograničiti vaša prava prema važećim zakonima, uključujući vašu sposobnost, ovisno o državi prebivališta, da podnesete žalbu lokalnim organu za zaštitu podataka ili drugoj agenciji nadležnoj za pitanja u svezi s privatnošću.
Datum účinnosti: 28. června 2024
Přehled
Společnost DoubleVerify, Inc. je spolu se svými globálními dceřinými společnostmi (společně „
DoubleVerify
“, „
my
“,
nás
“ nebo „
náš
“) lídrem ve svém oboru zajišťujícím transparentnost a odpovědnost v reklamách na internetu. DoubleVerify používá ke shromažďování informací o reklamách na internetu, provozu webových stránek, mobilních aplikací a připojených zařízení různé technologie, za účelem poskytování transparentních a odpovědných produktů a řešení (společně „
řešení
“). Toto oznámení o ochraně osobních údajů (dále jen „
oznámení o ochraně osobních údajů
v rámci řešení
“) vysvětluje, kdo jsme, jak shromažďujeme, používáme a sdílíme osobní údaje prostřednictvím našich řešení a jak můžete uplatnit svá práva na ochranu osobních údajů.
Pokud chcete získat více informací o tom, jak společnost DoubleVerify zpracovává osobní údaje shromážděné na našich veřejně přístupných webových stránkách, navštivte prosím naše
oznámení o ochraně osobních údajů týkající se webových stránek a marketingu.
Pokud používáte řešení společnosti DoubleVerify a chcete získat více informací o tom, jak společnost DoubleVerify zpracovává osobní údaje shromážděné prostřednictvím našich nástrojů pro podávání zpráv, navštivte prosím naše
oznámení o ochraně osobních údajů v souvislosti s nástroji pro podávání zpráv.
Rychlé odkazy
Doporučujeme vám, abyste si toto oznámení o ochraně osobních údajů v rámci řešení přečetli celé a měli tak kompletní informace. Abychom vám však usnadnili vyhledání a kontrolu konkrétních částí tohoto oznámení o ochraně osobních údajů v rámci řešení, rozdělíme je do následujících částí:
Kdo je společnost DoubleVerify?
Jaké je naše postavení, cíl a právní základ zpracování?
Jaké údaje shromažďujeme a k jakým účelům?
Jak používáme údaje, které shromažďujeme?
Jak a komu údaje zpřístupňujeme?
Jak dlouho osobní údaje uchováváme?
Jak jsou osobní údaje zabezpečeny?
Jak jsou osobní údaje předávány do zahraničí?
Jaká máte práva?
Další zveřejňování
Používá společnost DoubleVerify umělou inteligenci?
Rozhodné právo
Aktualizujeme toto oznámení o ochraně osobních údajů v rámci řešení?
Jak kontaktovat společnost DoubleVerify?
1. Kdo je společnost DoubleVerify?
Akreditované platformy společnosti DoubleVerify provádějí nezávislá měření digitálních médií, dat a analyzují dodávky zobrazování inzerátů (neboli „reklam“) a provozu na webu, aby pomohly inzerentům, agenturám a prodejcům (společně dále jen „
zákazníci
“) potvrdit přesné charakteristiky dodávky, včetně metrik bezpečnosti a viditelnosti značky, parametrů prostředí a kontextu (například web, na kterém se reklama zobrazuje a kde se na webové stránce zobrazuje), charakteristiky zobrazení reklam a kvality provozu webových stránek a poskytuje informace, díky kterým naši zákazníci činí informovaná rozhodnutí o umístění svých kreativit a značek.
Věříme v poskytování pevné ochrany soukromí každému jednotlivci, jehož informace jakéhokoli obsahu můžeme zpracovávat – protože věříme, že právo na soukromí je základním právem, nikoli něčím, co závisí na místě vašeho bydliště. Abychom tuto zásadu naplnili, zacházíme s jakýmikoli údaji, které se vztahují k identifikované či identifikovatelné osobě nebo jsou s ní spojeny, jako s „osobními údaji“, bez ohledu na lokalitu dané osoby. Pokud jde o naše Řešení, společnost DoubleVerify omezuje veškeré informace, které shromažďujeme, a které neumožní identifikaci jednotlivce bez dalších údajů. Společnost DoubleVerify například zpracovává vaši adresu internetového protokolu (tzv. „IP adresa“), což je číslo, které je automaticky přiřazeno počítači, na kterém používáte internet. Přestože společnost DoubleVerify s těmito informacemi nakládá jako s osobními údaji v souladu s osvědčenými postupy a platnými právními předpisy, nikdy je nekombinujeme s žádnými dalšími údaji, které by nám umožnili identifikovat osobu, které se to týká.
Toto oznámení o ochraně osobních údajů v rámci řešení má informovat jednotlivce, jejichž údaje mohou být zpracovány prostřednictvím našich řešení (dále jen „
konečný(í) uživatel(é)
“ nebo „
vy
“ nebo „
váš
“): (1) o typech informací, které může společnost DoubleVerify shromažďovat o vás nebo o vašem zařízení, když vám doručujeme námi analyzovanou reklamu na web, který si prohlížíte nebo do aplikace, kterou používáte, (2) o našich postupech v oblasti ochrany osobních údajů, o tom, jak můžeme používat, sdílet a jinak zpracovávat údaje, které jsou považovány za osobní údaje a (3) o  tom, jaká jsou vaše práva v souvislosti s těmito osobními údaji. Toto oznámení o ochraně osobních údajů v rámci Řešení také vysvětluje, jaké neosobní informace (dále jen „
technické informace
“) shromažďujeme o reklamách, které sledujeme a jak tyto technické informace používáme k uplatnění našich Řešení.
2. Jaké je naše postavení, cíl a právní základ zpracování?
Řešení společnosti DoubleVerify pro odhalování podvodů a jejich eliminaci (dále jen „
eliminace podvodů
“) a ověření geografické shody (dále jen „
geografické ověření
“) vyžadují zpracování osobních údajů. S výjimkou výjimečných okolností uvedených níže, provozuje společnost DoubleVerify s ohledem na zákony a předpisy, jako je obecné nařízení o ochraně osobních údajů („
GDPR
“), eliminaci podvodů v roli „správce“ a geografické ověření v roli „zpracovatele“. S ohledem na kalifornský zákon o ochraně soukromí spotřebitelů (dále jen „
CCPA
“) a další regulační rámce vládních orgánů USA se naše označení může lišit v závislosti na konkrétním vztahu s každým jednotlivým zákazníkem. Vzhledem k tomu, že osobní údaje, které zpracováváme, jsou shromažďovány naší technologií a „zpřístupněny“ našimi zákazníky, obecně působíme jako „dodavatel“ podle CCPA nebo jako „zpracovatel“ podle jiných státních zákonů a regulačních rámců USA.  Bez ohledu na výše uvedené a za omezených okolností, kdy jsou osobní údaje sdíleny se společností DoubleVerify prostřednictvím na míru určených propojení a jiných nestandartních prostředků, například, když takové osobní údaje shromažďuje a poskytuje klient pro analýzu společnosti DoubleVerify, můžeme být považováni za „zpracovatele“ nebo „poskytovatele služeb“ podle CCPA.  Tento scénář je nejčastější v našich partnerstvích se zákazníky sociálních médií a dalšími zákazníky, kteří provozují proprietární prostředí, často označované jako „opevněné zahrady“.
S výjimkou eliminace podvodů, včetně případů, kdy je to nutné ke kvalifikaci dojmů podle standardních postupů v oboru (např. směrnice rady pro hodnocení médií) a geografického ověření, nevyžadují další řešení společnosti DoubleVerify (jako je viditelnost, bezpečnost značky a vhodnost) zpracování osobních údajů. Existují však okolnosti, jako jsou případy, kdy můžeme tato Řešení poskytnout našim zákazníkům, kteří provozují „opevněné zahrady“, kdy tito zákazníci v roli správců mohou vyžadovat, aby společnost DoubleVerify zpracovala další osobní údaje koncových uživatelů nebo osob, které vytvářejí účty a obsah v prostředí zákazníka. V každém takovém scénáři je třeba určit, jaké osobní údaje budou zpracovávat zákazníci, kteří v roli správců rovněž podle svého uvážení určují právní základ zpracování těchto osobních údajů. Další informace o postupech ochrany osobních údajů těchto zákazníků, zpracovávaných osobních údajích a platných právních základech zpracování naleznete v příslušném, platném oznámení nebo prohlášení o ochraně osobních údajů zákazníka. Pokud kontaktujete společnost DoubleVerify s dotazem na tyto programy, můžeme vám poskytnout základní informace o práci, kterou vykonáváme pro tyto zákazníky, ale nemůžeme vám doporučit kontaktovat jednotlivé zákazníky, ani si prostudovat dokumentaci o ochraně osobních údajů, kterou zpřístupňují na svých stránkách.
Ve vztahu k právním předpisům, jako je GDPR, je právním základem společnosti DoubleVerify pro zpracování osobních údajů prostřednictvím našich řešení oprávněný zájem: (i) našich zákazníků, abychom zabránili podvodům v oblasti reklamy a poskytli geograficky přesné a vyhovující informace koncovým uživatelům a (ii) zpřístupnit široké veřejnosti nepřetržitý přístup k bezplatnému internetu.
Společnost DoubleVerify se účastní Rámce IAB pro transparentnost a souhlas (TCFv2.2 – ID dodavatele 126) a jako základ pro shromažďování údajů využíváme oprávněný zájem pro následující účely:
Zajištění bezpečnosti, prevence a odhalování podvodů a oprava chyb (zvláštní účel 1)
Poskytování a prezentace reklamy a obsahu (zvláštní účel 2)
Možnosti ukládání a sdělování v oblasti ochrany osobních údajů (zvláštní účel 3)
Měření výkonu reklamy (účel 7)
Rozvoj a zlepšování služeb (účel 10)
Ve výjimečných případech může subjekt odpovědný za rámec IAB Europe pro transparentnost a souhlas v majetku, kde společnost DoubleVerify Solutions působí, podřídit naše geografické ověření souhlasu. V těchto velmi výjimečných případech se souhlas vztahuje na:
Použití omezených údajů k výběru reklamy (účel 2)
Měření výkonu reklamy (účel 7)
Rozvoj a zlepšování služeb (účel 10)
3. Jaké údaje shromažďujeme a k jakým účelům?
Společnost DoubleVerify shromažďuje a používá určité kategorie osobních údajů a technických informací k tomu, aby splnila obchodní účely při poskytování, udržování a zlepšování svých Řešení. Níže jsou uvedeny kategorie osobních údajů a technických informací, které společnost DoubleVerify zpracovává prostřednictvím svých Řešení. Jsou-li osobní údaje vyžadovány k provozování jedné nebo více funkcí Řešení DoubleVerify a pokud zákon nevyžaduje jinak, budou tyto osobní údaje použity pouze pro níže uvedené konkrétní účely.  Kromě toho může být za určitých okolností nutné zpracovávat osobní údaje ve spojení s některými technickými informacemi, aby Řešení společnosti DoubleVerify fungovala správně. V takovém případě jsou kombinované údaje považovány za osobní údaje a jsou odpovídajícím způsobem chráněny. Osobní údaje a technické informace, které zpracováváme, nikdy nekombinujeme, neanalyzujeme ani neobohacujeme o jiné další informace, s cílem identifikovat koncové uživatele. Nikdy nesledujeme vás ani váš čas strávený u online aktivit napříč aplikacemi a weby, nespoléháme se na trvalé technologie, jako jsou soubory cookie třetích stran a nikdy nevytváříme profily ani skupiny publika pro výběr jednotlivců.
Kategorie technických informací shromážděných a použitých k uplatnění Řešení společnosti DoubleVerify:
atributy reklamních kampaní – identifikátor inzerenta, který poskytuje nějakou reklamu, identifikátory její kampaně a umístění, identifikátory mediálního vlastníka, který prodává inzerentovi inventář nebo jakékoli zprostředkovatelské reklamní platformy jsou shromažďovány a zpracovávány za účelem identifikace zákazníka, kterému poskytujeme služby, abychom podle těchto identifikátorů správně vyčlenili a rozdělili jeho zprávy a vyúčtovali.
atributy webového obsahu – webová adresa (URL) stránky/okna, na kterou je reklama doručena a adresa všech odkazujících stránek/oken jsou shromažďovány k zajištění dodávky reklam ve správném kontextu, který náš zákazník uvedl při nastavení svého profilu v našem systému.
atributy mobilní aplikace – název mobilní aplikace, identifikátor mobilní aplikace, obchod s aplikacemi, autor aplikace, hvězdičkové hodnocení aplikace, hodnocení aplikace podle věkových skupin a další veřejně dostupné informace o mobilní aplikaci, na kterou je doručena reklama. Tyto informace se používají k zajištění toho, aby reklamy byly doručeny ve správném kontextu, který náš zákazník uvedl při nastavení svého profilu v našem systému.
atributy digitálního prostředí – typ připojeného zařízení, na které byla reklama doručena: mobil, stolní počítač, připojená televize nebo jiné zařízení, typ a verze prohlížeče použitého k zobrazení reklamy na webu a operační systém se shromažďují za účelem určit, která verze našeho kódu se v daném prostředí správně spustí a za účelem měření, zda by reklama mohla být viditelná na obrazovce podle oborových standardů, které se v různých prostředích liší.
Atributy viditelnosti – umístění reklamy na stránce, velikost reklamy, velikost obrazovky, velikost okna, stav zaměření záložky, stav zaměření prohlížeče, doba trvání viditelnosti reklamy na webové stránce a poloha posouvání webové stránky se shromažďují z toho důvodu, abychom zjistili a informovali naše zákazníky o tom, zda reklama má šanci být na obrazovce viditelná.
atributy odhalování a zapojení – údaje, které ukazují, zda na reklamu bylo kliknuto, přejeto prstem, klepnuto nebo zda se jí někdo dotknul, zda byla přeskočena, ztlumena, přerušena, otočena, nebo zda byla změněna její velikost se shromažďují, aby pomohli našim zákazníkům měřit výkon reklamy, reklamní kampaně nebo mediálního majetku.
Kategorie údajů shromážděných a použitých pro uplatnění eliminace podvodů:
identifikátory pseudonymní elektronické přítomnosti a zařízení – tj. IP adresa, řetězec uživatelských agentů nebo deriváty těchto dvou hodnot – používají se k posouzení, zda je online přítomnost nebo zařízení spojeno s podvodným schématem.
Kategorie údajů, které jsou shromažďovány a použity k uplatnění geografického ověření:
identifikátory pseudonymní elektronické přítomnosti a zařízení – IP adresa – shromažďují se za účelem určení geografické polohy, se kterou souvisí. Každá IP adresa je spojena s nějakou zemí a v rámci Spojených států může být spojena s dalšími specifickými údaji, jako je PSČ. Vaše přesné geolokační údaje se nikdy neshromažďují.
Za omezených okolností mohou někteří ze zákazníků společnosti, například zákazníci, kteří vystupují jako „opevněná zahrada / opevněné zahrady“, požádat společnost DoubleVerify, aby zpracovávala další osobní údaje k použití svých Řešení. Takové další osobní údaje se mohou týkat koncových uživatelů, jednotlivců, kteří si v rámci těchto „opevněných zahrad“ vytvářejí účty, nebo osob, které vytvářejí obsah, který je v těchto „opevněných zahradách“ publikován. V rozsahu, v jakém je společnost DoubleVerify některým ze svých zákazníků, kteří vystupují jako „opevněné zahrady“, požádána, aby zpracovala další osobní údaje a tím umožnila určitá Řešení, zpracuje tyto osobní údaje výhradně za účelem plnění svých závazků vůči zákazníkovy a striktně v souladu s jeho pokyny, jak je to nezbytné k provozu, údržbě a případně k vylepšení těchto Řešení. S těmito zákazníky pečlivě spolupracujeme, abychom zajistili, že zpracování osobních údajů je omezené pouze na ty osobní údaje, které jsou nezbytné k dosažení těchto účelů. Za určitých omezených okolností může naše interakce s „opevněnými zahradami“ vést k náhodnému přijetí osobních údajů. Společnost DoubleVerify důkladně pracuje na monitorování takových případů, aby zajistila, že tyto osobní údaje nebudou po přijetí nijak zpracovány, s výjimkou jejich bezpečného odstranění z našich systémů. Vzhledem k tomu, že v těchto scénářích jsou konkrétní kategorie osobních údajů závislé na vlastní integraci a rozhodnutích zákazníka a liší se u jednotlivých zákazníků, doporučujeme, v případě dalších pochybností, kontaktovat jednotlivého zákazníka nebo prostudovat dokumentaci o ochraně osobních údajů, kterou zpřístupňují na svých stránkách.
Řešení se nezaměřují ani nejsou určena na zpracování osobních údajů dětí. Vědomě neshromažďujeme osobní údaje dětí, jak je tento pojem čas od času definován platnými zákony. Jste-li rodič nebo zákonný zástupce a domníváte se, že osobní údaje vašeho dítěte mohli být zpracovány v rámci Řešení, kontaktujte nás prosím použitím údajů uvedených níže v části 13 s názvem „
Jak kontaktovat společnost DoubleVerify
“ a my podnikneme příslušné kroky k tomu, abychom tyto osobní údaje z našich systémů odstranili.
4. Jak používáme údaje, které shromažďujeme?
DoubleVerify používá shromážděné technické informace a osobní údaje pouze k účelům uvedeným v části 3 tohoto oznámení o ochraně osobních údajů, nazvané „
Jaké údaje shromažďujeme a pro jaké účely?
“. Obecně jsou technické informace a vaše osobní údaje jsou zpracovány tak, aby našim zákazníkům poskytovali přehledy, řídící panely, zpětnou vazbu a postřehy (dále jen „
podávání zpráv
“). Jakékoli podané zprávy DV formátu jsou anonymizovány a poskytovány jako celek nebo jsou-li vyžadovány informace zobrazení, je každé zobrazení odstraněno tak, aby bylo zajištěno, že osobní údaje koncového zákazníka nebudou nikdy sdíleny se zákazníky. Bez ohledu na výše uvedené mohou hlášení sestavená pro zákazníky, kteří vystupují jako „opevněné zahrady” (například společnosti provozující sociální média), a další zákazníky, kteří se na taková hlášení spoléhají (například společnosti, které inzerují na kanálech sociálních médií), zahrnovat informace o osobách, které si v rámci těchto „opevněných zahrad” vytvářejí účty, nebo o osobách vytvářejících obsah, který je v těchto prostředích „opevněných zahrad” zveřejňován. Tato část poskytuje další informace o tom, jak jsou technické informace a vaše osobní údaje zpracovávány k dosažení obchodních účelů uvedených v části 3 tohoto oznámení o ochraně osobních údajů v rámci Řešení.
Společnost DoubleVerify používá technické informace shromážděné v rámci Řešení, jak je uvedeno v části 3.1 následujícími způsoby:
analyzovat a podávat zprávy o kontextu, ve kterém se reklamy zobrazují, jejich kvalita, autentičnost a provedení. Konkrétně tyto informace názorně ukazují, zda zobrazená reklama splňuje předem stanovené právní a lokalizační požadavky zákazníka a také nastavení předvoleb, které si v našem systému vytvořil.
poskytovat náhledy a preventivně rozhodovat o příležitostech zobrazení. Technologie společnosti DoubleVerify analyzují datové charakteristiky příležitostí zobrazení a určují, zda by se měla zobrazovat reklama zákazníka či nikoli, například proto, že obsah okolí neodpovídá značce a preferencím daného zákazníka.
Společnost DoubleVerify používá technické informace a osobní údaje shromážděné v rámci Řešení k eliminaci podvodů, jak je uvedeno v části 3.1 a 3.2 k následujícím účelům:
kontrolovat a identifikovat konkrétní podvodné zobrazení reklamy, protože je vytvořili prohlížeče ovládané roboty.
posuzovat a identifikovat neplatný provoz, jako je provoz vyvolaný reklamními injektory, provoz pocházející z datových center, zkreslený provoz, napodobovaný provoz a jiný neplatný provoz.
analyzovat a identifikovat weby aplikací pro mobilní a připojená zařízení a mediální vlastnictví s podvodným provozem a/nebo ty, které generují podvodná reklamní zobrazení.
identifikovat provoz napříč weby, který je zapojen do podvodných reklamních aktivit.
rozlišovat mezi provozem vytvořeným prohlížeči ovládanými lidskými bytostmi a prohlížeči ovládanými roboty.
zjistit, zda analyzované reklamy splňují platné právní požadavky a preference, které si náš zákazník stanovil.
zjistit, zda se middleware pokouší zkreslit své provozní charakteristiky, aby zabránil identifikaci podvodného nebo jiného neplatného provozu.
zjistit, zda provoz webu nebo zobrazení reklam pochází spíše ze serverové farmy, než z aktivity prohlížení vytvořenou lidskými bytostmi.
Zjistit, zda je provoz vyvolán podvodnými aktivitami nebo jinými aktivitami vyvolávajícími provoz, který není v souladu s pokyny nebo preferencemi klienta.
Vytvořit záznamy o IP adresách a řetězcích uživatelských agentů ve spojení s podvodnými schématy a provozem, který byl vytvořen bez zásahu člověka (dále jen „podvodné tabulky“). Vzhledem k tomu, že takové datové body nejsou spojeny se zásahem člověka, nepředstavují osobní údaje.
Společnost DoubleVerify používá technické informace a osobní údaje shromážděné v rámci Řešení ke geografickému ověření, jak je uvedeno v části 3.3 k následujícímu účelu:
podrobnému posouzení (země, stát, region nebo u obyvatel USA, PSČ) geografického umístění koncového uživatele a k ověření, zda sídlo koncového uživatele bylo určeno v rámci kampaně zákazníků nebo c rámci nastavení provozu.
V rozsahu, v jakém je společnost DoubleVerify některým ze svých zákazníků, kteří vystupují jako „opevněné zahrady“, požádána, aby zpracovala další osobní údaje a tím umožnila určitá Řešení, zpracuje tyto osobní údaje výhradně za účelem plnění svých závazků vůči zákazníkovy a striktně v souladu s jeho pokyny, jak je to nezbytné k provozu, údržbě a případně k vylepšení těchto Řešení. Pokud máte nějaké dotazy, doporučujeme vám kontaktovat jednotlivého zákazníka nebo si prostudovat dokumentaci o ochraně osobních údajů, kterou zpřístupňují na svých stránkách.
5. Jak a komu údaje zpřístupňujeme?
Společnost DoubleVerify neposkytuje osobní údaje žádným třetím stranám, s výjimkou případů, kdy je to v rámci našich obchodních účelů nezbytné k provozu, údržbu a zlepšení našich Řešení. V rozsahu, v jakém dobrovolně sdílíme jakékoli osobní údaje, zajišťujeme, aby je příjemci chránili způsobem, který je v souladu s našimi vlastními zásadami a standarty.
Osobní údaje můžeme sdílet s:
poskytovateli služeb – společnosti, se kterými jsme uzavřeli smlouvu k poskytování služeb, jako je správa IT a systému, infrastruktura a pořádání akcí, výzkum, analýza, zajištění podpory a kvality, zabezpečení a další služby, pro účely výše uvedených právních základů a v souladu s nimi. Chcete-li nás požádat o seznam poskytovatelů služeb a o to, jaké osobní údaje přijímají a pro jaké účely, kontaktujte nás. Kontaktní informace najdete v části 13 nazvané „
Jak kontaktovat společnost DoubleVerify
“ tohoto oznámení o ochraně osobních údajů v rámci Řešení.
přidruženými společnostmi – jako je mateřská společnost, sesterské společnosti, dceřiné společnosti, společné podniky nebo jiné společnosti v rámci jednotné kontroly, a to v rozsahu nezbytném pro provoz, údržbu a zlepšování Řešení. Chcete-li nás požádat o seznam přidružených společností, a o to, jaké osobní údaje přijímají a pro jaké účely, kontaktujte nás. Kontaktní informace najdete v části 13 nazvané „
Jak kontaktovat společnost DoubleVerify
“ tohoto oznámení o ochraně osobních údajů v rámci Řešení.
třetím stranám, které si najali naši zákazníci – na podporu našich zákazníků můžeme naše Řešení propojit s jinými nástroji a službami, které si jednotliví zákazníci najali a využívají je k poskytování služeb a podávání zpráv. Za žádných okolností nepřijímáme údaje z těchto propojení, které by umožnily společnosti DoubleVerify obohatit své údaje a identifikovat koncového uživatele. V určitých omezených případech můžeme sdílet údaje o úrovni zobrazení se společnostmi, které naši zákazníci využívají k provádění výzkumu týkající se efektivity marketingu. Za omezených okolností nám zákazníci mohou dát pokyn, abychom sdíleli určité osobní údaje potřebné pro umožnění funkčnosti produktu nebo služby, který společnost DoubleVerify nespravuje.
třetím stranám zapojeným do podnikové transakce – v případě, kdy jiná společnost získá společnost DoubleVerify nebo se s ní sloučí nebo v případě reorganizace, zániku organizace nebo jiné zásadní podnikové změny.
V následujících případech můžeme být ze zákona povinni zveřejnit vaše osobní údaje:
(a) pokud takové zpřístupnění vyžaduje orgán státní moci, soudní, donucovací nebo regulační orgán (například jako součást probíhajícího vyšetřování, předvolání, obdobného soudního procesu nebo řízení);
(b) pokud takové zpřístupnění vyžadují jiné platné zákony, nařízení nebo právní předpisy; a
(c) pokud se v dobré víře domníváme, že je takové zpřístupnění nezbytné k ochraně nebo obhajobě našich práv nebo práv někoho jiného a můžeme tak pomoci při vyšetřování nezákonných aktivit a jejich předcházení.
Zprávy související s podvodnými tabulkami a jinými aktivitami eliminace podvodů, zdroje údajů, rozhraní API a řídící panely související s eliminací podvodů, které neobsahují osobní údaje, mohou být sdíleny nebo zpřístupněny zákazníkům a jiným třetím stranám, včetně například organizací v rámci odvětví, aby společnost DoubleVerify mohla podle potřeby vykonávat svoji obchodní aktivitu provozu, udržení a zlepšení části eliminace podvodů v rámci našich Řešení a boje proti podvodům v reklamách.
S našimi zákazníky nesdílíme žádné vaše osobní údaje. Veškeré zprávy a analýzy, které poskytujeme našim zákazníkům prostřednictvím našeho portálu, jsou anonymní, což znamená, že neobsahují žádné osobní údaje. Zprávy jsou obecně podávány jako celek, ale za určitých omezených okolností se našim zákazníkům poskytují zprávy o úrovni zobrazení prostřednictvím koncových bodů FTP nebo API, pokud takové zprávy neobsahují žádné osobní údaje. Považujeme-li to za nezbytné k uskutečnění našich obchodních účelů v rámci poskytování, udržení a zlepšování Řešení, můžeme s třetími stranami sdílet technické informace, které jsou anonymní v souhrnných formátech nebo v nezpracovaném formátu. Kromě toho můžeme v rámci našeho běžného podnikání sdílet anonymní nebo neidentifikované údaje; například pro účely publikace případných studií a zpráv, které ukazují trendy o výhodách a výkonu našich Řešení.
Aby se předešlo pochybnostem, nezpřístupňuje společnost DoubleVerify osobní údaje subjektům, které působí jako „podnik“ nebo „třetí strana“ podle zákonů, jako je CCPA.
6. Jak dlouho osobní údaje uchováváme?
Společnost DoubleVerify uchovává jakékoli osobní údaje zpracované prostřednictvím svých Řešení pouze tak dlouho, jak je to nezbytné pro splnění účelů uvedených v těchto zásadách o ochraně osobních údajů v rámci Řešení a v žádném případě ne déle než čtyřicet pět (45) dní. Po uplynutí této doby budou veškeré osobní údaje ze systémů společnosti DoubleVerify bezpečně odstraněny.
Tabulky podvodů lze uchovávat na dobu neurčitou, aby byla zajištěna správná funkčnost Řešení pro eliminaci podvodů.
Vzhledem k tomu, že technické informace jsou anonymní, může si je společnost DoubleVerify ponechat na dobu neurčitou nebo tak dlouho, jak je uvedeno v zásadách společnosti DoubleVerify a v souladu s platnými zákony a smlouvami, které společnost DoubleVerify uzavřela se svými zákazníky.
7. Jak jsou osobní údaje zabezpečeny?
Společnost DoubleVerify zavedla vhodná technická, fyzická a organizační opatření určené k ochraně veškerých osobních údajů před náhodným nebo nezákonným zničením nebo náhodnou ztrátou, poškozením, pozměněním, neoprávněným zpřístupněním nebo přístupem, jakož i všemi dalšími formami nezákonného zpracování. I když se řídíme obecně přijímanými standarty a osvědčenými postupy k ochraně osobních údajů, žádný způsob ukládání nebo přenosu není stoprocentně bezpečný. Neustále však pracujeme na zlepšování našich záruk a udržujeme vaše osobní údaje bezpečné.
8. Jak jsou osobní údaje předávány do zahraničí?
Vezměte prosím na vědomí, že osobní údaje, které shromažďujeme, mohou být předávány a udržovány na serverech nebo databázích mimo vaši zemi, okres, stát nebo jinou jurisdikci. I když mohou být vaše osobní údaje přenášeny prostřednictvím místního dočasného datového centra, aby byla zajištěna účinnost a odezva Řešení, ukládá společnost DoubleVerify všechny osobní údaje shromážděné prostřednictvím svých Řešení ve Spojených státech. Jako globální společnost máme úřady se sídlem ve Spojených státech, Spojeném království, Francii, Belgii, Finsku, Německu, Izraeli, Kanadě, Mexiku, Brazílii, Japonsku, Indii, Singapuru a Austrálii. Naši zaměstnanci v těchto lokalitách mohou být požádání o přístup k vašim osobním údajům, aby podpořili naše Řešení. Úroveň ochrany údajů stanovená v některých z těchto lokalit, jako např. ve Spojených státech, může být nižší než úroveň v Evropské unii nebo v jiných jurisdikcích, které přijaly přísné zákony a regulační předpisy na ochranu osobních údajů.
V souladu s požadavky na ochranu soukromí a zabezpečení, které byly uloženy podnikatelským firmám v Evropské unii, podnikáme všechny možné kroky, abychom zajistili bezpečné uložení vašich osobních údajů v naší společnosti. Rovněž zajišťujeme, aby jakýkoli jiný příjemce vašich osobních údajů nabízel odpovídající úroveň ochrany a zabezpečení, například uzavřením příslušných vzájemných dohod a v případě potřeby, standartních smluvních doložek nebo jiných podobných mechanismů pro přenos údajů schválených Evropskou komisí nebo jiným příslušným regulačním orgánem.  Postupy společnosti DoubleVerify na ochranu osobních údajů popsané v tomto oznámení o ochraně osobních údajů splňují pravidla systému Asijsko-pacifického hospodářského společenství (dále jen zkr. APEC) pro přeshraniční ochranu soukromí (dále jen zkr. CBDR) a rozpoznání soukromí pro zpracovatele (dále jen zkr. PRP). Systémy APEC CBPR a APEC PRP poskytují organizacím struktury zajišťující ochranu osobních údajů přenášených mezi účastníky společenství APEC. Více informací o strukturách Asijsko-pacifického hospodářského společenství (APEC), naleznete
zde
. Máte-li jakékoli dotazy ohledně toho, kde ukládáme osobní údaje, můžete nás kontaktovat způsoby, které jsou popsány v části 13 tohoto globálního oznámení o ochraně osobních údajů s názvem „
Jak kontaktovat společnost DoubleVerify
“.
Kromě toho společnost DoubleVerify Inc. a její dceřiné společnosti Outrigger Media, Inc. d/b/a OpenSlate, Scibids Technology Inc., Zentrick Inc. („DoubleVerify“), dodržují evropsko-americký rámec ochrany osobních údajů (EU-USA DPF), rozšíření EU-USA DPF o Spojené království a švýcarsko-americký rámec ochrany osobních údajů (švýcarsko-americký DPF), jak je stanoveno americkým ministerstvem obchodu. Společnost DoubleVerify potvrdila americkému ministerstvu obchodu, že dodržuje principy evropsko-amerického rámce ochrany osobních údajů (principy EU-USA DPF) v souvislosti se zpracováním osobních údajů získaných z Evropské unie na základě EU-USA DPF a ze Spojeného království (a Gibraltaru) podle rozšíření EU-USA DPF pro Spojené království. Společnost DoubleVerify potvrdila Ministerstvu obchodu USA, že dodržuje principy švýcarsko-amerického rámce ochrany osobních údajů (principy švýcarsko-amerického DPF) v souvislosti se zpracováním osobních údajů získaných ze Švýcarska na základě švýcarsko-amerického DPF.  V případě rozporu mezi podmínkami v těchto zásadách ochrany osobních údajů a evropsko-americkými a/nebo švýcarsko-americkými principy DPF, mají principy přednost.  Chcete-li se dozvědět více o programu rámce ochrany osobních údajů (DPF) a zobrazit naši certifikaci, navštivte prosím stránky https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/.
Společnost DoubleVerify je odpovědná za zpracování osobních údajů, které obdrží v rámci DPF, a následně je předá třetí straně jednající jejím jménem jako zástupce.  Společnost DoubleVerify dodržuje principy DPF při všech dalších předáváních osobních údajů z EU, Spojeného království a Švýcarska, včetně ustanovení o odpovědnosti za další předávání.
Federální obchodní komise má pravomoc nad dodržováním evropsko-amerického DPF, rozšířením evropsko-amerického DPF pro Spojené království a švýcarsko-amerického DPF společnosti DoubleVerify. V určitých situacích může být požadováno, aby společnost DoubleVerify zveřejnila osobní údaje v reakci na zákonné požadavky veřejných orgánů, včetně splnění požadavků na národní bezpečnost nebo vymáhání práva.
V souladu s evropsko-americkým DPF, rozšířením EU-USA DPF pro Spojené království a švýcarsko-americkým DPF se společnost DoubleVerify zavazuje předložit nevyřešené stížnosti týkající se našeho nakládání s osobními údaji, které obdržíme na základě evropsko-amerického DPF, rozšíření evropsko-amerického DPF pro Spojené království a švýcarsko-amerického DPF společnosti TRUSTe, alternativnímu poskytovateli řešení sporů se sídlem ve Spojených státech.  Pokud od nás neobdržíte včasné potvrzení své stížnosti týkající se principů DPF nebo pokud jsme vaši stížnost týkající se principů DPF nevyřešili k vaší spokojenosti, navštivte prosím stránky https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request, kde naleznete více informací a kde můžete i podat stížnost.  Tyto služby pro řešení sporů jsou vám poskytovány zdarma.
V případě stížností týkajících se dodržování DPF, které nejsou vyřešeny žádným z ostatních mechanismů DPF, máte za určitých podmínek možnost zahájit závazné rozhodčí řízení. Další informace naleznete na oficiálních webových stránkách DPF.
9. Jaká máte práva?
V určitých jurisdikcích mohou mít koncoví uživatelé práva subjektu údajů, která jim umožňují podávat žádosti týkající se jejich osobních údajů. Většina jurisdikcí také poskytuje koncovým uživatelům právo být informováni o tom, jak jsou veškeré osobní údaje shromažďovány, používány a s kým mohou být sdíleny nebo komu mohou být zpřístupněny a za jakými účely. Oznámení společnosti DoubleVerify o ochraně osobních údajů v rámci Řešení má tyto požadavky splnit, pokud ale máte další dotazy nebo chcete-li lépe porozumět tomu, jak mohou být vaše osobní údaje shromážděny, použity, případně o tom, s kým mohou být sdíleny nebo komu mohou být zpřístupněny a proč, kontaktujte nás prostřednictvím níže uvedené části 13 s názvem „
Jak kontaktovat společnost DoubleVerify
“.
Obyvatelé Evropského hospodářského prostoru, Spojeného království, Švýcarska nebo Kalifornie mají mimo jiné několik práv podle platných zákonů a předpisů o ochraně osobních údajů, jako jsou GDPR a CCPA. K uplatnění těchto práv můžete použít
tento formulář
nebo nás můžete kontaktovat způsobem uvedeným v níže uvedeném oddíle 13 s názvem „
Jak kontaktovat společnost DoubleVerify
“). V souladu s určitými zákony a předpisy, jako je CCPA, můžete také určit autorizovaného zástupce, aby požadoval nebo uplatnil právo vaším jménem. Za uplatnění vašich práv vás nebudeme diskriminovat, ani se vám nebudeme mstít.
Tyto práva jsou následující:
právo na přístup k jakýmkoli osobním údajům, které o vás můžeme uchovávat, včetně kategorií a specifických částí osobních údajů.
právo opravit jakékoli nepřesné osobní údaje, které o vás uchováváme. Berte prosím na vědomí, že vzhledem k povaze osobních údajů, které shromažďujeme a vzhledem ke způsobu shromažďování, je vysoce nepravděpodobné, že budeme uchovávat osobní údaje, které jsou nepřesné nebo splňují okolnosti vyžadující jejich opravu.
právo požadovat, aby společnost DoubleVerify smazala jakékoli osobní údaje, které o vás uchovává.
právo požadovat, aby bylo zpracování vašich osobních údajů na určitou dobu pozastaveno nebo omezeno, například při posouzení, zda máte další práva, které chcete uplatnit.
v rozsahu, v němž jsou vaše osobní údaje zpracovávány na základě legitimního zájmu, máte právo proti takovému zpracování vznést námitku.
V rozsahu, v jakém jsou vaše osobní údaje zpracovávány na základě vašeho souhlasu, odvolat tento souhlas prostřednictvím rámce IAB Europe pro transparentnost a souhlas.
Za předpokladu, že lze přiřadit koncového uživatele k osobním údajům, které uchováváme v našich systémech a v maximálně možné míře, splníme jakýkoli požadavek týkající se koncového uživatele. Za určitých okolností můžeme však být požádáni o ověření vaší totožnosti, abychom vyhověli požadavku. K ověření vaší totožnosti a pochopení rozsahu vašeho požadavku, budeme si možná muset vyžádat další údaje o vás. Abyste mohli podat žádost nebo ji splnit, nebudete muset vytvořit žádný účet. Abychom s vámi mohli komunikovat a podpořit váš požadavek budete muset uvést vaši e-mailovou adresu i jakékoli informace, které budeme potřebovat k ověření, zda o vás uchováváme nějaké osobní údaje. Berte prosím na vědomí, že mohou nastat okolnosti, které nám znemožní splnit váš požadavek, ale pokud se tak stane, vysvětlíme proč. Pokud o vás neuchováváme žádné osobní údaje, budeme vás o tom informovat. Uděláme vše proto, abychom na vaše dotazy a požadavky reagovali co nejdříve, ale nechte nám prosím na odpověď třicet (30) dní.
Pokud společnost DoubleVerify vystupuje jako „zpracovatel“, „dodavatel“ nebo „poskytovatel služeb“, jak je uvedeno v platném zákoně, můžeme vás požádat, abyste svůj požadavek směřovali na příslušného zákazníka, který jedná jako „správce“ nebo „obchodní partner“.
10. Další zveřejňování
Určité zákony a předpisy na ochranu soukromí, jako je CCPA, vyžadují po obchodních firmách, aby oznámili, zda prodávají nějaké osobní údaje. Společnost DoubleVerify nezveřejňuje osobní údaje způsobem, který by představoval jejich „prodej“ nebo „sdílení“ podle zákonů států Kalifornie, Virginie nebo Nevada či podobných zákonů.
11. Používá společnost DoubleVerify umělou inteligenci?
Společnost DoubleVerify používá umělou inteligenci („AI“) v různých funkcích a různými způsoby v rámci celé organizace. Přestože společnost DoubleVerify využívá technologie umělé inteligence, nezapojujeme se do „automatizovaného rozhodování“, jak je definováno platnými zákony a předpisy o ochraně osobních údajů.
12. Rozhodné právo
Toto oznámení o ochraně osobních údajů v rámci řešení se v rozsahu příslušných platných a povolených zákonů a předpisů řídí a vykládá v souladu s interními zákony a jurisdikcí státu Delaware a místem řešení jakýchkoli sporů je Delaware.
13. Aktualizujeme toto oznámení o ochraně osobních údajů v rámci řešení?
Toto oznámení o ochraně osobních údajů Řešení můžeme občas aktualizovat proto, aby odráželo změny našich Řešení, postupů, zásad nebo jakékoli jiné interních nebo externí změny a také proto, aby splňovalo všechny nové platné právní požadavky. Všechny změny budou zveřejněny, jakmile vstoupí v platnost. Aktualizujeme také „datum účinnosti“ uvedený v horní části tohoto oznámení o ochraně osobních údajů, abyste věděli, kdy byla aktualizace provedena. Doporučujeme vám pravidelně prohlížet toto oznámení o ochraně osobních údajů v rámci Řešení, abyste byli o těchto změnách informováni.  Vezměte prosím na vědomí, že jakýkoli překlad tohoto oznámení o ochraně osobních údajů Řešení je určen pouze k usnadnění vašeho přístupu k těmto informacím. Jedinou oficiální verzí tohoto oznámení o ochraně osobních údajů v rámci Řešení je verze v angličtině a veškeré nepřesnosti nebo nesrovnalosti v překladu nejsou závazné a nemají právní účinek pro účely dodržování předpisů nebo vymáhání práv.
14. Jak kontaktovat společnost DoubleVerify?
Pokud máte nějaké dotazy, připomínky nebo komentáře k tomuto oznámení o ochraně osobních údajů v rámci Řešení nebo pokud se domníváte, že vaše osobní údaje byly použity způsobem, který není v souladu s oznámením o ochraně osobních údajů, můžete kontaktovat náš tým na ochranu osobních údajů na následující adrese:
Pověřenec pro ochranu soukromí / pověřenec pro ochranu osobních údajů (tým pro ochranu osobních údajů) Kontaktní údaje
DoubleVerify Inc.
462 Broadway
New York, NY 10013
privacy-policy@doubleverify.com
Pokud máte nevyřešení obavy týkající se ochrany soukromí nebo použití údajů, který jsme neřešili uspokojivě, kontaktujte našeho (bezplatného) poskytovatele řešení sporů třetích stran se sídlem v USA prostřednictvím následujícího odkazu
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
. Zavázali jsme se k tomu, abychom dosáhli spravedlivého řešení jakéhokoli sporu nebo obavy ohledně vašeho soukromí nebo tohoto oznámení o ochraně osobních údajů v rámci Řešení. Pokud se však domníváte, že jsme vám nebyli schopni pomoci, nic v tomto oznámení o ochraně osobních údajů v rámci Řešení neomezuje vaše práva podle platných zákonů, včetně vaší schopnosti podat stížnost u místního úřadu podle místa vašeho bydliště, u místního úřadu pro ochranu údajů nebo u jiného úřadu s jurisdikcí v záležitostech týkajících se ochrany soukromí.
Ikrafttrædelsesdato: 28. juni 2024
Oversigt
DoubleVerify Inc., sammen med dets globale datterselskaber (samlet benævnt “
DoubleVerify
”, “
vi
”, “
os
” eller “
vores
”) er brancheførende inden for gennemsigtighed og ansvarlighed i onlineannoncering. DoubleVerify bruger forskellige teknologier til at indsamle oplysninger om onlineannoncering, webstedstrafik, mobilapptrafik og forbundet enhedstrafik for at levere produkter og løsninger til gennemsigtighed og ansvarlighed i annoncering (samlet benævnt “
løsninger
”). Denne databeskyttelseserklæring (“
databeskyttelseserklæring for løsninger
”) forklarer, hvem vi er, hvordan vi indsamler, bruger og deler personoplysninger gennem vores løsninger, samt hvordan du kan udøve dine databeskyttelsesrettigheder.
Hvis du ønsker flere oplysninger om, hvordan DoubleVerify behandler personoplysninger, der indsamles på vores kundeorienterede websteder, bedes du besøge vores
databeskyttelseserklæring for websteder og markedsføring
.
Hvis du bruger DoubleVerify-løsninger, og du ønsker flere oplysninger om, hvordan DoubleVerify behandler personoplysninger, der indsamles gennem vores rapporteringsværktøjer, bedes du besøge vores
databeskyttelseserklæring for rapporteringsværktøjer
.
Hurtige links
Vi anbefaler, at du læser denne databeskyttelseserklæring for løsninger i sin helhed for at sikre, at du er fuldt informeret. For at gøre det nemmere for dig at finde og gennemgå specifikke dele af denne databeskyttelseserklæring for løsninger, har vi dog opdelt den i følgende afsnit:
Hvem er DoubleVerify?
Hvad er vores rolle, mål og retsgrundlag for behandling?
Hvilke oplysninger indsamler vi og til hvilke formål?
Hvordan bruger vi de oplysninger, vi indsamler?
Hvordan og til hvem videregiver vi oplysninger?
Hvor længe opbevarer vi personoplysninger?
Hvordan beskyttes personoplysninger?
Hvordan overføres personoplysninger internationalt?
Hvad er dine rettigheder?
Yderligere offentliggørelser
Bruger DoubleVerify kunstig intelligens?
Gældende lov
Opdaterer vi denne databeskyttelseserklæring for løsninger?
Sådan kontakter du DoubleVerify
1. Hvem er DoubleVerify?
DoubleVerifys akkrediterede platforme leverer uafhængig digital mediemåling, data og analyser om levering af annonceeksponeringer og webstedstrafik, for at hjælpe annoncører, bureauer og sælgere af annonceringsaktiver (samlet benævnt “
kunder
”) med at bekræfte nøjagtige leveringsegenskaber, herunder brand-sikkerhed, visningsmålinger, kontekstmæssige og miljømæssige parametre (f.eks. det websted, hvor en annonce vises, og hvor den vises på websiden), kvalitetsmæssige egenskaber ved annonceeksponeringer og webstedstraffik, og leverer indsigter, der gør det muligt for vores kunder at træffe informerede beslutninger om placeringen af deres kreative materialer og brand.
Vi går ind for at yde stærk databeskyttelse til enhver enkeltperson, hvis oplysninger vi måtte behandle i enhver egenskab – fordi vi mener, at databeskyttelse er en grundlæggende rettighed, ikke noget, der bør afhænge af, hvor du bor. For at leve op til dette princip, behandler vi alle oplysninger, der vedrører eller er knyttet til en identificeret eller identificerbar enkeltperson, som “personoplysninger”, uanset den pågældende persons placering. Hvad angår vores løsninger, begrænser DoubleVerify eventuelle oplysninger, som vi indsamler, til oplysninger, der ikke giver mulighed for identifikation af en enkeltperson uden yderligere oplysninger. For eksempel behandler DoubleVerify din internetprotokoladresse (“IP”), som er et nummer, der automatisk tildeles en computer, når internettet bruges. Selvom DoubleVerify behandler sådanne oplysninger som personoplysninger i overensstemmelse med bedste praksis og gældende love, kombinerer vi aldrig de pågældende oplysninger med eventuelle andre oplysninger, der ville gøre det muligt for os at identificere den enkeltperson, som oplysningerne vedrører.
Denne databeskyttelseserklæring for løsninger er beregnet til at informere enkeltpersoner, hvis oplysninger kan behandles gennem vores løsninger (“
slutbruger(e)
” eller,
“du
” og “
din
”) om: (1) de typer af oplysninger, som DoubleVerify kan indsamle om dig eller din enhed, når en annonce, der analyseres af os, leveres til dig på et websted, som du ser eller i en app, som du bruger, (2) vores databeskyttelsespraksisser, hvordan vi kan bruge, dele, og på anden måde behandle oplysninger, der betragtes som personoplysninger, og (3) hvad dine rettigheder er med hensyn til sådanne personoplysninger. Denne databeskyttelseserklæring for løsninger forklarer også, hvilke ikke-personplysninger (“
tekniske oplysninger
”) vi indsamler om de annoncer, som vi sporer, og hvordan vi bruger de pågældende tekniske oplysninger til at drive vores løsninger.
2. Hvad er vores rolle, mål og retsgrundlag for behandling?
DoubleVerifys løsninger til identifikation og bekæmpelse af svig (“
bekæmpelse af svig
”) og bekræftelse af geografisk overholdelse (“
geografisk bekræftelse
”) kræver behandling af personoplysninger. Undtagen under begrænsede omstændigheder, der er beskrevet nedenfor, med hensyn til love og forordninger såsom den generelle forordning om databeskyttelse (“
GDPR
”), driver DoubleVerify bekæmpelse af svig som en “dataansvarlig” og geografisk bekræftelse som en “databehandler”. Med hensyn til Californiens lov til beskyttelse af forbrugeres personoplysninger (California Consumer Privacy Act, “
CCPA
”) og andre amerikanske staters lovgivningsmæssige rammeværk, kan vores betegnelse variere afhængigt af det specifikke forhold til hver enkelt kunde. Da de personoplysninger, som vi behandler, indsamles af vores teknologi og “gøres tilgængelige” for os af vores kunder, fungerer vi generelt som en “kontrahent” i henhold til CCPA eller som en “databehandler” i henhold til andre amerikanske staters love og  lovgivningsmæssige rammeværk.  Uanset det foregående, under begrænsede omstændigheder, hvor personoplysninger deles med DoubleVerify via tilpassede integrationer og andre ikke-standardmetoder, for eksempel, når sådanne personoplysninger indsamles og tilvejebringes af en kunde med henblik på analyse af DoubleVerify, kan vi anses for at være en “databehandler” eller en “tjenesteudbyder” i henhold til CCPA.  Dette scenarie er mest almindeligt i vores partnerskaber med sociale mediekunder og andre kunder, der driver ejendomsretligt beskyttede miljøer, ofte omtalt som “walled gardens”.
Bortset fra bekæmpelse af svig, herunder som påkrævet for at tælle eksponeringer i henhold til standardpraksisser i branchen (f.eks. retningslinjer fra Media Ratings Council) og geografisk bekræftelse, kræver DoubleVerifys andre løsninger (såsom synlighed, brand-sikkerhed og egnethed) generelt ikke behandling af personoplysninger. Der er dog omstændigheder, såsom tilfælde, hvor vi kan levere sådanne løsninger til kunder, der driver “walled gardens”, hvor disse kunder, i deres rolle som dataansvarlige, kan kræve, at DoubleVerify behandler yderligere personoplysninger om slutbrugere eller enkeltpersoner, der opretter konti og indhold i kundens miljøer. I ethvert sådant scenarie træffer kunder afgørelse om, hvilke personoplysninger, der behandles, og i deres rolle som dataansvarlige afgør de også, efter eget skøn, retsgrundlaget for behandlingen af sådanne personoplysninger. For yderligere oplysninger om disse kunders databeskyttelsespraksisser, de behandlede personoplysninger og det gældende retsgrundlag for behandling, bør du gennemgå hver kundes relevante og gældende databeskyttelseserklæringer. Hvis du kontakter DoubleVerify for at forhøre dig om disse programmer, kan vi tilvejebringe nogle grundlæggende oplysninger for dig om det arbejde, som vi udfører for disse kunder, men vi anbefaler, at du kontakter den individuelle kunde eller gennemgår den databeskyttelsesdokumentation, som de stiller til rådighed på deres ejendomme.
I forbindelse med love såsom GDPR, er DoubleVerifys retsgrundlag for behandling af personoplysninger gennem vores løsninger den legitime interesse i: (i) at vores kunder undgår annoncerelateret svig og præsenterer geografisk nøjagtige og overensstemmende oplysninger til slutbrugere, (ii) at slutbrugerne modtager svindelfri og geografisk nøjagtige og overensstemmende oplysninger, og (iii) den fortsatte tilgængelighed af et gratis internet for offentligheden.
DoubleVerify deltager i IAB-gennemsigtigheds- og samtykkerammeværket (TCFv2.2 – leverandør-id 126), og vi bruger legitim interesse som vores grundlag for indsamling af oplysninger til følgende formål:
Sikre sikkerhed, forebygge og påvise svig, og rette fejl (Særligt formål 1)
Levere og præsentere annoncering og indhold (Særligt formål 2)
Gemme og kommunikere databeskyttelsesvalg (Særligt formål 3)
Måle annonceeffektivitet (Formål 7)
Udvikle og forbedre tjenester (Formål 10)
I begrænsede scenarier kan den enhed, der er ansvarlig for IAB Europes gennemsigtigheds- og samtykkerammeværk på den ejendom, hvor DoubleVerify-løsninger drives, gøre vores geografiske bekræftelse til genstand for samtykke. I disse meget begrænsede tilfælde vil samtykke gælde for at:
Bruge begrænsede oplysninger til at vælge annoncering (Formål 2)
Måle annonceeffektivitet (Formål 7)
Udvikle og forbedre tjenester (Formål 10)
3. Hvilke oplysninger indsamler vi og til hvilke formål?
For at udføre sine forretningsmæssige formål med at levere, vedligeholde og forbedre sine løsninger, indsamler og bruger DoubleVerify visse kategorier af personoplysninger og tekniske oplysninger. Kategorierne af personoplysninger og tekniske oplysninger, der behandles gennem DoubleVerify-løsningerne, er beskrevet nedenfor. I det omfang personoplysninger er nødvendige for driften af en eller flere funktioner i en DoubleVerify-løsning, vil sådanne personoplysninger kun blive brugt til de specifikke formål, der er beskrevet nedenfor, medmindre andet kræves ved lov. Derudover kan det under visse omstændigheder være nødvendigt at behandle personoplysningerne sammen med nogle tekniske oplysninger, således at DoubleVerifys løsninger kan fungere korrekt. I sådanne scenarier betragtes de kombinerede oplysninger som personoplysninger og beskyttes i overensstemmelse hermed. Vi kombinerer, analyserer eller beriger aldrig de personoplysninger og tekniske oplysninger, som vi behandler, med yderligere oplysninger med henblik på at identificere slutbrugerne. Vi sporer aldrig dig eller dine onlineaktiviteter på tværs af apps og websteder eller over tid, vi er ikke afhængige af vedvarende teknologier såsom tredjepartscookies, og vi opretter aldrig profiler eller målgrupper for at målrette enkeltpersoner.
Kategorier af tekniske oplysninger, der indsamles og bruges til at drive DoubleVerify-løsningerne:
Annonceringskampagne-attributter – Identifikatoren for den annoncør, der leverer en annonce, dens kampagne- og placeringsidentifikatorer, identifikatorerne for medieejendommen, der sælger annonceaktivet til annoncøren, eller eventuel formidlende annonceringsplatform, indsamles og behandles for at identificere den kunde, som vi servicerer, for at anvende de korrekte indstillinger for kunden, for at segmentere kunderapporterne i henhold til disse identifikatorer og for at fakturere kunden.
Webindholdsattributter – Webadressen (URL) på den side/billede, hvortil annoncen leveres, og adressen på eventuelle henvisende sider/billeder, indsamles for at sikre, at annoncerne leveres i den rigtige sammenhæng, som vores kunde har indstillet i profilindstillingerne i vores system.
Mobilapplikationsattributter – Mobilapplikationens navn, mobilapplikationens id, app store, applikationens udvikler, applikationens stjernebedømmelser, applikationens aldersklassificering og andre offentligt tilgængelige oplysninger om mobilapplikationen, hvortil annoncen leveres. Disse oplysninger bruges til at sikre, at annoncerne leveres i den rigtige sammenhæng som vores kunde har indstillet i profilindstillingerne i vores system.
Digitale miljøattributter – Den type af forbundet enhed, som annoncen leveres til: mobil, stationær computer, forbundet tv eller anden enhed, browsertypen og versionen, der bruges til at gengive siden, hvor annoncen vises, samt operativsystemet, indsamles for at vurdere, hvilken version af vores kode, der ville køre korrekt i det pågældende miljø, og for korrekt at måle, hvorvidt annoncen havde mulighed for at blive vist på skærmen i henhold til branchestandarder, der varierer mellem miljøer.
Visningsattributter – Placeringen af annoncen på siden, annoncens størrelse, skærmens størrelse, viewport-størrelsen, fanens fokusstatus, browserens fokusstatus, den tid, annoncen var i den synlige del af websiden, og websidens rulleposition, indsamles for at vurdere og rapportere til vores kunder, hvorvidt annoncen havde mulighed for at blive synlig på skærmen.
Eksponerings- og engagementsattributter – Oplysninger, der viser, hvorvidt annoncen blev klikket på, swipet, trykket eller rørt, fik ændret størrelse, sprunget over, gjort lydløs, sat på pause, roteret, svævede eller ændrede volumen, indsamles for at hjælpe vores kunder med at måle annoncen, annonceringskampagnen eller medieejendommens effektivitet.
Kategorier af oplysninger, der indsamles og bruges til at drive bekæmpelse af svig:
Pseudonym elektronisk tilstedeværelse og enhedsidentifikatorer – dvs. IP-adresse, brugeragentstreng eller derivater af disse to værdier – bruges til at vurdere, hvorvidt online-tilstedeværelsen eller enheden deltager i eller er forbundet med en svigagtig ordning.
Kategorier af oplysninger, der indsamles og bruges til at drive geografisk bekræftelse:
Pseudonym elektronisk tilstedeværelse og enhedsidentifikatorer – IP-adresse – indsamles for at fastslå den geografiske placering, som de er tilknyttet. Hver IP er forbundet med et land, og i USA kan de være forbundet med mere specifikke oplysninger, helt ned til postnummer. Dine nøjagtige geoplaceringsoplysninger indsamles aldrig.
Under begrænsede omstændigheder kan en kunde, der fungerer som en “walled garden”, kræve, at DoubleVerify behandler yderligere personoplysninger for at muliggøre sine løsninger. Sådanne yderligere personoplysninger kan vedrøre slutbrugere, enkeltpersoner, der opretter konti i sådanne “walled gardens” eller enkeltpersoner, der opretter indhold, der offentliggøres i sådanne “walled garden”-miljøer. I det omfang, at en af dets kunder, der fungerer som en “walled garden”, kræver, at DoubleVerify behandler yderligere personoplysninger for at muliggøre visse løsninger, skal DoubleVerify udelukkende behandle sådanne personoplysninger med henblik på at opfylde sine forpligtelser over for kunden og i streng overensstemmelse med kundens anvisninger, som påkrævet for at drive, vedligeholde og, hvis relevant, forbedre løsningerne. Vi arbejder ihærdigt med disse kunder for at sikre, at de behandlede personoplysninger udelukkende begrænses til de personoplysninger, der er nødvendige for at opfylde disse formål. Under begrænsede omstændigheder kan vores interaktion med “walled gardens” resultere i tilfældig modtagelse af personoplysninger. DoubleVerify arbejder omhyggeligt på at overvåge sådanne tilfælde for at sikre, at sådanne personoplysninger ikke behandles ud over modtagelse, andet end for at fjerne dem sikkert fra vores systemer. Da de specifikke kategorier af personoplysninger i disse scenarier afhænger af kundens tilpassede integration og beslutninger, og varierer fra kunde til kunde, anbefaler vi, at du kontakter den individuelle kunde eller gennemgår databeskyttelsesdokumentationen, som de stiller til rådighed på deres ejendomme, hvis du har yderligere spørgsmål.
Løsningerne er ikke beregnet til eller rettet mod behandlingen af børns personoplysninger. Vi indsamler ikke bevidst personoplysninger fra børn, som en sådan betegnelse defineres i gældende love fra tid til anden. Hvis du er forælder eller værge og mener, at dit barns personoplysninger kan være blevet behandlet gennem løsningerne, bedes du kontakte os ved hjælp af oplysningerne i afsnit 13, “
Sådan kontakter du DoubleVerify
” nedenfor, og vi vil træffe foranstaltninger til at slette deres personoplysninger fra vores systemer på sikker vis.
4. Hvordan bruger vi de oplysninger, vi indsamler?
DoubleVerify bruger kun de indsamlede tekniske oplysninger og personoplysninger til de formål, der er beskrevet i afsnit 3, “
Hvilke oplysninger indsamler vi og til hvilke formål?
” i denne databeskyttelseserklæring for løsninger. De tekniske oplysninger og dine personoplysninger behandles generelt for at levere rapportering, instrumentbræt, feedback og indsigter (“
rapportering
”) til vores kunder. DV-rapportering, i ethvert format, anonymiseres og aggregeres, eller, i det omfang der kræves oplysninger på eksponeringsniveau, afidentificeres hver eksponering for at sikre, at slutbrugeres personoplysninger aldrig deles med kunder. Uanset det foregående kan rapportering, der er opbygget til kunder, der fungerer som “walled gardens” (for eksempel sociale medievirksomheder) og andre kunder, der er afhængige af en sådan rapportering (for eksempel virksomheder, der annoncerer på sociale mediefeeds), omfatte oplysninger om enkeltpersoner, der opretter konti i sådanne “walled gardens” eller enkeltpersoner, der opretter indhold, der offentliggøres i sådanne “walled garden”-miljøer. Dette afsnit giver yderligere indsigt i, hvordan de tekniske oplysninger og dine personoplysninger behandles for at opnå de forretningsmæssige formål, der er angivet i afsnit 3 i denne databeskyttelseserklæring for løsninger.
DoubleVerify bruger de tekniske oplysninger, der indsamles via løsningerne, som angivet i afsnit 3.1, på følgende måder:
Til at analysere og rapportere om den sammenhæng, hvori annoncer vises, deres kvalitet, autenticitet og effektivitet. Nærmere bestemt, oplysninger, der illustrerer, hvorvidt en annonce, der vises, er i overensstemmelse med en kundes forudindstillede juridiske og placeringsmæssige krav, samt præferenceindstillinger, som kunden har oprettet i vores system.
Til at tilvejebringe indsigter og forebyggende beslutningstagning i forbindelse med eksponeringsmuligheder. DoubleVerify-teknologi analyserer dataegenskaberne ved en eksponeringsmulighed og afgør, hvorvidt kundens annonce skal vises eller ej, for eksempel ved at fastslå, at det omgivende indhold ikke passer til den pågældende kundes branding og præferencer.
For at levere bekæmpelse af svig, bruger DoubleVerify de tekniske oplysninger og personoplysninger, der indsamles gennem løsningerne, som angivet i afsnit 3.1 og 3.2, til:
At gennemgå og identificere specifikke annonceeksponeringer, der er svigagtige, da de blev genereret af bot-kontrollerede, ikke-menneskelige browsere.
At vurdere og identificere ugyldig trafik, såsom trafik genereret af annonceinjektorer, trafik, der stammer fra datacentre, fejlrepræsenteret trafik, efterlignet trafik og andre typer af ugyldig trafik.
At analysere og identificere websteder, mobil- og forbundne enhedsapps og medieejendomme, der har svigagtig trafik og/eller genererer svigagtige annonceringseksponeringer.
At identificere trafikmønstre på tværs af websteder, der deltager i svigagtig annonceringsaktivitet.
At skelne mellem trafik genereret af botkontrollerede, ikke-menneskelige browsere og menneskelige browsere.
At vurdere, hvorvidt analyserede annoncer følger gældende lovkrav og præferencer, der er fastsat af vores kunder.
At finde ud af, om en middleware forsøger at fejlrepræsentere sine driftsegenskaber for at forhindre identifikation af svig eller anden ugyldig trafik.
At fastslå, hvorvidt webstedstrafik eller annonceeksponeringer stammer fra en serverfarm i stedet for menneskegenereret browsingaktivitet.
At fastslå, hvorvidt trafikken erhverves gennem svigagtige praksisser eller gennem andre traffikerhvervelsespraksisser, der ikke er i overensstemmelse med en kundes retningslinjer eller præferencer.
At oprette optegnelser over IP-adresser og brugeragentstrenge forbundet med svigagtige ordninger og ikke-menneskegenereret trafik (“svigtabeller”). Da sådanne datapunkter er forbundet med ikke-menneskelige interaktioner, udgør de ikke personoplysninger.
For at levere geografisk bekræftelse, bruger DoubleVerify de tekniske oplysninger og personoplysninger, der indsamles gennem løsningerne, som angivet i afsnit 3.3, til:
At vurdere på højt niveau (land, stat, region eller, for amerikanske beboere, postnummer) den geografiske placering af slutbrugeren og bekræfte, hvorvidt slutbrugeren befinder sig inden for kundens kampagne- eller trafikindstillinger.
I det omfang, at en af dets kunder, der fungerer som en “walled garden”, kræver, at DoubleVerify behandler yderligere personoplysninger for at muliggøre visse løsninger, skal DoubleVerify udelukkende behandle sådanne personoplysninger med henblik på at opfylde sine forpligtelser over for kunden og i streng overensstemmelse med kundens anvisninger, som påkrævet for at drive, vedligeholde og, hvis relevant, forbedre løsningerne. Hvis du har eventuelle spørgsmål, anbefaler vi, at du kontakter den individuelle kunde eller gennemgår databeskyttelsesdokumentationen, som de stiller til rådighed på deres ejendomme.
5. Hvordan og til hvem videregiver vi oplysninger?
DoubleVerify videregiver ikke personoplysninger til tredjeparter, undtagen som strengt nødvendigt i forbindelse med vores forretningsformål for at drive, vedligeholde og forbedre vores løsninger. I det omfang vi frivilligt deler eventuelle personoplysninger, sikrer vi, at de beskyttes af modtagerne på en måde, der er i overensstemmelse med vores egne politikker og standarder.
Vi kan dele dine personoplysninger med:
Tjenesteudbydere – virksomheder, som vi har indgået kontrakt med om at levere tjenester til os, såsom IT- og systemadministration, infrastruktur- og hostingtjenester, forskning og analyse, support og kvalitetssikring, sikkerhed og andre tjenester, til formålene og i medfør af det retsgrundlag, der er beskrevet ovenfor. Du kan anmode om en liste over vores tjenesteudbydere, hvilke personoplysninger de modtager og til hvilke formål ved at kontakte os. Du kan finde kontaktoplysninger i afsnit 13 “
Sådan kontakter du DoubleVerify
” i denne databeskyttelseserklæring for løsninger.
Tilknyttede selskaber – såsom et moderselskab, søsterselskaber, datterselskaber, joint ventures eller andre selskaber under fælles kontrol, i det omfang det er nødvendigt for at drive, vedligeholde og forbedre vores løsninger. Du kan anmode om en liste over vores tilknyttede selskaber, hvilke personoplysninger de modtager og til hvilke formål ved at kontakte os. Du kan finde kontaktoplysninger i afsnit 13 “
Sådan kontakter du DoubleVerify
” i denne databeskyttelseserklæring for løsninger.
Tredjeparter, der hyres af vores kunder – for at støtte vores kunder, kan vi integrere vores løsninger med andre værktøjer og tjenester, der hyres af vores kunder for at levere forbedrede tjenester og rapporteringskapaciteter. Under ingen omstændigheder modtager vi oplysninger fra disse integrationer, der gør det muligt for DoubleVerify at berige vores oplysninger og identificere slutbrugere. I begrænsede scenarier kan vi dele oplysninger på eksponeringsniveau med virksomheder, der hyres af vores kunder til at udføre undersøgelser om markedsføringseffektivitet. Under begrænsede omstændigheder kan vores kunder instruere os om at dele visse personoplysninger, der kræves for at aktivere funktionaliteten af et produkt eller en tjeneste, der ikke administreres af DoubleVerify.
Tredjeparter, der er involveret i en virksomhedstransaktion – i tilfælde af, at DoubleVerify opkøbes eller fusionerer med en anden virksomhed, eller i tilfælde af omstrukturering, opløsning eller anden grundlæggende virksomhedsændring.
Vi kan være juridisk forpligtede til at videregive dine personoplysninger:
(a) Hvis en offentlig enhed, domstol, retshåndhævende myndighed eller tilsynsmyndighed kræver en sådan videregivelse (for eksempel, som del af en igangværende undersøgelse, stævning, lignende retsproces eller retssag),
(b) Som ellers påkrævet i henhold til eventuel gældende lovgivning, forordning eller regel, og
(c) Hvis vi i god tro mener, at en sådan videregivelse er nødvendig for at beskytte eller forsvare vores eller andres rettigheder, for at hjælpe i en undersøgelse eller for at forhindre ulovlig aktivitet.
Svigtabeller og andre rapporter om bekæmpelse af svig, datafeeds, API’er og instrumentbræt, der ikke indeholder personoplysninger, kan deles med eller stilles til rådighed for kunder og andre tredjeparter, herunder, for eksempel, brancheorganisationer, som nødvendigt for, at DoubleVerify kan udføre sine forretningsmæssige formål med at levere, vedligeholde og forbedre ‘bekæmpelse af svig’-delen af vores løsninger og bekæmpe annoncesvig.
Vi deler ikke dine personoplysninger med vores kunder. Eventuelle rapporter og analyser, som vi gør tilgængelige for kunder via vores rapporteringsportal, er anonyme, hvilket betyder, at de ikke indeholder personoplysninger. Rapporterne aggregeres generelt, men under begrænsede omstændigheder leveres rapportering på eksponeringsniveau til vores kunder via FTP-slutpunkter eller API’er, forudsat at sådanne rapporter ikke indeholder eventuelle personoplysninger. Vi kan dele tekniske oplysninger, som er anonyme, i aggregerede formater eller i deres rå form, med tredjeparter, som vi anser for nødvendigt for at udføre vores forretningsformål med at levere, vedligeholde og forbedre løsningerne. Derudover kan vi dele anonyme eller afidentificerede oplyninger på aggregeret basis i løbet af vores normale forretningsdrift, for eksempel, for at offentliggøre casestudier og rapporter for at vise tendenser om fordelene ved og ydeevnen af vores løsninger.
For at undgå tvivl videregiver DoubleVerify ikke personoplysninger til enheder, der fungerer som en “virksomhed” eller en “tredjepart” i henhold til love såsom CCPA.
6. Hvor længe opbevarer vi personoplysninger?
DoubleVerify opbevarer kun eventuelle personoplysninger, der behandles gennem sine løsninger, så længe det er nødvendigt for at opfylde de formål, der er beskrevet i denne databeskyttelseserklæring for løsninger, og under ingen omstændigheder længere end femogfyrre (45) dage. Ved udløbet af den pågældende periode fjernes personoplysningerne fra DoubleVerifys systemer på sikker vis.
Svigtabeller kan opbevares på ubestemt tid for at sikre den korrekte funktionalitet af løsningen til bekæmpelse af svig.
Tekniske oplysninger, som af natur er anonyme, kan opbevares af DoubleVerify på ubestemt tid eller så længe som angivet i DoubleVerifys politikker og tilladt ved gældende lov og DoubleVerifys aftaler med sine kunder.
7. Hvordan beskyttes personoplysninger?
DoubleVerify har implementeret passende tekniske, fysiske og organisatoriske foranstaltninger, der er beregnet til at beskytte personoplysninger mod utilsigtet eller ulovlig tilintetgørelse eller utilsigtet tab, skade, ændring, uautoriseret videregivelse eller adgang, samt alle andre former for ulovlig behandling. Selvom vi følger generelt accepterede standarder og bedste praksisser til beskyttelse af personoplysninger, er ingen opbevaringsmetode eller afsendelse 100 % sikker. Vi arbejder imidlertid konstant på at forbedre vores sikkerhedsforanstaltninger og holde dine personoplysninger sikre.
8. Hvordan overføres personoplysninger internationalt?
Vær opmærksom på, at de personoplysninger, som vi indsamler, kan blive overført til og opretholdt på servere eller databaser, der befinder sig uden for din stat, provins, land eller anden retskreds. Selvom dine personoplysninger kan sendes gennem et lokalt midlertidigt datacenter for at sikre, at løsningerne er effektive og lydhøre, opbevarer DoubleVerify i sidste ende alle personoplysninger, der indsamles gennem løsningerne, i USA. Som en global virksomhed har vi kontorer i USA, Storbritannien, Frankrig, Belgien, Finland, Tyskland, Israel, Canada, Mexico, Brasilien, Japan, Indien, Singapore og Australien. Vores medarbejdere på disse steder skal muligvis tilgå dine personoplysninger for at understøtte vores løsninger. Det niveau af databeskyttelse, der er etableret på nogle af disse steder, såsom USA, kan være lavere end det niveau, der er etableret i EU eller andre retskredse, der har vedtaget stærke databeskyttelseslove og -forordninger.
Vi træffer foranstaltninger til at sikre, at dine personoplysninger opbevares sikkert hos os, og opfylder lovgivningsmæssige databeskyttelses- og sikkerhedskrav, der pålægges virksomheder i Den Europæiske Union. Vi sikrer også, at eventuel anden modtager af dine personoplysninger tilbyder et tilstrækkeligt niveau af beskyttelse og sikkerhed, for eksempel, ved at indgå de relevante back-to-back-aftaler og, hvis påkrævet, standardkontraktbestemmelser eller en alternativ mekanisme til overførsel af oplysninger som godkendt af Europa-Kommissionen eller anden gældende tilsynsmyndighed. DoubleVerifys databeskyttelsespraksisser, der er beskrevet i denne databeskyttelseserklæring, overholder APEC Cross Border Privacy Rules-systemet (CBPR) og Privacy Recognition for Processors-systemet (PRP) APEC CBPR-systemet og APEC PRP-systemet tilvejebringer rammer, således at organisationer kan sikre beskyttelse af personoplysninger, der overføres mellem deltagende APEC-økonomier. Du kan finde flere oplysninger om APEC-rammeaftalerne
her
. Hvis du har eventuelle spørgsmål om, hvor vi opbevarer personoplysninger, kan du kontakte os som beskrevet i afsnit 13 “
Sådan kontakter du DoubleVerify
” i denne globale databeskyttelseserklæring.
Derudover overholder DoubleVerify Inc. og dets datterselskaber Outrigger Media, Inc., der driver virksomhed under navnet OpenSlate, Scibids Technology Inc., Zentrick Inc. (“DoubleVerify”) EU-USA-databeskyttelsesrammen (EU-USA DPF), den britiske udvidelse af EU-USA DPF og den schweizisk-amerikanske databeskyttelsesramme (den schweiziske-amerikanske DPF) som fremsat af det amerikanske handelsministerium. DoubleVerify har certificeret over for det amerikanske handelsministerium, at det overholder EU-USA-databeskyttelsesrammeprincipperne (EU-USA DPF-principper) for så vidt angår behandling af personoplysninger, der modtages fra Den Europæiske Union i henhold til EU-USA DPF, og fra Storbritannien (og Gibraltar) i henhold til den britiske udvidelse af EU-USA DPF. DoubleVerify har certificeret over for det amerikanske handelsministerium, at det overholder de schweiziske-amerikanske databeskyttelsesrammeværk-principper (schweiziske-amerikanske DPF-principper) for så vidt angår behandling af personoplysninger, der modtages fra Schweiz i henhold til det schweiziske-amerikanske DPF.  Hvis der er eventuel uoverensstemmelse mellem vilkårene i denne privatlivspolitik og EU-USA DPF-principperne og/eller de schweiziske-amerikanske DPF-principper, skal principperne have forrang.  Hvis du vil vide mere om databeskyttelsesrammeprogrammet (DPF), og for at se vores certificering, bedes du besøge https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/.
DoubleVerify er ansvarlig for behandlingen af personoplysninger, som den modtager i henhold til DPF, og efterfølgende overfører til en tredjepart, der fungerer som agent på dennes vegne.  DoubleVerify overholder DPF-principperne for alle videreoverførsler af personoplysninger fra EU, Storbritannien og Schweiz, herunder bestemmelserne om erstatningsansvar ifm. videreoverførsel.
Federal Trade Commission har jurisdiktion over DoubleVerifys overholdelse af EU-USA DPF, den britiske udvidelse af EU-USA DPF og det schweiziske-amerikanske DPF. I visse situationer kan DoubleVerify være forpligtet til at videregive personoplysninger som svar på lovlige anmodninger fra offentlige myndigheder, herunder for at opfylde nationale sikkerheds- eller retshåndhævelseskrav.
I overensstemmelse med EU-USA DPF, den britiske udvidelse af EU-USA DPF og det schweiziske-amerikanske DPF, forpligter DoubleVerify sig til at henvise uløste klager vedrørende vores håndtering af personoplysninger, der modtages i henhold til EU-USA DPF, den britiske udvidelse af EU-USA DPF og det schweiziske-amerikanske DPF til TRUSTe, en alternativ tvistbilæggelsesudbyder med hjemsted i USA.  Hvis du ikke modtager rettidig anerkendelse af din klage vedrørende DPF-principper fra os, eller hvis vi ikke har behandlet din klage vedrørende DPF-principper til din tilfredshed, bedes du besøge https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request for flere oplysninger eller for at indgive en klage.  Disse tvistbilæggelsestjenester leveres uden omkostninger for dig.
For klager vedrørende DPF-overholdelse, der ikke løses af nogen af de andre DPF-mekanismer, har du under visse omstændigheder mulighed for at påberåbe dig bindende voldgift. Yderligere oplysninger kan findes på det officielle DPF-websted.
9. Hvad er dine rettigheder?
Slutbrugere i visse retskredse kan have rettigheder som registrerede, der giver dem mulighed for at fremsætte anmodninger vedrørende deres personoplysninger. De fleste retskredse giver også slutbrugere ret til at blive informeret om, hvordan eventuelle personoplysninger indsamles, bruges og hvem de kan deles med eller videregives til, samt til hvilke formål. DoubleVerifys databeskyttelseserklæring for løsninger er beregnet til at opfylde alle sådanne krav, men hvis du har yderligere spørgsmål eller gerne vil have en bedre forståelse af, hvordan dine personoplysninger blev indsamlet, brugt, eller hvem de kan være blevet delt med eller videregivet til, og hvorfor, bedes du kontakte os ved hjælp af afsnit 13 “
Sådan kontakter du DoubleVerify
” nedenfor.
Beboere i bl.a. Det Europæiske Økonomiske Samarbejdsområde, Storbritannien, Schweiz eller Californien, har adskillige rettigheder i henhold til de gældende databeskyttelseslove og -forordninger, såsom i henhold til GDPR og CCPA. For at udøve disse rettigheder kan du bruge
denne formular
eller kontakte os ved hjælp af afsnit 13 “
Sådan kontakter du DoubleVerify
” nedenfor. I overensstemmelse med visse love og forordninger, såsom CCPA, kan du også udpege en autoriseret agent til at indsende en anmodning eller udøve en rettighed på dine vegne. Vi vil ikke forskelsbehandle eller udsætte dig for repressalier for at udøve dine rettigheder.
Disse rettigheder er:
Retten til at få indsigt i eventuelle personoplysninger, som vi måtte opbevare om dig, herunder oplysninger om kategorierne af personoplysninger og de specifikke personoplysninger.
Retten til at berigtige eventuelle unøjagtige personoplysninger, som vi måtte opbevare om dig. Vær opmærksom på, at på grund af arten af de personoplysninger, som vi indsamler og vores indsamlingsmetode, er det meget usandsynligt, at vi opbevarer personoplysninger, der er unøjagtige, eller som ville opfylde de omstændigheder, der kræver en berigtigelse.
Retten til at anmode om, at DoubleVerify sletter eventuelle personoplysninger, som vi måtte opbevare om dig.
Retten til at anmode om, at behandlingen af personoplysninger om dig suspenderes eller begrænses i en periode, for eksempel, mens du vurderer, hvorvidt du har andre rettigheder, som du ønsker at udøve.
I det omfang dine personoplysninger behandles baseret på en legitim interesse, har du ret til at gøre indsigelse mod en sådan behandling.
I det omfang dine personoplysninger behandles baseret på dit samtykke, til at trække et sådant samtykke tilbage via IAB Europes gennemsigtigheds- og samtykkerammeværk.
I videst muligt omfang efterkommer vi enhver anmodning relateret til en slutbruger, forudsat at vi kan matche slutbrugeren med personoplysninger, som vi opbevarer på vores systemer. Under visse omstændigheder kan vi dog være forpligtede til at bekræfte din identitet for at efterkomme en anmodning. For at bekræfte din identitet eller forstå omfanget af din anmodning, kan vi være nødt til at anmode om yderligere oplysninger om dig. Du vil ikke blive bedt om at oprette en konto hos os for at indsende en anmodning eller få den efterkommet. Du skal angive en e-mailadresse, så vi kan kommunikere med dig og understøtte din anmodning, samt eventuelle oplysninger, som vi skal bruge for at give os mulighed for at bekræfte, hvorvidt vi opbevarer eventuelle personoplysninger om dig. Vær opmærksom på, at der kan være omstændigheder, hvor vi ikke kan efterkomme din anmodning, men hvis vi ikke kan efterkomme din anmodning, vil vi forklare hvorfor. I det omfang vi ikke opbevarer eventuelle personoplysninger om dig, informerer vi dig herom. Vi gør vores bedste for at besvare alle henvendelser og anmodninger så hurtigt som muligt, men der kan gå op til tredive (30) dage, før vi kan svare.
I det omfang, at DoubleVerify fungerer som en “databehandler”, “kontrahent” eller “tjenesteudbyder”, som defineret i gældende lovgivning, kan du være nødt til at rette dine anmodninger om at udøve dine rettigheder til den relevante kunde, der fungerer som “dataansvarlig” eller “virksomhed”.
10. Yderligere offentliggørelser
Visse databeskyttelseslove og -forordninger, såsom CCPA, kræver, at virksomheder oplyser, hvorvidt de sælger personoplysninger. DoubleVerify videregiver ikke personoplysninger på en måde, der ville udgøre et “salg” i henhold til lovgivningen i Californien, Virginia og Nevada, eller lignende love.
11. Bruger DoubleVerify kunstig intelligens?
DoubleVerify bruger kunstig intelligens (Artificial Intelligence, “AI”) i forskellige kapaciteter og på forskellige måder i hele organisationen. Selvom DoubleVerify gør brug af AI-teknologier, involverer vi os ikke i “automatiske afgørelser” som defineret i gældende databeskyttelseslove og -forordninger.
12. Gældende lov
I det omfang det er relevant og tilladt ved gældende love og forordninger, reguleres denne databeskyttelseserklæring for løsninger af, og fortolkes i overensstemmelse med, de interne love i staten Delaware, og kompetence og værneting for eventuel tvist vil være i Delaware.
13. Opdaterer vi denne databeskyttelseserklæring for løsninger?
Vi kan opdatere denne databeskyttelseserklæring for løsninger fra tid til anden for at afspejle ændringer i vores løsninger, praksisser, politikker eller andre interne eller eksterne ændringer, samt for at overholde nye lovkrav. Alle ændringer offentliggøres, så snart de træder i kraft. Hvis vi foretager opdateringer, opdaterer vi “ikrafttrædelsesdatoen”, der er angivet øverst i denne databeskyttelseserklæring for løsninger, for at hjælpe dig med at forstå, hvornår der blev foretaget ændringer. For at holde dig orienteret om sådanne opdateringer opfordrer vi dig til regelmæssigt at vende tilbage til denne databeskyttelseserklæring for løsninger.  Bemærk, at eventuel oversættelse af denne databeskyttelseserklæring for løsninger udelukkende er beregnet til at formidle din adgang til disse oplysninger. Den engelske version er den eneste officielle version af denne databeskyttelseserklæring for løsninger, og eventuelle unøjagtigheder i oversættelser eller uoverensstemmelser er ikke bindende og har ingen retsvirkning med henblik på overholdelse eller håndhævelse.
14. Sådan kontakter du DoubleVerify
Hvis du har eventuelle spørgsmål, bekymringer eller kommentarer til denne databeskyttelseserklæring for løsninger, eller du mener, at dine personoplysninger er blevet brugt på en måde, der ikke er i overensstemmelse med databeskyttelseserklæringen eller dine valg, kan du kontakte vores databeskyttelsesteam på:
Privacy Officer / Data Protection Officer (Privacy Team) Contact Information
DoubleVerify Inc.
462 Broadway
New York, NY 10013
privacy-policy@doubleverify.com
Hvis du har en uløst bekymring vedrørende privatlivets fred eller databrug, som vi ikke har behandlet på tilfredsstillende vis, bedes du kontakte vores amerikanske tredjepartsudbyder af tvistbilæggelse (gratis) på
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
. Vi har forpligtet os til at opnå en rimelig løsning på eventuel klage eller bekymring, som du måtte have om dit privatliv eller denne databeskyttelseserklæring for løsninger. Men hvis du mener, at vi ikke har været i stand til at hjælpe dig, er der intet i denne databeskyttelseserklæring for løsninger, der begrænser eller forsøger at begrænse dine rettigheder i henhold til gældende love, herunder din evne, afhængigt af dit bopælsland, til at indgive en klage til din lokale databeskyttelsesmyndighed eller anden myndighed med kompetence over databeskyttelsesrelaterede anliggender.
Ingangsdatum: 28 juni 2024
Overzicht
DoubleVerify Inc., samen met zijn wereldwijde dochterondernemingen (gezamenlijk “
DoubleVerify
“, “
wij
“, “
ons
” of “
onze
“) is de marktleider in het verschaffen van transparantie en betrouwbaarheid in online reclame. DoubleVerify gebruikt verschillende technologieën om informatie te verzamelen over online reclame, websiteverkeer, verkeer naar mobiele apps en verkeer naar aangesloten apparaten om producten en oplossingen voor advertentietransparantie en betrouwbaarheid te leveren (gezamenlijk, “
Oplossingen
“). In deze privacyverklaring (de “
Privacyverklaring
voor Oplossingen
”) wordt uitgelegd wie we zijn, hoe we persoonsgegevens verzamelen, gebruiken en delen via onze Oplossingen, en hoe u uw privacyrechten kunt uitoefenen.
Als u meer informatie wilt over hoe DoubleVerify Persoonsgegevens verwerkt die zijn verzameld op onze publieke websites, ga dan naar onze
Privacyverklaring voor Websites & Marketing
.
Als u oplossingen van DoubleVerify gebruikt en meer informatie wilt over hoe DoubleVerify Persoonsgegevens verwerkt die via onze rapportagetools worden verzameld, ga dan naar onze
Privacyverklaring voor Rapportagetools
.
Snelle links
We raden u aan deze Privacyverklaring voor Oplossingen in zijn geheel te lezen om ervoor te zorgen dat u volledig op de hoogte bent. Om het echter gemakkelijker voor u te maken om specifieke delen van deze Privacyverklaring voor Oplossingen te vinden en te bekijken, hebben we deze onderverdeeld in de volgende secties:
Wie is DoubleVerify?
Wat is onze rol, en wat zijn onze doelen en rechtsgrondslag voor verwerking?
Welke gegevens verzamelen wij en voor welke doeleinden?
Hoe gebruiken wij de door ons verzamelde gegevens?
Hoe en aan wie geven wij gegevens vrij?
Hoelang bewaren we Persoonsgegevens?
Hoe worden Persoonsgegevens beveiligd?
Hoe worden Persoonsgegevens internationaal overgedragen?
Wat zijn uw rechten?
Bijkomende bekendmakingen
Maakt DoubleVerify gebruik van kunstmatige intelligentie?
Toepasselijk recht
Updaten we deze Privacyverklaring voor Oplossingen?
Hoe kunt u contact opnemen met DoubleVerify?
1. Wie is DoubleVerify?
De geaccrediteerde platforms van DoubleVerify bieden onafhankelijke digitale mediametingen, gegevens en analyses over de levering van impressies van advertenties (of “reclame”) en websiteverkeer om adverteerders, bureaus en verkopers van advertentieruimte (samen “
Klanten
“) te helpen nauwkeurige leveringskenmerken te bevestigen, waaronder merkveiligheid, zichtbaarheidsmetriek, contextuele en omgevingsparameters (bijvoorbeeld de website waarop een advertentie verschijnt en waar deze op de webpagina verschijnt), kwaliteitskenmerken van advertentie-impressies en websiteverkeer, en bieden inzichten waarmee onze Klanten weloverwogen beslissingen kunnen nemen over de plaatsing van hun creativiteit en merk.
Wij geloven in een sterke bescherming van de privacy van elke persoon van wie wij informatie verwerken, in welke hoedanigheid dan ook – omdat wij geloven dat privacy een fundamenteel recht is, en niet iets dat moet afhangen van waar u woont. Om aan dat beginsel te voldoen, behandelen wij alle gegevens die betrekking hebben op of gekoppeld zijn aan een geïdentificeerde of identificeerbare natuurlijke persoon als “Persoonsgegevens”, ongeacht de locatie van die persoon. Wat onze Oplossingen betreft, beperkt DoubleVerify alle informatie die wij verzamelen tot informatie die het niet mogelijk maakt een individu te identificeren zonder aanvullende informatie. DoubleVerify verwerkt bijvoorbeeld uw Internet Protocol (“IP”)-adres, een nummer dat automatisch aan een computer wordt toegekend wanneer het internet wordt gebruikt. Hoewel DoubleVerify dergelijke informatie behandelt als Persoonsgegevens, in overeenstemming met de beste praktijken en toepasselijke wetgeving, combineren wij deze informatie nooit met andere gegevens die ons in staat zouden stellen de persoon op wie de informatie betrekking heeft te identificeren.
Deze Privacyverklaring voor Oplossingen is bedoeld om personen van wie gegevens kunnen worden verwerkt via onze Oplossingen (“
Eindgebruiker(s)
” of, “
u
” en “
uw
“) te informeren over: (1) de soorten informatie die DoubleVerify over u of uw apparaat kan verzamelen wanneer een door ons geanalyseerde advertentie aan u wordt geleverd op een website die u bekijkt of in een app die u gebruikt, (2) onze privacypraktijken, hoe wij informatie die als Persoonsgegevens wordt beschouwd, kunnen gebruiken, delen en anderszins verwerken, en (3) wat uw rechten zijn met betrekking tot dergelijke Persoonsgegevens. In deze Privacykennisgeving voor Oplossingen wordt ook uitgelegd welke niet-persoonlijke informatie (“
Technische Informatie
“) wij verzamelen over de advertenties die wij volgen en hoe wij die Technische Informatie gebruiken om onze Oplossingen aan te drijven.
2. Wat is onze rol, en wat zijn onze doelstellingen en rechtsgrondslag voor verwerking?
De Oplossingen van DoubleVerify voor fraude-identificatie en -bestrijding (“
Fraudebestrijding
“) en het verifiëren van de geografische naleving (“
Geo-verificatie
“) vereisen de verwerking van Persoonsgegevens. Behalve in beperkte omstandigheden zoals hieronder uiteengezet, met betrekking tot wet- en regelgeving zoals de Algemene Verordening Gegevensbescherming (“
AVG
”), onderneemt DoubleVerify Fraudebestrijding als een “verwerkingsverantwoordelijke” en Geo-verificatie als een “verwerker”. Met betrekking tot de California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”) en andere wetgevende kaders van Amerikaanse staten kan onze aanduiding variëren afhankelijk van de specifieke relatie met elke Klant. Aangezien de Persoonsgegevens die we verwerken worden verzameld door onze technologie en “beschikbaar worden gesteld” aan ons door onze Klanten, fungeren we over het algemeen als een “opdrachtnemer” onder CCPA of als een “verwerker” onder andere Amerikaanse staatswetten en regelgevende kaders.  Niettegenstaande het voorgaande, in beperkte omstandigheden waarin Persoonsgegevens gedeeld worden met DoubleVerify via op maat ontworpen integraties en andere niet-standaard middelen, bijvoorbeeld wanneer dergelijke Persoonsgegevens worden verzameld en verstrekt door een Klant voor analyse door DoubleVerify, kunnen wij te allen tijde worden beschouwd als een “verwerker” of een “dienstverlener” onder CCPA.  Dit scenario komt het meest voor bij onze partnerschappen met Klanten uit de sociale media en andere Klanten die eigen omgevingen exploiteren, vaak “walled gardens” genoemd.
Met uitzondering van Fraudebestrijding, inclusief zoals vereist om indrukken te kwalificeren volgens standaardbedrijfspraktijken (bijv. richtlijnen van de Media Ratings Council) en Geo-verificatie, vereisen de andere Oplossingen van DoubleVerify (zoals zichtbaarheid, merkveiligheid en geschiktheid) over het algemeen niet de verwerking van Persoonsgegevens. Er zijn echter omstandigheden, zoals gevallen waarin wij dergelijke Oplossingen aan Klanten kunnen leveren die “walled gardens” exploiteren, waar deze Klanten, in hun rol als verwerkingsverantwoordelijken, mogelijk kunnen verlangen dat DoubleVerify aanvullende Persoonsgegevens verwerkt van Eindgebruikers of individuen die accounts en inhoud creëren binnen de omgevingen van de Klant. In een dergelijk scenario wordt door de Klanten bepaald welke Persoonsgegevens worden verwerkt, die in hun rol als verwerkingsverantwoordelijken ook, naar eigen goeddunken, de rechtsgrondslag voor de verwerking van dergelijke Persoonsgegevens bepalen. Voor meer informatie over de privacypraktijken van deze Klanten, de Persoonsgegevens die worden verwerkt en de toepasselijke rechtsgrondslag voor verwerking, dient u de relevante en toepasselijke privacykennisgeving of -verklaringen van elke Klant te raadplegen. Als u contact opneemt met DoubleVerify om te informeren naar deze programma’s, kunnen we enige basisinformatie geven over het werk dat we voor deze Klanten doen, maar we zullen u aanraden contact op te nemen met de individuele Klant of de privacydocumentatie te bekijken die zij beschikbaar maken op hun kanalen.
Aangezien het betrekking heeft op wetgeving zoals de AVG, is de rechtsgrondslag van DoubleVerify voor het verwerken van Persoonsgegevens via onze Oplossingen het rechtmatige belang van: (i) onze Klanten om advertentiegerelateerde fraude te voorkomen en geografisch accurate en conforme informatie aan Eindgebruikers te presenteren, (ii) de Eindgebruikers bij het ontvangen van fraudevrije en geografisch accurate en conforme informatie, en (iii) het algemene publiek bij de voortdurende beschikbaarheid van een vrij internet.
DoubleVerify neemt deel aan het IAB Transparency and Consent Framework (TCFv2.2 – Vendor ID 126), en we gebruiken legitiem belang als onze basis voor gegevensverzameling voor de volgende doeleinden:
Zorgen voor beveiliging, voorkomen en detecteren van fraude en oplossen van fouten (Speciaal Doel 1)
Reclame en inhoud leveren en presenteren (Speciaal Doel 2)
Privacykeuzes opslaan en communiceren (Speciaal Doel 3)
Advertentieprestaties meten (Doel 7)
Diensten ontwikkelen en verbeteren (Doel 10)
In beperkte scenario’s kan de entiteit die verantwoordelijk is voor het IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework op het terrein waar DoubleVerify Solutions actief is, onze Geo-verificatie onderwerpen aan toestemming. In deze zeer beperkte gevallen is toestemming van toepassing op:
Het gebruik van beperkte gegevens om reclame te selecteren (Doel 2)
Advertentieprestaties meten (Doel 7)
Diensten ontwikkelen en verbeteren (Doel 10)
3. Welke gegevens verzamelen wij en voor welke doeleinden?
DoubleVerify verzamelt en gebruikt bepaalde categorieën Persoonsgegevens en Technische Informatie voor het uitvoeren van haar zakelijke doeleinden van het verstrekken, onderhouden en verbeteren van haar Oplossingen. De categorieën Persoonsgegevens en Technische Informatie die via de Oplossingen van DoubleVerify worden verwerkt, worden hieronder uiteengezet. Voor zover Persoonsgegevens nodig zijn voor de werking van een of meer functies van een Oplossing van DoubleVerify, zullen deze Persoonsgegevens uitsluitend worden gebruikt voor de hieronder beschreven specifieke doeleinden, tenzij anderszins bij wet vereist. Daarnaast kan het in sommige omstandigheden noodzakelijk zijn om de Persoonsgegevens te verwerken in combinatie met bepaalde Technische Informatie om de Oplossingen van DoubleVerify goed te laten functioneren. In dergelijke scenario’s worden de gecombineerde gegevens beschouwd als Persoonsgegevens en dienovereenkomstig beschermd. Wij combineren, analyseren of verrijken de door ons verwerkte Persoonsgegevens en Technische Informatie nooit met aanvullende informatie met het doel de Eindgebruikers te identificeren. We traceren u of uw online activiteiten nooit over apps en websites heen of in de loop van de tijd, we maken geen gebruik van persistente technologieën zoals cookies van derden en we maken nooit profielen of publieksgroepen aan om individuen te targeten.
Categorieën van Technische Informatie die wordt verzameld en gebruikt om de Oplossingen van DoubleVerify aan te drijven:
Kenmerken van de reclamecampagne – De identifier van de adverteerder die een advertentie levert, de campagne- en plaatsingsidentifiers, de identifiers van het mediakanaal dat de inventaris verkoopt aan de adverteerder of een intermediair advertentieplatform worden verzameld en verwerkt om de Klant die wij bedienen te identificeren, om de juiste instellingen voor de Klant toe te passen, om de rapporten van de Klant te segmenteren op basis van deze identifiers en om de Klant te factureren.
Kenmerken van webinhoud – Het webadres (URL) van de pagina/frame waar de advertentie wordt geleverd en het adres van eventuele verwijzende pagina’s/frames worden verzameld om ervoor te zorgen dat de advertenties worden geleverd in de juiste context die onze Klant heeft ingesteld in de profielinstellingen in ons systeem.
Kenmerken van de mobiele applicatie – De naam van de mobiele applicatie, identifier van de mobiele applicatie, app store, ontwikkelaar van de applicatie, sterrenwaardering van de applicatie, leeftijdsclassificatie van de applicatie en andere openbaar beschikbare informatie over de mobiele applicatie waar de advertentie op wordt geleverd. Deze informatie wordt gebruikt om ervoor te zorgen dat de advertenties worden geleverd in de juiste context die onze Klant heeft ingesteld in de profielinstellingen in ons systeem.
Kenmerken van de digitale omgeving – Het type aangesloten apparaat waarop de advertentie wordt geleverd: mobiel, desktop, aangesloten TV of ander apparaat, het browsertype en de versie die wordt gebruikt om de pagina te renderen waarop de advertentie verschijnt en het besturingssysteem worden verzameld om te bepalen welke versie van onze code goed zou werken in die omgeving en om goed te kunnen meten of de advertentie de kans heeft gehad om zichtbaar te worden op het scherm volgens de industrienormen die variëren tussen omgevingen.
Kenmerken van de zichtbaarheid – De plaats van de advertentie op de pagina, de grootte van de advertentie, de grootte van het scherm, de grootte van de viewport, de status van de tabfocus, de status van de browserfocus, de tijd dat de advertentie zich in het zichtbare deel van de webpagina bevond en de scrollpositie van de webpagina worden verzameld om te bepalen en aan onze Klanten te melden of de advertentie de kans heeft gehad om op het scherm zichtbaar te worden.
Kenmerken van blootstelling en betrokkenheid – Gegevens die aangeven of er op de advertentie is geklikt, geswiped, getikt of aangeraakt, het formaat is gewijzigd, de advertentie is overgeslagen, gedempt, gepauzeerd, gedraaid, gehoverd of het volume is gewijzigd, worden verzameld om onze Klanten te helpen de prestaties van de advertentie, de reclamecampagne of het mediakanaal te meten.
Categorieën van gegevens die worden verzameld en gebruikt om Fraudebestrijding te ondersteunen:
Pseudonieme identifiers van elektronische aanwezigheid en apparaten – d.w.z. IP-adres, user agent string of afgeleiden van deze twee waarden – worden gebruikt om na te gaan of de online aanwezigheid of het apparaat deelneemt aan of geassocieerd is met een frauduleuze constructie.
Categorieën van gegevens die worden verzameld en gebruikt om Geo-verificatie te ondersteunen:
Pseudonieme identifiers van elektronische aanwezigheid en apparaten – IP-adressen – worden verzameld om de geografische locatie te bepalen waarmee zij geassocieerd zijn. Elk IP-adres is gekoppeld aan een land, en binnen de Verenigde Staten kan het gekoppeld zijn aan meer specifieke informatie, tot aan de postcode toe. Uw exacte geolocatie-informatie wordt nooit verzameld.
In beperkte omstandigheden kan DoubleVerify door sommige van haar Klanten, bijvoorbeeld Klanten die als “walled garden(s)” opereren, worden verzocht aanvullende Persoonsgegevens te verwerken om haar Oplossingen mogelijk te maken. Dergelijke aanvullende Persoonsgegevens kunnen betrekking hebben op Eindgebruikers, op individuen die accounts aanmaken binnen dergelijke “walled gardens” of op individuen die inhoud creëren die binnen dergelijke “walled garden”-omgevingen wordt gepubliceerd. Voor zover DoubleVerify door een van haar Klanten die als “walled gardens” opereren, wordt verzocht aanvullende Persoonsgegevens te verwerken om bepaalde Oplossingen mogelijk te maken, zal DoubleVerify deze Persoonsgegevens uitsluitend verwerken om aan haar verplichtingen jegens de Klant te voldoen en strikt in overeenstemming met de instructies van de Klant, zoals vereist om de Oplossingen te exploiteren, te onderhouden en, indien van toepassing, te verbeteren. Wij werken nauw samen met deze Klanten om ervoor te zorgen dat de verwerkte Persoonsgegevens beperkt blijven tot de Persoonsgegevens die nodig zijn om deze doeleinden te bereiken. Onder beperkte omstandigheden kan onze interactie met “walled gardens” incidenteel tot de ontvangst van persoonsgegevens leiden. DoubleVerify werkt er hard aan om toezicht te houden op dergelijke gevallen om ervoor te zorgen dat de betreffende persoonsgegevens na ontvangst niet worden verwerkt, behalve om ze veilig uit onze systemen te verwijderen. Aangezien in deze scenario’s de specifieke categorieën van Persoonsgegevens afhankelijk zijn van de aangepaste integratie en beslissingen van de Klant, en variëren van Klant tot Klant, raden wij u aan, indien u verdere vragen heeft, contact op te nemen met de individuele Klant of de documentatie over privacy te raadplegen die deze beschikbaar stelt op haar kanalen.
De Oplossingen zijn niet bedoeld voor of gericht op de verwerking van Persoonsgegevens van kinderen. Wij verzamelen niet bewust Persoonsgegevens van kinderen, zoals deze term van tijd tot tijd in de toepasselijke wetgeving wordt gedefinieerd. Indien u een ouder of voogd bent en denkt dat de Persoonsgegevens van uw kind mogelijk via de Oplossingen zijn verwerkt, neem dan contact met ons op door gebruik te maken van de informatie in Sectie 13, “
Hoe contact opnemen met DoubleVerify
” hieronder en wij zullen stappen ondernemen om hun Persoonsgegevens op veilige wijze uit onze systemen te verwijderen.
4. Hoe gebruiken wij de door ons verzamelde gegevens?
DoubleVerify gebruikt de verzamelde Technische Informatie en Persoonsgegevens alleen voor de doeleinden zoals beschreven in Sectie 3, “
Welke gegevens verzamelen wij en voor welke doeleinden?
“, van deze Privacykennisgeving voor Oplossingen. In het algemeen worden de Technische Informatie en uw Persoonsgegevens verwerkt om rapporten, dashboards, feedback en inzichten (“
Rapportage
“) te verstrekken aan onze Klanten. DV-Rapportage, in elk formaat, wordt geanonimiseerd en geaggregeerd, of, voor zover informatie op impressieniveau vereist is, wordt elke impressie gede-identificeerd om te verzekeren dat Persoonsgegevens van Eindgebruikers nooit worden gedeeld met Klanten. Niettegenstaande het voorgaande kan de rapportage voor Klanten die opereren als “walled gardens” (bijvoorbeeld sociale media bedrijven) en andere Klanten die vertrouwen op dergelijke rapportage (bijvoorbeeld bedrijven die adverteren op sociale media feeds) informatie bevatten van individuen die accounts aanmaken binnen dergelijke “walled gardens” of individuen die inhoud creëren die gepubliceerd wordt binnen dergelijke “walled garden”-omgevingen. Deze Sectie geeft aanvullend inzicht in hoe de Technische Informatie en uw Persoonsgegevens worden verwerkt om de zakelijke doeleinden te bereiken die zijn gespecificeerd in Sectie 3 van deze Privacykennisgeving voor Oplossingen.
DoubleVerify gebruikt de Technische Informatie die via de Oplossingen wordt verzameld, zoals gespecificeerd in Sectie 3.1, op de volgende manieren:
Om de context waarin advertenties worden weergegeven, hun kwaliteit, authenticiteit en prestaties te analyseren en erover te rapporteren. In het bijzonder informatie die aantoont of een advertentie die wordt weergegeven in overeenstemming is met de vooraf ingestelde wettelijke en plaatsingseisen van een Klant, evenals voorkeursinstellingen die de Klant in ons systeem heeft ingesteld.
Om inzicht te verschaffen en anticiperende beslissingen te nemen over impressiemogelijkheden. De technologie van DoubleVerify analyseert de gegevenskenmerken van een impressiemogelijkheid en bepaalt of de advertentie van de Klant al dan niet moet worden weergegeven, bijvoorbeeld door vast te stellen dat de omliggende inhoud niet overeenstemt met de branding en de voorkeuren van die Klant.
Om Fraudebestrijding aan te drijven, gebruikt DoubleVerify de Technische Informatie en Persoonsgegevens die via de Oplossingen worden verzameld, zoals gespecificeerd in Sectie 3.1 en 3.2, om:
Specifieke advertentie-impressies te beoordelen en te identificeren die frauduleus zijn omdat ze worden gegenereerd door bot-gestuurde, niet-menselijke browsers.
Ongeldig verkeer te beoordelen en te identificeren, zoals verkeer dat wordt gegenereerd door advertentie-injectoren, verkeer dat afkomstig is uit datacentra, verkeerd voorgesteld verkeer, geëmuleerd verkeer en andere vormen van ongeldig verkeer.
Websites, apps voor mobiele en aangesloten apparaten, en mediakanalen te analyseren en identificeren die frauduleus verkeer hebben en/of frauduleuze reclame-impressies genereren.
Verkeerspatronen te identificeren op websites die deelnemen aan frauduleuze reclameactiviteiten.
Onderscheid te maken tussen verkeer dat wordt gegenereerd door bot-gestuurde, niet-menselijke browsers en menselijke browsers.
Te bepalen of de geanalyseerde advertenties voldoen aan de toepasselijke wettelijke vereisten en de door onze Klanten vastgestelde voorkeuren.
Vast te stellen of een middleware een verkeerde voorstelling probeert te geven van zijn werkingskenmerken om de identificatie van fraude of ander ongeldig verkeer te voorkomen.
Te bepalen of websiteverkeer of advertentie-impressies afkomstig zijn van een serverpark in plaats van door mensen gegenereerde browse-activiteit.
Vast te stellen of verkeer wordt verkregen via frauduleuze praktijken of via andere praktijken van verkeerwerving die niet in overeenstemming zijn met de richtlijnen of voorkeuren van een Klant.
Om registers aan te leggen van IP-adressen en user-agent-strings die geassocieerd worden met frauduleuze constructies en niet door mensen gegenereerd verkeer (“Fraudetabellen”). Omdat dergelijke gegevenspunten verband houden met niet-menselijke interacties, vormen zij geen Persoonsgegevens.
Om Geo-verificatie aan te drijven, gebruikt DoubleVerify de Technische Informatie en Persoonsgegevens die via de Oplossingen worden verzameld, zoals gespecificeerd in Sectie 3.3, om:
Op hoog niveau (land, staat, regio, of, voor inwoners van de VS, postcode) de geografische locatie van de Eindgebruiker te bepalen en na te gaan of de Eindgebruiker zich binnen de campagne- of verkeersinstellingen van de Klant bevindt.
Voor zover DoubleVerify door een van haar Klanten die als “walled gardens” opereren, wordt verzocht aanvullende Persoonsgegevens te verwerken om bepaalde Oplossingen mogelijk te maken, zal DoubleVerify deze Persoonsgegevens uitsluitend verwerken om aan haar verplichtingen jegens de Klant te voldoen en strikt in overeenstemming met de instructies van de Klant, zoals vereist om de Oplossingen te exploiteren, te onderhouden en, indien van toepassing, te verbeteren. Als u vragen hebt, raden wij u aan contact op te nemen met de individuele Klant of de privacydocumentatie te bekijken die zij op hun kanalen beschikbaar stellen.
5. Hoe en aan wie geven we gegevens vrij?
DoubleVerify geeft geen Persoonsgegevens vrij aan derden, tenzij strikt noodzakelijk voor onze zakelijke doeleinden om onze Oplossingen te exploiteren, te onderhouden en te verbeteren. Voor zover wij Persoonsgegevens vrijwillig delen, zorgen wij ervoor dat deze door de ontvangers worden beschermd op een wijze die in overeenstemming is met ons eigen beleid en onze eigen normen.
Wij kunnen uw Persoonsgegevens delen met:
Dienstverleners – bedrijven die wij hebben gecontracteerd om ons diensten te verlenen, zoals IT- en systeembeheer, infrastructuur en hostingdiensten, onderzoek en analyse, ondersteuning en kwaliteitsborging, beveiliging en andere diensten, voor de doeleinden en op grond van de hierboven beschreven rechtsgrondslag. U kunt een lijst opvragen van onze Dienstverleners, welke Persoonsgegevens zij ontvangen en voor welke doeleinden door contact met ons op te nemen. De contactgegevens vindt u in Sectie 13 “
Hoe contact opnemen met DoubleVerify
” van deze Privacykennisgeving voor Oplossingen.
Gelieerde Ondernemingen – zoals een moedermaatschappij, zusterondernemingen, dochterondernemingen, joint ventures of andere ondernemingen onder gemeenschappelijke zeggenschap, voor zover noodzakelijk om onze Oplossingen te exploiteren, te onderhouden en te verbeteren. U kunt een lijst opvragen van onze Gelieerde Ondernemingen, welke Persoonsgegevens zij ontvangen en voor welke doeleinden door contact met ons op te nemen. De contactgegevens vindt u in Sectie 13 “
Hoe contact opnemen met DoubleVerify
” van deze Privacykennisgeving voor Oplossingen.
Door onze Klanten ingeschakelde Derden – ter ondersteuning van onze Klanten kunnen wij onze Oplossingen integreren met andere door onze Klanten ingeschakelde tools en diensten om verbeterde diensten en rapportagemogelijkheden te leveren. In geen geval ontvangen wij gegevens van deze integraties die DoubleVerify in staat stellen onze gegevens te verrijken en Eindgebruikers te identificeren. In beperkte scenario’s kunnen wij informatie op impressieniveau delen met bedrijven die door onze Klanten worden ingeschakeld om onderzoek te doen naar de doeltreffendheid van marketing. In beperkte omstandigheden kunnen onze Klanten ons opdragen om bepaalde Persoonsgegevens te delen die nodig zijn om functionaliteit van een product of dienst die niet door DoubleVerify wordt beheerd mogelijk te maken.
Derden betrokken bij een Bedrijfstransactie – in het geval dat DoubleVerify wordt overgenomen door of fuseert met een ander bedrijf, of in het geval van een reorganisatie, ontbinding of andere fundamentele bedrijfswijziging.
Wij kunnen wettelijk verplicht zijn om uw Persoonsgegevens bekend te maken:
(a) Indien een overheidsinstantie, rechtbank, rechtshandhavingsinstantie of regelgevende instantie dergelijke bekendmaking eist (bijvoorbeeld als onderdeel van een lopend onderzoek, dagvaarding, soortgelijk juridisch proces of procedure);
(b) Zoals anders vereist krachtens enige toepasselijke wet, voorschrift of regel; en
(c) Indien wij te goeder trouw van mening zijn dat een dergelijke bekendmaking noodzakelijk is om onze rechten of de rechten van anderen te beschermen of te verdedigen, om mee te werken aan een onderzoek of om illegale activiteiten te voorkomen.
Fraudetabellen en andere rapporten, data feeds, API’s en dashboards met betrekking tot Fraudebestrijding die geen Persoonsgegevens bevatten, kunnen worden gedeeld met of beschikbaar worden gesteld aan Klanten en andere derden, waaronder bijvoorbeeld brancheorganisaties, voor zover dit noodzakelijk is voor DoubleVerify voor het uitvoeren van de zakelijke doeleinden van het verstrekken, onderhouden en verbeteren van het Fraudebestrijdingsgedeelte van onze Oplossingen en het bestrijden van advertentiefraude.
Wij delen uw Persoonsgegevens niet met onze Klanten. Alle rapporten en analyses die wij via ons Rapportageportaal aan Klanten beschikbaar stellen zijn anoniem, wat betekent dat zij geen Persoonsgegevens bevatten. De rapporten zijn over het algemeen geaggregeerd, maar in beperkte omstandigheden worden rapporten op impressieniveau verstrekt aan onze Klanten, via FTP-eindpunten of API’s, op voorwaarde dat dergelijke rapporten geen Persoonsgegevens bevatten. Wij kunnen Technische Informatie, die anoniem is, in geaggregeerde vorm of in onbewerkte vorm, delen met derden als wij dat nodig achten voor de uitvoering van onze zakelijke doeleinden van het verstrekken, onderhouden en verbeteren van de Oplossingen. Daarnaast kunnen wij anonieme of gede-identificeerde gegevens op geaggregeerde basis delen in het kader van onze normale bedrijfsvoering, bijvoorbeeld om casestudy’s en rapporten te publiceren om trends te laten zien over de voordelen en prestaties van onze Oplossingen.
Voor alle duidelijkheid: DoubleVerify geeft geen Persoonsgegevens vrij aan entiteiten die opereren als een “bedrijf” of een “derde partij” onder wetten zoals de CCPA.
6. Hoelang bewaren we Persoonsgegevens?
DoubleVerify bewaart Persoonsgegevens die via haar Oplossingen zijn verwerkt slechts zolang als nodig is om de in deze Privacykennisgeving voor Oplossingen uiteengezette doeleinden te verwezenlijken, en in geen geval langer dan vijfenveertig (45) dagen. Na het verstrijken van deze periode worden de Persoonsgegevens veilig verwijderd uit de systemen van DoubleVerify.
Fraudetabellen kunnen voor onbepaalde tijd worden bewaard om de goede werking van de Oplossing voor Fraudebestrijding te verzekeren.
Technische Informatie, aangezien deze anoniem van aard is, kan voor onbepaalde tijd door DoubleVerify worden bewaard of zo lang als anders bepaald in het beleid van DoubleVerify en toegestaan door de toepasselijke wetgeving en de overeenkomsten van DoubleVerify met haar Klanten.
7. Hoe worden Persoonsgegevens beveiligd?
DoubleVerify heeft passende technische, fysieke en organisatorische maatregelen genomen om Persoonsgegevens te beschermen tegen onopzettelijke of onrechtmatige vernietiging of onopzettelijk verlies, beschadiging, wijziging, ongeoorloofde openbaarmaking of toegang, alsmede tegen alle andere vormen van onrechtmatige verwerking. Hoewel wij algemeen aanvaarde normen en beste praktijken volgen om Persoonsgegevens te beschermen, is geen enkele methode van opslag of transmissie 100% veilig. Wij werken echter voortdurend aan de verbetering van onze veiligheidsmaatregelen en de beveiliging van uw Persoonsgegevens.
8. Hoe worden Persoonsgegevens internationaal overgedragen?
U dient zich ervan bewust te zijn dat de door ons verzamelde Persoonsgegevens kunnen worden overgedragen aan en bewaard op servers of databases die zich buiten uw staat, provincie, land of ander rechtsgebied bevinden. Hoewel uw Persoonsgegevens via een lokaal tijdelijk datacentrum kunnen worden verzonden om ervoor te zorgen dat de Oplossingen efficiënt en responsief zijn, slaat DoubleVerify alle via de Oplossingen verzamelde Persoonsgegevens uiteindelijk op in de Verenigde Staten. Als wereldwijd bedrijf hebben wij kantoren in de Verenigde Staten, het Verenigd Koninkrijk, Frankrijk, België, Finland, Duitsland, Israël, Canada, Mexico, Brazilië, Japan, India, Singapore en Australië. Onze werknemers op deze locaties kunnen toegang nodig hebben tot uw Persoonsgegevens om onze Oplossingen te ondersteunen. Het niveau van gegevensbescherming op sommige van deze locaties, zoals in de Verenigde Staten, kan lager zijn dan in de Europese Unie of andere rechtsgebieden die strenge privacywetten en -voorschriften hebben ingevoerd.
Wij nemen maatregelen om ervoor te zorgen dat uw Persoonsgegevens veilig bij ons worden opgeslagen, waarbij wordt voldaan aan de wettelijke privacy- en beveiligingsvereisten die aan bedrijven in de Europese Unie worden gesteld. Wij zorgen er ook voor dat elke andere ontvanger van uw Persoonsgegevens een passend niveau van bescherming en beveiliging biedt, bijvoorbeeld door het sluiten van de passende back-to-back overeenkomsten en, indien vereist, modelcontractbepalingen of een alternatief mechanisme voor de overdracht van gegevens zoals goedgekeurd door de Europese Commissie of andere toepasselijke regelgevende instantie. De in deze Privacykennisgeving beschreven privacypraktijken van DoubleVerify voldoen aan het APEC Cross Border Privacy Rules (CBPR) systeem en het Privacy Recognition for Processors (PRP) systeem. Het APEC CBPR-systeem en het APEC PRP-systeem bieden organisaties een kader om de bescherming te waarborgen van persoonsgegevens die tussen deelnemende landen van de APEC worden uitgewisseld. Meer informatie over de APEC-kaders is
hier
te vinden. Indien u vragen heeft over waar wij Persoonsgegevens opslaan, kunt u contact met ons opnemen zoals beschreven in Sectie 13 “
Hoe contact opnemen met DoubleVerify
” van deze Wereldwijde Privacykennisgeving.
Daarnaast voldoen DoubleVerify Inc. en zijn dochterondernemingen Outrigger Media, Inc. d/b/a OpenSlate, Scibids Technology Inc., Zentrick Inc. (“DoubleVerify”), aan het EU-VS Kader voor gegevensbescherming (EU-VS DPF), de Britse uitbreiding naar de EU-VS DPF en het Zwitsers-Amerikaanse Kader voor gegevensbescherming (Zwitserland-VS DPF) zoals uiteengezet door het Amerikaanse Ministerie van Handel. DoubleVerify heeft aan de Amerikaanse Kamer van Koophandel verklaard zich te houden aan de beginselen van het EUS-VS kader voor gegevensbescherming (EU-VS DPF-beginselen) met betrekking tot de verwerking van persoonsgegevens die van de Europese Unie zijn ontvangen op basis van de EU-VS. DPF en uit het Verenigd Koninkrijk (en Gibraltar) onder de VK-uitbreiding naar de EU-VS DPF. DoubleVerify heeft aan de Amerikaanse Kamer van Koophandel verklaard dat het zich houdt aan de beginselen van het Zwitsers-Amerikaanse kader voor gegevensbescherming (Zwitserland-VS DPF-beginselen) met betrekking tot de verwerking van persoonsgegevens die uit Zwitserland zijn ontvangen op basis van de Zwitsers-Amerikaanse DPF.  Als er een conflict is tussen de bepalingen in dit privacybeleid en de EU-VS DPF-beginselen en/of de Zwitsers-Amerikaanse DPF-beginselen, zullen de Beginselen van toepassing zijn.  Ga voor meer informatie over het Data Privacy Framework (DPF)-programma en om onze certificering te bekijken naar https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/.
DoubleVerify is verantwoordelijk voor de verwerking van persoonsgegevens die het ontvangt, onder de DPF, en vervolgens overdraagt aan een derde partij die namens de DPF optreedt als agent.  DoubleVerify voldoet aan de DPF-beginselen voor alle verdere overdrachten van persoonsgegevens uit de EU, het VK en Zwitserland, inclusief de aansprakelijkheidsbepalingen voor verdere overdracht.
De Federal Trade Commission heeft bevoegdheid inzake de naleving door DoubleVerify van de EU-VS. DPF, de Britse uitbreiding naar de EU-VS. DPF en de Zwitsers-Amerikaanse DPF. In bepaalde situaties kan DoubleVerify worden verplicht om persoonsgegevens openbaar te maken als gevolg van wettelijke verzoeken van overheidsinstanties, onder meer om te voldoen aan nationale veiligheids- of wetshandhavingsvereisten.
In overeenstemming met de EU-VS DPF, de Britse uitbreiding op de EU-VS DPF, en de Zwitsers-Amerikaanse DPF, verplicht DoubleVerify zich om onopgeloste klachten over onze verwerking van persoonsgegevens die we hebben ontvangen op basis van de EU-VS. DPF, de Britse uitbreiding op de EU-VS DPF, en de Zwitsers-Amerikaanse DPF door te verwijzen naar TRUSTe, een aanbieder van alternatieve geschillenbeslechting gevestigd in de Verenigde Staten.  Als u geen tijdige bevestiging van uw klacht met betrekking tot de DPF-beginselen van ons ontvangt, of als we uw klacht met betrekking tot de DPF-beginselen niet naar uw tevredenheid hebben afgehandeld, ga dan naar https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request voor meer informatie of om een klacht in te dienen.  Deze diensten voor geschillenbeslechting worden u kosteloos aangeboden.
Voor klachten met betrekking tot DPF-naleving die niet zijn opgelost door een van de andere DPF-mechanismen, hebt u de mogelijkheid om onder bepaalde voorwaarden een beroep te doen op bindende arbitrage. Meer informatie is te vinden op de officiële DPF-website.
9. Wat zijn uw rechten?
Eindgebruikers in bepaalde rechtsgebieden kunnen rechten hebben op grond waarvan zij verzoeken kunnen indienen in verband met hun Persoonsgegevens. In de meeste rechtsgebieden hebben Eindgebruikers ook het recht om geïnformeerd te worden over de wijze waarop Persoonsgegevens worden verzameld, gebruikt en met wie zij eventueel worden gedeeld of bekendgemaakt, alsmede voor welke doeleinden. De Privacykennisgeving voor Oplossingen van DoubleVerify is bedoeld om aan dergelijke vereisten te voldoen, maar als u aanvullende vragen heeft of beter wilt begrijpen hoe uw Persoonsgegevens kunnen zijn verzameld, gebruikt of met wie ze kunnen zijn gedeeld of bekendgemaakt, en waarom, neem dan contact met ons op met behulp van Sectie 13 “
Hoe contact opnemen met DoubleVerify
” hieronder.
Inwoners van onder andere de Europese Economische Ruimte, het Verenigd Koninkrijk, Zwitserland of Californië hebben verschillende rechten onder de toepasselijke privacywet- en regelgeving, zoals onder de AVG en de CCPA. Om deze rechten uit te oefenen, kunt u
dit Formulier
gebruiken of contact met ons opnemen met behulp van Sectie 13 “
Hoe contact opnemen met DoubleVerify
” hieronder. In overeenstemming met bepaalde wet- en regelgeving, zoals de CCPA, kunt u ook een gemachtigde aanwijzen om namens u een verzoek in te dienen of een recht uit te oefenen. Wij zullen u niet discrimineren of vergeldingsmaatregelen tegen u nemen omdat u uw rechten heeft uitgeoefend.
Deze rechten zijn:
Het recht op toegang tot alle Persoonsgegevens die wij over u bewaren, met inbegrip van informatie over de categorieën en de specifieke Persoonsgegevens.
Het recht om eventuele onjuiste Persoonsgegevens die wij over u hebben, te corrigeren. Gezien de aard van de Persoonsgegevens die wij verzamelen en de wijze waarop wij die verzamelen, is het hoogst onwaarschijnlijk dat wij over Persoonsgegevens beschikken die onnauwkeurig zijn of die zouden voldoen aan de omstandigheden die een correctie vereisen.
Het recht om te verzoeken dat DoubleVerify alle Persoonsgegevens die wij over u hebben, verwijdert.
Het recht om te verzoeken dat de verwerking van uw Persoonsgegevens voor een bepaalde periode wordt opgeschort of beperkt, bijvoorbeeld terwijl u nagaat of u nog andere rechten heeft die u zou willen uitoefenen.
Voor zover uw Persoonsgegevens worden verwerkt op basis van een rechtmatig belang, heeft u het recht om bezwaar te maken tegen een dergelijke verwerking.
Voor zover uw Persoonsgegevens worden verwerkt op basis van uw toestemming, heeft u het recht om dergelijke toestemming in te trekken via het IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework.
Voor zover mogelijk voldoen wij aan alle verzoeken met betrekking tot een Eindgebruiker, mits wij de Eindgebruiker kunnen koppelen aan Persoonsgegevens die wij in onze systemen hebben. In bepaalde omstandigheden kunnen wij echter genoodzaakt zijn uw identiteit te verifiëren om aan een verzoek te voldoen. Om uw identiteit te verifiëren of de strekking van uw verzoek te begrijpen, kan het nodig zijn dat wij aanvullende informatie over u vragen. U bent niet verplicht een account bij ons aan te maken om een verzoek in te dienen of te laten uitvoeren. U dient een e-mailadres op te geven zodat wij met u kunnen communiceren en uw verzoek kunnen ondersteunen, alsmede alle informatie die wij nodig kunnen hebben om na te gaan of wij Persoonsgegevens over u in ons bezit hebben. Het is mogelijk dat wij door omstandigheden niet aan uw verzoek kunnen voldoen. Indien wij niet aan uw verzoek kunnen voldoen, zullen wij u uitleggen waarom. Voor zover wij geen Persoonsgegevens over u hebben, zullen wij u dat laten weten. Wij doen ons uiterste best om zo snel als redelijkerwijs mogelijk is te reageren op alle vragen en verzoeken, maar wij verzoeken u ons tot dertig (30) dagen de tijd te geven om te reageren.
Voor zover DoubleVerify optreedt als een “verwerker”, “opdrachtnemer” of “dienstverlener”, zoals gedefinieerd in de toepasselijke wetgeving, kan het zijn dat u uw verzoeken om uw rechten uit te oefenen moet richten aan de betreffende Klant die optreedt als de “verwerkingsverantwoordelijke” of als het “bedrijf”.
10. Bijkomende bekendmakingen
Bepaalde privacywetten en -voorschriften, zoals de CCPA, vereisen dat bedrijven bekendmaken of zij Persoonsgegevens verkopen. DoubleVerify onthult geen Persoonsgegevens op een manier die een “verkoop” of “verdeling” zou vormen volgens de wetten van Californië, Virginia, Nevada of vergelijkbare wetgeving.
11. Maakt DoubleVerify gebruik van kunstmatige intelligentie?
DoubleVerify gebruikt kunstmatige intelligentie (“AI”) in verschillende hoedanigheden en op verschillende manieren binnen de hele organisatie. Hoewel DoubleVerify gebruik maakt van AI-technologieën, houden we ons niet bezig met “geautomatiseerde besluitvorming” als gedefinieerd door de toepasselijke privacywet- en regelgeving.
12. Toepasselijk recht
Voor zover van toepassing en toegestaan door de toepasselijke wet- en regelgeving, wordt deze Privacykennisgeving voor Oplossingen beheerst door en geïnterpreteerd in overeenstemming met de interne wetten van de staat Delaware, en de jurisdictie en de bevoegde rechtbank voor eventuele geschillen zullen in Delaware zijn.
13. Werken we deze Privacyverklaring voor Oplossingen bij?
Wij kunnen deze Privacykennisgeving voor Oplossingen van tijd tot tijd bijwerken om wijzigingen in onze Oplossingen, praktijken, beleidslijnen of andere interne of externe wijzigingen weer te geven, alsook om te voldoen aan nieuwe wettelijke vereisten. Alle wijzigingen zullen worden gepubliceerd zodra zij van kracht worden. Als wij wijzigingen aanbrengen, zullen wij de “ingangsdatum” die bovenaan deze Privacykennisgeving voor Oplossingen wordt vermeld, bijwerken zodat u weet wanneer wijzigingen zijn aangebracht. Om op de hoogte te blijven van dergelijke wijzigingen, raden wij u aan deze Privacykennisgeving voor Oplossingen regelmatig opnieuw te raadplegen.  Elke vertaling van deze Privacykennisgeving voor Oplossingen is uitsluitend bedoeld om uw toegang tot deze informatie te vergemakkelijken. De Engelse versie is de enige officiële versie van deze Privacykennisgeving voor Oplossingen en eventuele onnauwkeurigheden of discrepanties in de vertaling zijn niet bindend en hebben geen rechtsgevolgen voor nalevings- of handhavingsdoeleinden.
14. Hoe kunt u contact opnemen met DoubleVerify?
Als u vragen, zorgen of opmerkingen heeft over deze Privacykennisgeving voor Oplossingen, of als u van mening bent dat uw Persoonsgegevens werden gebruikt op een manier die niet in overeenstemming is met de Privacykennisgeving of met uw keuzes, kunt u contact opnemen met ons Privacyteam op:
Contactgegevens Privacy Officer / Data Protection Officer (Functionaris voor Gegevensbescherming) (Privacyteam)
DoubleVerify Inc.
462 Broadway
New York, NY 10013
privacy-policy@doubleverify.com
Indien u een onopgeloste bezorgdheid inzake privacy of gegevensgebruik heeft die wij niet op bevredigende wijze hebben opgelost, neem dan (gratis) contact op met onze in de VS gevestigde externe leverancier voor geschillenbeslechting op
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
. Wij streven naar een billijke oplossing voor elke klacht of bezorgdheid die u zou kunnen hebben over uw privacy of deze Privacykennisgeving voor Oplossingen. Indien u echter van mening bent dat wij u niet hebben kunnen helpen, beperkt niets in deze Privacykennisgeving voor Oplossingen uw rechten onder de toepasselijke wetgeving, met inbegrip van uw mogelijkheid om, afhankelijk van het land waar u woont, een klacht in te dienen bij uw lokale gegevensbeschermingsautoriteit of een andere instantie met jurisdictie over privacygerelateerde zaken.
Jõustumiskuupäev: 28. juuni 2024
Ülevaade
DoubleVerify Inc. („
DoubleVerify
“ või „
meie
“ sobivas käändes) koos ülemaailmsete tütarettevõtjatega on oma tegevusalal juhtiv digireklaamide läbipaistvust ja vastutustundlikkust pakkuv ettevõte. DoubleVerify kasutab mitmesuguseid tehnoloogiaid teabe kogumiseks digireklaami, veebisaidi külastatavuse, mobiilirakenduse kasutatavuse ja internetiühendusega seadmete kasutamise kohta. Ettevõte reklaamib läbipaistvuse ja vastutustundlikkusega seotud tooteid ja lahendusi (ühiselt nimetatud „
lahendused
“). Käesolev privaatsusteatis (,,
Lahenduste
privaatsusteatis
”) selgitab, kes me oleme, kuidas me kogume, kasutame ja jagame isikuandmeid lahenduste kaudu, samuti seda, kuidas te võite oma privaatsusõigusi kasutada.
Kui soovite lisateavet, kuidas DoubleVerify töötleb avalikelt veebisaitidelt kogutud teavet, külastage meie
veebisaite ja turundust käsitlevat privaatsusteatist
.
Kui kasutate DoubleVerify lahendusi ja soovite lisateavet, kuidas DoubleVerify meie teatamisvahendite kaudu isikuandmeid töötleb, külastage meie
sellekohast privaatsusteatist
.
Kiirlingid
Täieliku informeerituse tagamiseks soovitame teil lugeda  lahenduste privaatsusteatist. Jagasime lahenduste privaatsusteatise järgmisteks osadeks, et teil oleks konkreetseid punkte lihtsam leida ja läbi vaadata.
Mis ettevõte on DoubleVerify?
Milline on meie roll, eesmärgid ja andmete töötlemise õiguslik alus?
Milliseid andmeid me kogume ja millistel eesmärkidel?
Kuidas me kogutud andmeid kasutame?
Kellele ja kuidas me andmeid avaldame?
Kui kaua me isikuandmeid hoiame?
Kuidas on korraldatud isikuandmete turvalisus?
Kuidas isikuandmeid rahvusvaheliselt edastatakse?
Millised on teie õigused?
Andmete täiendav avalikustamine
Kas DoubleVerify kasutab tehisintellekti?
Ülimuslik õigus
Kas me peame käesolevat lahenduste privaatsusteatist uuendama?
Kuidas DoubleVerify’ga ühendust võtta?
1. Mis ettevõte on DoubleVerify?
DoubleVerify akrediteeritud platvormid võimaldavad teha sõltumatuid digimeedia hindamisi, pakkuda reklaamide näitamise ja veebisaitide külastatavuse andmeid ja analüüse, et aidata reklaamijatel ja reklaamiruumi müüjatel (ühiselt nimetatud „
kliendid
“) kinnitada edastamisandmete täpsust, sealhulgas kaubamärgi ohutust, vaadatavuse mõõtmisandmeid, konteksti ja keskkonna parameetreid (näiteks millisele veebisaidile reklaam ilmub ja kus see veebilehel ilmub), reklaami näitamise ja veebisaidi külastatavuse kvaliteediandmeid ning esitada soovitusi, mis võimaldavad meie klientidel teha informeeritud otsuseid oma loovreklaami ja kaubamärgi paigutamiseks.
Oleme kindlad, et peame tugevalt kaitsma kõigi füüsiliste isikute privaatsust, kelle andmeid me võime erinevate ülesannete täitmisel töödelda – sest peame privaatsust põhiõiguseks, mis ei tohi sõltuda teie elukohast. Selle põhimõtte järgimiseks käsitleme kõiki tuvastatud või tuvastatava füüsilise isikuga seotud või seostatud andmeid „isikuandmeteks“ olenemata selle isiku asukohast.  Meie lahendustes piirduvad kõik DoubleVerify kogutavad andmed nendega, mis ei võimalda isikut lisateabeta tuvastada. Näiteks töötleb DoubleVerify teie internetiprotokolli („IP“) aadressi, mis on arvutile interneti kasutamisel automaatselt määratav number. Kuigi DoubleVerify käsitleb sellist teavet isikuandmetena, ei ühenda me seda teavet kunagi muude andmetega, mis võimaldaksid meil tuvastada isiku, kellega see on seotud.
Käesolev lahenduste privaatsusteatis on mõeldud nende isikute teavitamiseks, kelle andmeid võidakse töödelda meie lahenduste kaudu („lõppkasutaja(d)“ või „teie“ sobivas käändes): (1) millist tüüpi andmeid DoubleVerify võib teie või teie seadme kohta koguda, kui teile esitatakse meie poolt analüüsitav reklaam veebisaidil, mida vaatate või rakenduses, mida kasutate, (2) meie privaatsustavad, kuidas me võime kasutada, jagada ja muul viisil töödelda teavet, mida loetakse isikuandmeteks, ja (3) millised on teie õigused seoses nende isikuandmete kasutamisega. Selles privaatsusteatises selgitatakse ka, milliseid mitteisikuandmeid („
tehnilised andmed
“) me kogume reklaamide kohta, mida jälgime ning kuidas me neid tehnilisi andmeid meie lahenduste töötamiseks kasutame.
2. Milline on meie roll, eesmärgid ja andmete töötlemise õiguslik alus?
DoubleVerify pettuste ärahoidmise („
pettuste ärahoidmine
“) ja geograafiliste tähiste nõuetele vastavuse kontrollimise („geograafiline tähis“) lahenduste töötlemisel tuleb  isikuandmeid töödelda. DoubleVerify kasutab pettuste ärahoidmise lahendust ,,vastutava töötlejana“ ja geograafilist tähist ,,andmetöötlejana,“ välja arvatud allpool esitatud asjaolud, mis on seotud isikuandmete kaitse üldmäärusega (,,
GDPR
”). California tarbijate privaatsusseadusest („CCPA“) ja teistest USA regulatiivsetest raamistikest lähtudes võib meie nimetus olla erinev, sõltuvalt konkreetsest suhtest iga kliendiga. Kogume klientide poolt kättesaadavaks tehtud isikuandmeid meie poolt kasutatava tehnoloogia abil. Tegutseme CCPA tarbijate privaatsusseaduse alusel ,,vastutava töötlejana” või teiste USA osariigi seaduste ja reguleeriva raamistiku alusel ,,andmetöötlejatena”.  Olenemata eeltoodust võime teatud juhtudel, kui isikuandmeid jagatakse DoubleVerify’ga integratsioonide ja muude mittestandardsete vahendite kaudu, näiteks kui klient kogub ja esitab selliseid isikuandmeid DoubleVerify analüüsi jaoks, olla lähtuvalt CCPA-st „andmetöötleja“ või „teenusepakkuja“.  See stsenaarium on kõige levinum meie partnerluses sotsiaalmeedia klientide ja teiste klientidega, kes haldavad omandiõigusega kaitstud keskkondi, mida sageli nimetatakse „seintega aedadeks“.
Tavaliselt ei töödelda DoubleVerify muude lahenduste korral isikuandmeid (näiteks vaadatavus, kaubamärgi ohutus ja sobivus), välja arvatud pettuste ärahoidmist käsitleva lahenduse, sealhulgas kvaliteedi mõju vastavalt tööstusharu standardi ja geograafilise tähise korral (nt meediareitingute nõukogu suunised). Siiski on olukordi, kus võime näiteks pakkuda selliseid lahendusi klientidele, kes haldavad „seintega aedu“, kus need kliendid võivad vastutavate töötlejatena nõuda, et DoubleVerify töötleks lõppkasutajate või kontosid loovate isikute täiendavaid isikuandmeid ja sisu klientide keskkondades. Iga sellise stsenaariumi korral teevad töödeldavate isikuandmete kohta otsuse kliendid, kes vastutava töötleja rollis määravad oma äranägemisel ka selliste isikuandmete töötlemise õigusliku aluse. Nende klientide privaatsustavade, töödeldavate isikuandmete ja töötlemisel kohaldatava õigusliku aluse kohta lisateabe saamiseks peaksite läbi vaatama iga kliendi asjakohased ja kohaldatavad privaatsusteatised või -avaldused. Kui võtate nende programmide kohta päringu tegemisel ühendust DoubleVerify’ga, saame anda põhiteavet nende klientide heaks tehtava töö kohta, kuid soovitame teil võtta ühendust konkreetse kliendiga või vaadata üle privaatsusdokumentatsioon, mille nad oma keskkondades kättesaadavaks teevad.
Meie lahenduste kasutamisel on DoubleVerify’l GDPR-ist lähtudes õiguslik alus isikuandmete töötlemiseks selleks, et: (i) vältida reklaamidega seotud pettusi ja esitada lõppkasutajatele geograafiliselt täpset ja nõuetele vastavat teavet, (ii) lõppkasutajad saaksid pettustevaba ja geograafiliselt täpset ning nõuetele vastavat teavet ja (iii) üldsusel oleks jätkuvalt tasuta interneti-ühendus.
DoubleVerify osaleb IAB (mõjuhindamise komitee) läbipaistvuse ja nõusoleku raamistikus (TCFv2.2 – teenusepakkuja ID 126). Andmekogumise aluseks allesitatud eesmärkidel on meie õigustatud huvi.
Tagada turvalisus, pettuse ennetamine ja avastamine, vigade parandamine (1. eriotstarbeline eesmärk)
Reklaami ja teabe edastamine (2. eriotstarbeline eesmärk)
Privaatsusega seotud valikute meelespidamine ja kommunikeerimine (3. eriotstarbeline eesmärk)
Reklaami tulemuslikkuse hindamine (7. eesmärk)
Teenuste arendamine ja täiustamine (10. eesmärk)
Piiratud juhtudel võib IAB Europe läbipaistvuse ja nõusoleku raamistiku eest vastutav üksus küsida keskkonnas, kus DoubleVerify lahendust kasutatakse, geograafilise tähise kasutajalt nõusolekut. Nõusolek võib kehtida piiratud juhtudel järgmiselt.
Reklaami valikul kasutatakse piiratud andmeid (2. eesmärk)
Reklaami tulemuslikkuse hindamine (7. eesmärk)
Teenuste arendamine ja täiustamine (10. eesmärk)
3. Milliseid andmeid me kogume ja millistel eesmärkidel?
DoubleVerify kogub ja kasutab teatud liiki isiku- ja tehnilisi andmeid oma ärilistel eesmärkidel, et pakkuda, välja töötada ja täiustada oma lahendusi. DoubleVerify lahenduste kaudu töödeldavad isikuandmete ja tehniliste andmete liigid on esitatud allpool. Kui DoubleVerify lahenduse ühe või mitme funktsiooni kasutamiseks on vaja isikuandmeid, kasutatakse neid ainult konkreetsetel allpool märgitud eesmärkidel, kui seadustega ei ole teisiti nõutav. Peale selle võib mõnedel juhtudel olla vajalik töödelda isikuandmeid seoses mõningate tehniliste andmetega DoubleVerify lahenduste õigeks toimimiseks. Kõigil sellistel juhtudel loetakse kombineeritud andmeid isikuandmeteks ja neid kaitstakse vastavalt. Me ei ühenda, analüüsi ega täienda kunagi töödeldavaid isiku- ja tehnilisi andmeid lisateabega lõppkasutajate tuvastamise eesmärgil. Me ei jälgi kunagi teid ega teie võrgutegevusi rakendustes ja veebisaitidel ega aja jooksul, me ei kasuta püsitehnoloogiaid, nagu kolmandate osapoolte küpsised. Me ei koosta profiile ega sihtrühmi tegevuse suunamiseks füüsilistele isikutele.
DoubleVerify lahenduste kasutamiseks kogutavad ja kasutatavad tehniliste andmete liigid on järgmised.
Reklaamikampaania atribuudid – kogutakse ja töödeldakse reklaami esitava reklaamija identifikaatorit, tema kampaania ja asetuse identifikaatoreid, reklaamijale reklaamiplatvormile ruumi müüva meediakanali või vahendava reklaamiplatvormi identifikaatoreid, et tuvastada klienti, kellele teenust osutame, kasutada kliendi suhtes õigeid seadeid, segmenteerida kliendi aruandeid nende identifikaatorite järgi ja esitada kliendile arveid.
Veebisisu atribuudid – kogutakse lehe/paneeli veebiaadressi (URL), millele reklaam edastatakse, ja suunavate lehtede/paneelide aadresse, et tagada reklaamide edastamine õiges kontekstis, mille klient on meie süsteemi profiili seadetes seadnud.
Mobiilirakenduse atribuudid – mobiilirakenduse nimetus, mobiilirakenduse identifikaator, rakenduste pood, rakenduse arendaja, rakenduse hinne tärnides, rakenduse vanusepiir ja muud avalikult kättesaadavad andmed mobiilirakenduse kohta, millele reklaam edastatakse. Neid andmeid kasutatakse selleks, et tagada reklaamide edastamine õiges kontekstis, mille klient on meie süsteemi profiili seadetes seadnud.
Digikeskkonna atribuudid – kogutakse andmeid selle kohta, millist tüüpi internetiühendusega seadmesse reklaam edastatakse: mobiilseade, lauaarvuti, internetiühendusega teler või muu seade; lehe esitamiseks, kuhu reklaam edastatakse, kasutatava brauseri tüüp ja versioon ja operatsioonisüsteem; et määrata kindlaks, milline meie koodi versioon selles keskkonnas õigesti töötaks, ning mõõta õigesti, kas reklaam võis olla ekraanil vaadatav meie tegevusala standardite kohaselt, mis keskkonniti erinevad.
Vaadatavuse atribuudid – kogutakse andmeid reklaami asukoha kohta lehel, reklaami suuruse, ekraani suuruse, vaateava suuruse, vahekaardi reklaamile suunatuse, brauseri reklaamile suunatuse, aja kohta, mil reklaam oli veebilehe vaadatavas osas ja veebilehe kerimisasendi kohta, et määrata kindlaks ja teatada meie klientidele, kas reklaamil oli võimalik olla ekraanil vaadatav.
Kokkupuute ja kaasatuse atribuudid – kogutakse andmeid, mis näitavad, kas reklaami klõpsati, sellel sõrmega libistati, seda vajutati või puudutati, muudeti selle suurust, see jäeti vahele, selle heli summutati, see pandi pausile, seda pöörati, selle kohal hoiti kursorit või muudeti selle helitugevust, et aidata klientidel mõõta reklaami, reklaamikampaania või meediakanali tulemuslikkust.
Pettuste ärahoidmiseks kogutavate ja kasutatavate andmete liigid:
Pseudonüümitud elektroonilise esindatuse ja seadmete identifikaatoreid – s.t IP-aadress, kasutaja brauseri seaded või nende kahe väärtuse tuletised – kasutatakse hindamiseks, kas digiesindatus või seade osaleb petuskeemis või on sellega seotud.
Geograafilise kontrolli tegemiseks kogutavate ja kasutatavate andmete liigid:
Pseudonüümitud elektroonilise esindatuse ja seadme identifikaatoreid – IP-aadressi – kogutakse nendega seotud geograafilise asukoha kindlaksmääramiseks. Iga IP-aadress on seotud riigiga ning USA-s võib see olla seotud täpsemate andmetega, k.a postiindeks. Täpseid geolokatsiooni andmeid ei koguta kunagi.
Piiratud asjaoludel võib klient (nt „seintega aiana“ tegutsev klient) nõuda DoubleVerify’lt täiendavate isikuandmete töötlemist, et võimaldada oma lahendusi. Sellised täiendavad isikuandmed võivad olla seotud lõppkasutajatega, isikutega, kes loovad kontosid sellistes „seintega aedades“ või üksikisikutega, kes loovad sisu, mis avaldatakse sellistes „seintega aedades“. Kui üks tema klientidest, kes tegutseb „seintega aedadena“, nõuab DoubleVerify’lt täiendavate isikuandmete töötlemist, et võimaldada teatud lahendusi, töötleb DoubleVerify selliseid isikuandmeid ainult selleks, et täita oma kohustusi kliendi ees ja rangelt kooskõlas kliendi juhistega, mis on vajalikud lahenduste kasutamiseks, haldamiseks ja, vajaduse korral, täiustamiseks. Teeme nende klientidega põhjalikku koostööd, et töödeldavad isikuandmed piirduksid ainult nende eesmärkide saavutamiseks vajalike isikuandmetega. Piiratud juhtudel võib meie kokkupuude „seintega aedadega“ tuua kaasa juhusliku isikuandmete vastuvõtmise. DoubleVerify jälgib hoolikalt, et mis tahes selliseid isikuandmeid ei töödeldaks pärast vastuvõtmist rohkem kui on vajalik nende turvaliseks kustutamiseks meie süsteemidest. Kuna nende stsenaariumide puhul sõltuvad isikuandmete konkreetsed kategooriad kliendi kohandatud integreerimisest ja otsustest ning on klienditi erinevad, soovitame täiendavate küsimuste korral võtta ühendust konkreetse kliendiga või vaadata üle tema koostatud privaatsusdokumentatsioon, mille ta on oma keskkonnas kättesaadavaks teinud.
Lahendused ei ole mõeldud ega suunatud laste isikuandmete töötlemisele. Me ei kogu teadlikult lastelt isikuandmeid, kuna see mõiste on kohaldatavate seadustega aeg-ajalt määratletud. Kui olete lapsevanem või eestkostja ja arvate, et lahenduste kaudu võib olla töödeldud teie lapse isikuandmeid, võtke meiega ühendust, kasutades allpool 13. punktis „
Kuidas DoubleVerify’ga ühendust võtta
“ esitatud teavet, ning me võtame meetmeid tema isikuandmete turvaliseks kustutamiseks meie süsteemidest.
4. Kuidas me kogutud andmeid kasutame?
DoubleVerify kasutab kogutavaid tehnilisi ja isikuandmeid ainult selle lahenduste privaatsusteatise 3. punktis  „
Milliseid andmeid me kogume ja millistel eesmärkidel?
” esitatud eesmärkidel. Tehnilisi ja teie isikuandmeid töödeldakse üldiselt meie klientidele aruannete, andmeülevaadete ja soovituste („
aruanded
“) esitamiseks. Kõik igas vormis DV aruanded on anonüümseks muudetud koondandmetega või kui vajatakse teavet näitamise tasemel, eemaldatakse igalt näitamiselt identifikaatorid, et tagada, et teie isikuandmeid kunagi klientidega ei jagataks. Vaatamata eeltoodule võivad aruanded, mis on loodud klientidele, kes tegutsevad „seintega aedadena“ (näiteks sotsiaalmeedia ettevõtted) ja teistele sellistele aruandlusele tuginevatele klientidele (nt ettevõtted, kes reklaamivad sotsiaalmeedia voogudes), sisaldada teavet üksikisikute kohta, kes loovad kontosid sellistes „seintega aedades“, või isikute kohta, kes loovad sisu, mis avaldatakse sellistes „seintega aedades“. Selles punktis selgitatakse täiendavalt, kuidas tehnilisi ja teie isikuandmeid töödeldakse, et saavutada selle lahenduste privaatsusteatise 3. punktis esitatud ärilisi eesmärke.
DoubleVerify kasutab lahenduste kaudu kogutavaid tehnilisi andmeid, nagu märgitud punktis 3.1, järgmistel viisidel.
Reklaamide esitamise konteksti, nende kvaliteedi, autentsuse ja tulemuslikkuse analüüsimiseks ja nende kohta aruannete esitamiseks. Konkreetsemalt teabe kohta, mis näitab, kas reklaami esitatakse kliendi eelseatud õiguslike ja paigutusnõuete kohaselt ja meie süsteemis kliendi poolt valitud seadete kohaselt.
Soovituste ja eelotsuste pakkumiseks näitamisvõimaluste kohta. DoubleVerify tehnoloogia analüüsib näitamisvõimaluse andmete iseärasusi ja määrab kindlaks, kas kliendi reklaami tuleks esitada või mitte, näiteks määrates kindlaks, kui ümbritsev sisu ei ole kooskõlas selle kliendi kaubamärgi mainekujunduse ja eelistustega.
DoubleVerify kasutab pettuste ärahoidmiseks lahenduste kaudu kogutud tehnilisi ja isikuandmeid, nagu punktides 3.1 ja 3.2 määratud järgmiselt.
Konkreetsete reklaaminäitamiste läbivaatamiseks ja tuvastamiseks, mis on petturlikud, kuna on genereeritud robotjuhitavate brauserite poolt, mida ei ole kasutanud inimene.
Kehtetute külastuste hindamiseks ja tuvastamiseks, näiteks reklaamiinjektorite poolt genereeritavad külastused, andmekeskustest pärinevad külastused, valesti esitatud külastused, emuleeritud külastused ja muud tüüpi kehtetud külastused.
Veebisaitide, mobiilseadmete ja internetiühendusega seadmete ning petturliku liiklusega ja/või pettusega reklaaminäitamisi genereerivate meediakanalite analüüsimiseks ja tuvastamiseks.
Petturlikus reklaamitegevuses osalevate veebisaitide liiklusmustrite tuvastamiseks.
Robotjuhitavate, mitte inimese juhitavate ja inimeste poolt kasutavate brauserite poolt genereeritud liikluse eristamiseks.
Kindlaksmääramiseks, kas analüüsitavad reklaamid järgivad kohaldatavaid õigusaktide nõudeid ja eelistusi, mida meie kliendid on seadnud.
Kindlaksmääramiseks, kas vahetarkvara püüab oma tööandmeid valesti esitada, et vältida pettuste või muu kehtetu liikluse tuvastamist.
Kindlaksmääramiseks, kas veebisaidi külastused või reklaamide näitamised pärinevad serverifarmist ja mitte brauseri inimese poolt kasutamisest.
Kindlaksmääramiseks, kas külastused on saadud pettuste kaudu või muude külastusi suurendavate tegevuste abil, mis ei vasta kliendi juhistele või eelistustele.
Pettustega seotud ja mitte inimeste poolt genereeritud liikluse IP-aadresside ja kasutaja brauseri seadete registreerimiseks („pettuste tabelid“). Kuna sellised andmepunktid ei ole seotud inimtegevusega, ei loeta neid isikuandmeteks.
DoubleVerify kasutab geograafilise kontrolli tegemiseks lahenduste kaudu kogutavaid tehnilisi ja isikuandmeid, nagu punktis 3.3 märgitud, selleks et:
hinnata üldisel tasandil (riik, osariik või USA elanikel postiindeks) lõppkasutaja geograafilist asukohta ja kontrollida, kas lõppkasutaja asub kliendi kampaania või liiklusseadete piires.
Kui üks tema klientidest, kes tegutseb „seintega aedadena“, nõuab DoubleVerify’lt täiendavate isikuandmete töötlemist, et võimaldada teatud lahendusi, töötleb DoubleVerify selliseid isikuandmeid ainult selleks, et täita oma kohustusi kliendi ees ja rangelt kooskõlas kliendi juhistega, mis on vajalikud lahenduste kasutamiseks, hooldamiseks ja, vajaduse korral, täiustamiseks. Kui teil on küsimusi, soovitame võtta ühendust konkreetse kliendiga või vaadata üle privaatsusdokumentatsioon, mille ta oma keskkonnas kättesaadavaks teeb.
5. Kuidas ja kellele me andmeid avaldame?
DoubleVerify ei avalda isikuandmeid kolmandatele osapooltele, välja arvatud, kui see on meie ärilistel eesmärkidel rangelt vajalik meie lahenduste kasutamiseks, käigus hoidmiseks ja täiustamiseks. Kui me jagame mõningaid isikuandmeid vabatahtlikult, tagame, et nende saajad kaitsevad neid kooskõlas meie reeglite ja nõuetega.
Võime jagada teie isikuandmeid järgmistega:
Teenuste osutajad – ettevõtted, kellega oleme sõlminud lepingu meile teenuste osutamiseks, näiteks IT-teenused ja süsteemide administreerimine, infrastruktuuri- ja majutusteenused, uurimistegevus ja analüüsid, tugiteenused ja kvaliteedi kontroll, turvalisus ja muud teenused eespool kirjeldatud eesmärkidel ja õiguslikel alustel. Võite taotleda meilt meile teenuste osutajate nimekirja ja teavet selle kohta, milliseid isikuandmeid nad saavad ja millistel eesmärkidel, võttes meiega ühendust. Kontaktandmed leiate selle lahenduste privaatsusteatise 13. punktist „
Kuidas DoubleVerify’ga ühendust võtta
“.
Sidusettevõtted – nagu emaettevõte, sõsarettevõtted, tütarettevõtted, ühisettevõtted ja muud ühise kontrolli all olevad ettevõtted, kui see on vajalik meie lahenduste kasutamiseks, käigus hoidmiseks ja täiustamiseks. Võite taotleda meilt meie sidusettevõtete nimekirja ja teavet selle kohta, milliseid isikuandmeid nad saavad ja millistel eesmärkidel, võttes meiega ühendust. Kontaktandmed leiate selle lahenduste privaatsusteatise 13. punktist „
Kuidas DoubleVerify’ga ühendust võtta
“.
Meie klientide poolt kaasatud kolmandad osapooled – võime meie klientise toetamiseks integreerida meie lahendusi muude tööriistade ja teenustega, mida meie kliendid on kaasanud, et pakkuda täiustatud teenuseid ja aruandlusvõimalusi. Me ei saa mingil juhul nende integreerimiste kaudu andmeid, mis võimaldaksid DoubleVerify’l meie andmeid täiendada ja lõppkasutajaid tuvastada. Piiratud juhtudel võime jagada näitamise tasandil teavet meie klientide poolt kaasatud ettevõtetega turunduse tulemuslikkuse uurimiseks. Teatud piiratud juhtudel võivad meie kliendid paluda meil jagada teatud isikuandmeid sellise toote või teenuse funktsionaalsuse võimaldamiseks, mida ei halda DoubleVerify.
Ettevõtetega toimuvates tehingutes osalevad kolmandad osapooled – DoubleVerify omandamisel või teise ettevõttega ühendamisel või reorganiseerimisel, likvideerimisel või muu olulise muudatuse korral ettevõttes.
Võime olla seadusega kohustatud teie isikuandmeid avaldama:
(a) kui seda avaldamist nõuab riigiasutus, kohus, õiguskaitseorgan või reguleeriv asutus (näiteks uurimise käigus, kohtukutse esitamiseks või muu sarnase õigusliku protsessi või menetluse raames);
(b) kui see on muul viisil kohaldatava õigusakti, eeskirja või reegliga nõutav; ja
(c) kui peame sellist avaldamist heas usus vajalikuks meie või teiste isikute kaitsmiseks, uurimisele kaasaitamiseks või ebaseadusliku tegevuse ennetamiseks.
Pettuste tabeleid ja muud pettuste ärahoidmisega seotud aruandeid, andmete esitamisi, API-sid (rakendusliidesed) ja andmete ülevaateid, mis isikuandmeid ei sisalda, võidakse jagada klientide ja teiste kolmandate osapooltega, näiteks tegevusala organisatsioonidega, või neile kättesaadavaks teha, kui see on DoubleVerify’le vajalik oma äriliste eesmärkide täitmiseks, milleks on meie lahenduste pettuste ärahoidmise ja reklaamipettuste tõkestamise funktsioonide pakkumine, käigus hoidmine ja täiustamine.
Me ei jaga teie isikuandmeid meie klientidega. Kõik meie aruannete portaalide kaudu klientidele kättesaadavaks tehtavad aruanded ja analüüsid on anonüümsed, mis tähendab, et need ei sisalda isikuandmeid. Aruanded on üldjuhul koondaruanded, kuid piiratud juhtudel esitame klientidele ka näitamise tasandil aruandeid FTP lõpp-punktide või API-de kaudu, kui need aruanded ei sisalda isikuandmeid. Võime jagada kolmandate osapooltega tehnilisi andmeid, mis on anonüümsed, koondandmetena või toorandmetena, kui peame seda vajalikuks meie äriliste eesmärkide täitmiseks, milleks on lahenduste pakkumine, käigus hoidmine ja täiustamine. Peale selle võime jagada anonüümseid või deidentifitseeritud andmeid koondandmetena meie tavategevuse käigus; näiteks juhtumiuuringute ja aruannete avaldamiseks meie lahenduste kasulikkuse ja tulemuslikkuse suundumuste näitamiseks.
DoubleVerify ei avalda kahtluse vältimiseks isikuandmeid üksustele, kes tegutsevad CCPA seadustest lähtuvalt ettevõtte või kolmanda osapoolena.
6. Kui kaua me isikuandmeid hoiame?
DoubleVerify säilitab oma lahenduste kaudu töödeldavaid isikuandmeid ainult nii kaua, kui see on vajalik selles lahenduste privaatsusteatises ettenähtud eesmärkide saavutamiseks, ja mitte mingil juhul kauem kui nelikümmend viis (45) päeva. Pärast selle perioodi lõppu isikuandmed eemaldatakse turvaliselt DoubleVerify süsteemidest.
Pettuste tabeleid võidakse säilitada määramatu aja jooksul, et tagada pettuste ärahoidmise lahenduse õige toimimine.
Kuna tehnilised andmed on oma olemuselt anonüümsed, võib DoubleVerify säilitada neid määramatu aja jooksul või DoubleVerify korra kohaselt, kohaldatavate õigusaktidega ja DoubleVerify lepingutes klientidega muul viisil ette nähtud aja jooksul.
7. Kuidas on korraldatud isikuandmete turvalisus?
DoubleVerify on rakendanud sobivaid tehnilisi, füüsilisi ja korralduslikke meetmeid isikuandmete kaitsmiseks juhusliku või ebaseadusliku hävitamise või juhusliku kaotuse, kahjustamise, muutmise, loata avaldamise või juurdepääsu ja muud liiki ebaseadusliku töötlemise eest. Kuigi me järgime isikuandmete kaitsmiseks üldtunnustatud nõudeid ja parimaid tavasid, ei ole ükski säilitamis- ega edastamisviis 100% turvaline. Töötame siiski pidevalt oma kaitsemeetmete täiustamise ja teie isikuandmete turvalise säilitamise nimel.
8. Kuidas isikuandmeid rahvusvaheliselt edastatakse?
Võtke arvesse, et meie poolt kogutavaid isikuandmeid võidakse üle kanda väljaspool teie osariiki, piirkonda, riiki või muud jurisdiktsiooni asuvatesse serveritesse ja andmebaasidesse ja seal säilitada. Teie isikuandmeid võidakse edastada kohaliku ajutise andmekeskuse kaudu, et tagada lahenduste tõhusus ja reageerimisvõime, kuid lõppkokkuvõttes säilitab DoubleVerify kõiki meie lahenduste kaudu kogutavaid isikuandmeid USA-s. Ülemaailmse ettevõttena on meil bürood USA-s, Ühendkuningriigis, Prantsusmaal, Belgias, Soomes, Saksamaal, Iisraelis, Kanadas, Mehhikos, Brasiilias, Jaapanis, Indias, Singapuris ja Austraalias. Meie nendes asukohtades töötajatel võib olla vajalik saada juurdepääs teie isikuandmetele meie lahenduste toetamiseks. Mõningates neist asukohtadest, näiteks USA-s, võib andmekaitse tase olla madalam kui Euroopa Liidus või muudes jurisdiktsioonides, kus on kehtestatud ranged privaatsusalased õigusaktid ja eeskirjad.
Võtame meetmeid teie isikuandmete turvaliseks säilitamiseks meie juures, järgides Euroopa Liidu ettevõtetele regulatiivselt kehtestatud privaatsus- ja turvalisusnõudeid. Samuti tagame, et ka teised teie isikuandmete saajad pakuksid piisaval tasemel kaitset ja turvalisust, näiteks sõlmime sobivad vastastikused kokkulepped ja vajaduse korral lepingu tüüptingimused või alternatiivse mehhanismi andmete edastamiseks, mis on Euroopa Komisjoni või muu asjaomase regulatiivasutuse poolt heaks kiidetud. Selles privaatsusetatises kirjeldatud DoubleVerify privaatsustavad on kooskõlas APEC-i piiriüleste privaatsusreeglite (CBPR) süsteemi ja andmetöötlejate poolt privaatsuse tunnustamise (PRP) süsteemiga. APEC-i CBPR-süsteem ja APEC-i PRP-süsteem loovad organisatsioonidele raamistiku isikuandmete edastamiseks osalevate APEC-i riikide vahel. Lisateavet APEC-i raamsüsteemide kohta võib leida
siit
. Kui teil on küsimusi selle kohta, kus me isikuandmeid säilitame, võite võtta meiega ühendust selle ülemaailmse privaatsusteatise 13. punktis „
Kuidas DoubleVerify’ga ühendust võtta
“ ettenähtud viisil.
Lisaks: DoubleVerify Inc. ja tütarettevõtja Outrigger Media, Inc., ärinimed OpenSlate, Scibids Technology Inc., Zentrick Inc. (,,DoubleVerify”), järgivad ELi-USA andmekaitseraamistiku (ELi-USA andmekaitseraamistik), selle Ühendkuningriigi laienduse ning Šveitsi-USA andmekaitseraamistiku (Šveitsi-USA andmekaitseraamistik) nõudeid nagu on kehtestatud USA Kaubandusministeeriumi poolt. DoubleVerify on esitanud USA Kaubandusministeeriumile andmed selle kohta, et ta järgib ELi-USA andmekaitseraamistiku põhimõtteid (ELi-USA andmekaitseraamistiku põhimõtted), mis käsitlevad EList ja Ühendkuningriigist (k.a Gibraltar) edastatud isikuandmete töötlemist eelnimetatud andmekaitseraamistike alusel. DoubleVerify on esitanud USA Kaubandusministeeriumile andmed selle kohta, et ta järgib Šveitsi-USA andmekaitseraamistiku põhimõtteid (Šveitsi-USA andmekaitseraamistiku põhimõtted) Šveitsist edastatud andmete töötlemisel eelnimetatud andmekaitseraamistiku alusel.  Kui privaatsusteatise ja ELi-USA andmekaitseraamistiku ja Šveitsi-USA andmekaitseraamistiku põhimõtete vahel esineb mistahes konflikt, siis kohalduvad eelnimetatud põhimõtted.  Vt lisateavet andmekaitseraamistiku (DPF) programmi ja meie sertifitseerimisprotsessi kohta aadressil https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/.
DoubleVerify vastutab andmekaitseraamistiku põhimõtetest lähtuvalt isikuandmete töötlemise eest ning edastab andmed ettevõtte nimel tegutsevale kolmandale osapoolele. DoubleVerify järgib isikuandmete edastamisel ELi, Ühendkuningriigi ja Šveitsi andmekaitseraamistiku põhimõtteid, k.a andmete edasisel edastamisel kehtivaid vastutuse sätteid.
ELi-USA andmekaitseraamistikule, selle Ühendkuningriigi laiendusele ning Šveitsi-USA andmekaitseraamistikule kohalduvad föderatiivse kaubanduskomisjoni sätted. Teatud asjaoludel võidakse nõuda, et DoubleVerify avaldaks isikuandmeid riigiasutuse seaduslikul nõudmisel, sealhulgas selleks, et järgida riiklikke turvalisuse ja õiguskaitsenõudeid.
DoubleVerify kohustub suunama lahendamata isikuandmeid käsitlevad kaebused seoses ELi-USA andmekaitseraamistiku, selle Ühendkuningriigi laienduse ning Šveitsi-USA andmekaitseraamistikuga TRUSTe-le, alternatiivsele vaidluste lahendamise mehhanismile USAs.  Kui te ei saa õigeaegselt vastust andmekaitseraamistiku põhimõtetega seotud kaebusele või kui vastus ei olnud rahuldav, külastage palun veebisaiti aadressil https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request for more information or to file a complaint. Vaidlusi käsitlevad lahendamisteenused on tasuta.
Kui andmekaitseraamistikust kinnipidamist ei lahendata ühegi asjakohase mehhanismi abil, siis võite teatavatel tingimustel kasutada siduvat vahekohtu mehhanismi. Vt lisateavet ametlikul andmekaitseraamistikku käsitleval veebisaidil.
9. Millised on teie õigused?
Teatavates jurisdiktsioonides võib lõppkasutajatel olla andmesubjekti õigusi, mis võimaldavad neil esitada oma isikuandmetega seotud taotlusi. Enamikus jurisdiktsioonides on lõppkasutajatel ka õigus saada teavet selle kohta, kuidas isikuandmeid kogutakse ja kasutatakse ja kellega neid võidi jagada või kellele avaldada, samuti, millistel eesmärkidel. DoubleVerify lahenduste privaatsusteatis vastab neile nõuetele, aga kui teil on täiendavaid küsimusi või soovite paremini aru saada, kuidas teie isikuandmeid võidi koguda või kasutada või kellega neid võidi jagada või kellele avaldada ja miks, võtke meiega ühendust, kasutades allpool 13. punkti „
Kuidas DoubleVerify’ga ühendust võtta
“.
Euroopa Majanduspiirkonna, Ühendkuningriigi, Šveitsi või California elanikel on  on kohaldatavate eraelu puutumatust käsitlevate seaduste ja määruste alusel mitmeid õigusi, nt GDPRi ja CCPA kohaselt. Nende õiguste kasutamiseks võite kasutada
seda vormi
või võtta meiega ühendust, kasutades allpool 13. punkti „
Kuidas DoubleVerify’ga ühendust võtta
“. Teatavate õigusaktide, näiteks California tarbijate privaatsuse seaduse kohaselt võite määrata endale ka volitatud esindaja, kes esitab taotluse või kasutab õigust teie nimel. Me ei diskrimineeri teid ega kasuta teie suhtes vastuabinõusid, kui kasutate oma õigusi.
Need õigused on järgmised.
Õigus juurdepääsuks isikuandmetele, mida võime teie kohta säilitada, sealhulgas õigus saada teavet isikuandmete liikide ja konkreetsete andmete kohta.
Õigus parandada teie kohta säilitatavaid ebatäpseid isikuandmeid. Palun arvestage, et nende isikuandmete olemuse tõttu, mida kogume, ja meie kogumisviisi tõttu on väga ebatõenäoline, et me säilitaks ebatäpseid isikuandmeid või et neid oleks vaja parandada.
Õigus taotleda DoubleVerify’lt teie kohta säilitatavate isikuandmete kustutamist.
Õigus taotleda teie kohta säilitatavate isikuandmete peatamist või piiramist mingiks ajaks, näiteks kuni te hindate, kas teil on muid õigusi, mida soovite kasutada.
Kui teie isikuandmeid töödeldakse õigustatud huvi alusel, on teil õigus selline töötlemine keelata.
Kui olete isikuandmete töötlemiseks andnud nõusoleku, võite sellest taganeda, tuginedes IAB Europe läbipaistvuse ja nõusoleku raamistikul.
Rahuldame lõppkasutajaga seotud taotluse nii palju kui võimalik, kui saame lõppkasutaja kokku viia meie süsteemides säilitatavate isikuandmetega. Kuid teatavatel juhtudel võib meil olla nõutav kontrollida taotluse rahuldamiseks teie isikut. Teie isiku kontrollimiseks ja teie taotluse ulatusest arusaamiseks võib meil olla vajalik küsida teilt lisateavet. Taotluse esitamiseks või selle rahuldamiseks ei ole teil vaja meie juures kontot luua. Teil on vaja esitada e-posti aadress, et saaksime teiega suhelda ja toetada teie taotlust, samuti küsida meile vajalikku teavet, et saaksime kontrollida, kas me säilitame teie kohta isikuandmeid. Palun võtke arvesse, et teatud juhtudel meil ei pruugi olla võimalik teie taotlust rahuldada, aga kui me ei saa teie taotlust rahuldada, selgitame teile, miks. Kui me ei säilita teie kohta isikuandmeid, teatame teile sellest. Püüame igati vastata kõigile päringutele ja taotlustele niipea kui võimalik, kuid kuni kolmekümne (30) päeva jooksul.
Kui DoubleVerify on kohaldatavates õigusaktides esitatud määratluse kohaselt „andmetöötleja“, ,,töövõtja“ või „teenuse osutaja“, võib teil olla vajalik esitada oma taotlused õiguste kasutamiseks asjaomasele kliendile, kes on „vastutav töötleja“ või „ettevõte“.
10. Täiendavad avaldamised
Teatavate privaatsusalaste õigusaktide ja eeskirjade kohaselt, nagu California tarbijate privaatsuse seadus, on ettevõtetel nõutav avaldada, kas nad müüvad isikuandmeid. DoubleVerify ei avalda isikuandmeid viisil, mis oleks käsitatav „müügi“ või ,,jagamisena“ California, Virginia ja Nevada või sarnaste seaduste kohaselt.
11. Kas DoubleVerify kasutab tehisintellekti?
DoubleVerify kasutab tehisintellekti („TI“) organisatsioonis erinevas mahus ja erinevatel viisidel. DoubleVerify kasutab küll TI tehnoloogiaid, kuid me ei rakenda „automatiseeritud otsuste tegemist“ (nagu on see mõiste defineeritud kohaldatavates eraelu puutumatust käsitlevates õigusaktides ja eeskirjades).
12. Ülimuslik seadus
Kohaldatavas ja kohaldatavate seaduste ja määrustega lubatud ulatuses reguleeritakse ja tõlgendatakse käesolevat lahenduste privaatsusteatist Delaware’i osariigi siseriiklike seaduste kohaselt ning kohtualluvuse ja mis tahes vaidluste lahendamise koht on Delaware’is.
13. Kas me uuendame seda lahenduste privaatsusteatist?
Võime seda lahenduste privaatsusteatist aeg-ajalt uuendada meie lahendustes, tavades, reeglites tehtud muudatuste või muude ettevõttesiseste või -väliste muudatuste kajastamiseks ning uute õigusaktide nõuete järgimiseks. Kõik muudatused avaldatakse kohe nende jõustumisel. Uuenduste tegemisel uuendame selle lahenduste privaatsusteatise algul märgitud „jõustumiskuupäeva“, et aidata teil aru saada, millal muudatused on tehtud. Nende võimalike uuendustega kursis püsimiseks soovitame teil seda lahenduste privaatsusteatist regulaarselt vaadata.  Pange tähele, et selle lahenduste privaatsusteatise tõlge on mõeldud ainult selle teabe kättesaadavuse hõlbustamiseks. Ingliskeelne tekst on selle lahenduste privaatsusteatise ainus ametlik versioon ning tõlke võimalikud ebatäpsused või lahknevused ei ole siduvad ega õigusliku mõjuga vastavuse või täitmise tagamise eesmärgil.
14. Kuidas DoubleVerify’ga ühendust võtta?
Kui teil on selle lahendusi käsitleva privaatsusteatise kohta küsimusi, muresid või märkusi või arvate, et teie isikuandmeid on kasutatud vastuolus privaatsusteatisega või teie valikutega, võite võtta ühendust meie privaatsusmeeskonnaga aadressil:
Eraelu kaitse ametniku / andmekaitseametniku (eraelu kaitse personal) kontaktandmed
DoubleVerify Inc.
462 Broadway
New York, NY 10013
privacy-policy@doubleverify.com
Kui teil on seoses privaatsusega või andmete kasutamisega mõni lahendamata mure, mida me ei ole rahuldavalt lahendanud, võtke ühendust meie USA-s asuva kolmandast osapoolest vaidluste lahendajaga (tasuta) aadressil
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
. Soovime iga teie privaatsusega või selle lahenduste privaatsusteatisega seotud kaebuse või mure õiglaselt lahendada. Kui aga arvate, et me ei saanud teid aidata, ei piira ega püüa piirata miski selles lahenduste privaatsusteatises teie kohalikest õigusaktidest tulenevaid õigusi, sealhulgas teie võimet esitada olenevalt teie elukohariigist kaebus kohalikule andmekaitseasutusele või muule ametiasutusele, kelle pädevusse kuuluvad privaatsusega seotud küsimused.
Voimaantulopäivä: 28. kesäkuuta 2024
Johdanto
DoubleVerify Inc. ja sen maailmanlaajuiset tytäryhtiöt (yhdessä ”
DoubleVerify
”, ”
me
”, ”
meitä
”, ”
meidän
” jne.) on alan johtava verkkomainonnan läpinäkyvyyden ja vastuullisuuden tarjoaja. DoubleVerify käyttää eri tekniikoita tiedon keräämiseen verkkomainonnasta, verkkosivuston liikenteestä, mobiilisovellusliikenteestä ja yhdistettyjen laitteiden liikenteestä tarjotakseen mainonnan läpinäkyvyyttä ja vastuullisuutta koskevia tuotteita ja ratkaisuja (yhdessä ”
ratkaisut
”). Tässä tietosuojailmoituksessa (”
ratkaisujen
tietosuojailmoitus
”) kerrotaan, keitä me olemme, kuinka keräämme, käytämme ja jaamme henkilötietoja ratkaisujemme kautta sekä kuinka voit käyttää tietosuojaoikeuksiasi.
Jos haluat lisätietoja siitä, kuinka DoubleVerify käsittelee julkisesti saatavilla olevilla verkkosivustoillamme kerättyjä henkilötietoja, vieraile
verkkosivustoillamme ja lue markkinoinnin tietosuojailmoituksemme
.
Jos käytät DoubleVerifyn ratkaisuja ja haluat lisätietoja siitä, miten DoubleVerify käsittelee raportointityökalujemme kautta kerättyjä henkilötietoja, lue
raportointityökalujen tietosuojailmoituksemme
.
Pikalinkit
Suosittelemme, että luet tämän ratkaisujen tietosuojailmoituksen kokonaisuudessaan varmistaaksesi, että tiedät kaiken tarvittavan. Jotta sinun olisi helpompi löytää ja tarkastella tämän ratkaisujen tietosuojailmoituksen tiettyjä osia, olemme jakaneet sen seuraaviin osiin:
Kuka tai mikä on DoubleVerify?
Mikä on roolimme, tavoitteemme ja käsittelyn oikeusperuste?
Mitä tietoja keräämme ja mihin tarkoituksiin?
Miten käytämme keräämiämme tietoja?
Miten ja kenelle luovutamme tietoja?
Kuinka kauan säilytämme henkilötietoja?
Kuinka henkilötiedot suojataan?
Miten henkilötietoja siirretään maiden välillä?
Mitkä ovat oikeutesi?
Lisätiedot
Käyttääkö DoubleVerify tekoälyä?
Sovellettava laki
Teemmekö päivityksiä tähän ratkaisujen tietosuojailmoitukseen?
Kuinka DoubleVerifyhin voi ottaa yhteyttä?
1. Kuka tai mikä on DoubleVerify?
DoubleVerifyn yleisesti tunnustetut alustamme tarjoavat riippumatonta digitaalisen median mittausta sekä mainonnan vaikutelman toimittamista ja verkkosivuston liikennettä koskevia tietoja ja analytiikkaa, jotka auttavat mainostajia, mainospalveluita tarjoavia toimistoja/agentuureja ja mainosjakauman myyjiä (yhdessä ”
asiakkaat
”) määrittämään tarkat toimitusominaisuudet, mukaan lukien brändin turvallisuus, katseltavuusmittarit, kontekstuaaliset ja ympäristöparametrit (esimerkiksi verkkosivusto, jolla mainos näkyy, ja missä kohtaa verkkosivua se on), mainoksen vaikutelma ja verkkosivuston liikenteen laatuominaisuudet, ja tarjoamaan näkemyksiä, joiden avulla asiakkaamme voivat tehdä tietoon perustuvia päätöksiä luovan aineistonsa ja brändinsä sijoittelusta.
Uskomme vahvan tietosuojan tarjoamiseen henkilöille, joiden tietoja käsittelemme missä tahansa ominaisuudessa – koska me uskomme, että tietosuoja on perusoikeus, jonka ei pitäisi riippua asuinpaikastasi. Tämän periaatteen mukaisesti käsittelemme tunnistettuun tai tunnistettavissa olevaan henkilöön liittyviä tai kuuluvia tietoja ”henkilötietoina” henkilön sijainnista riippumatta. Ratkaisuihimme liittyen DoubleVerify rajoittaa kaikki keräämämme tiedot tiedoiksi, joista ei voida tunnistaa ketään henkilöä ilman lisätietoja. Esimerkkinä DoubleVerify käsittelee IP-osoitettasi eli numeroa, joka määritetään tietokoneelle automaattisesti, kun internetiä käytetään. Vaikka DoubleVerify käsitteleekin tällaisia tietoja henkilötietoina parhaiden käytäntöjen ja sovellettavien lakien mukaisesti, emme koskaan yhdistä näitä tietoja mihinkään muihin tietoihin, joiden avulla voisimme tunnistaa henkilön, johon tiedot liittyvät.
Tämä ratkaisujen tietosuojakäytäntö (”ratkaisujen tietosuojailmoitus”) on tarkoitettu ilmoittamaan henkilöille, joiden tietoja voidaan käsitellä ratkaisujemme kautta (”
loppukäyttäjä(t)
”, ”
sinä
”, ”
sinun
” jne.), seuraavista asioista: (1) ne erilaiset tietolajit, joita DoubleVerify voi kerätä sinusta tai laitteestasi, kun analysoimamme mainos toimitetaan sinulle tarkastelemallasi verkkosivustolla tai käyttämässäsi sovelluksessa, (2) tietosuojakäytäntömme, kuinka saatamme käyttää, jakaa ja muutoin käsitellä henkilötietoja ja (3) mitä oikeuksia sinulla on tällaisten henkilötietojen suhteen. Tässä ratkaisujen tietosuojailmoituksessa kerrotaan myös, mitä ei-henkilökohtaisia tietoja (”
tekniset tiedot
”) keräämme seuraamistamme mainoksista ja kuinka käytämme näitä teknisiä tietoja ratkaisujemme perustana.
2. Mikä on roolimme, tavoitteemme ja käsittelyn oikeusperuste?
DoubleVerifyn petosten tunnistamisen ja torjunnan (”
petosten torjunta
”) ja maantieteellisen vaatimustenmukaisuuden todentamisen (”
maavarmistus
”) ratkaisut edellyttävät henkilötietojen käsittelyä. Lukuun ottamatta alla kuvattuja rajoitettuja olosuhteita liittyen lakeihin ja säädöksiin, kuten yleiseen tietosuoja-asetukseen (”
GDPR
”), DoubleVerify suorittaa petosten torjuntaa ”rekisterinpitäjänä” ja maantieteellistä vahvistamista (Geo Verification) ”käsittelijänä”. Kalifornian kuluttajatietosuojalain (”
CCPA
”) ja muiden USA:n osavaltioiden sääntelykehysten osalta nimemme voi vaihdella riippuen asiakassuhteesta. Koska käsittelemämme henkilötiedot kerätään teknologiallamme ja nämä käsittelemämme henkilötiedot ovat asiakkaiden meille tarjoamia, toimimme yleensä CCPA:n mukaisena ”urakoitsijana”/”toimeksisaajana” (contractor) tai muiden Yhdysvaltain osavaltio lakien ja sääntelykehysten mukaisena ”käsittelijänä”.  Edellä mainitusta huolimatta rajoitetuissa olosuhteissa, joissa henkilötietoja jaetaan DoubleVerifyn kanssa räätälöidyillä integraatioilla ja muilla epätavallisilla keinoilla, esimerkiksi kun asiakas kerää ja toimittaa henkilötietoja DoubleVerifyn analyysiä varten, meitä voidaan pitää CCPA mukaisesti ja mukaisena ”käsittelijänä” tai ”palveluntarjoajana”.  Tämä skenaario on yleisin yhteistyökumppanuuksissamme sosiaalisen median asiakkaiden ja muiden asiakkaiden kanssa, joilla on yksinoikeudellisia ympäristöjä, joista käytetään usein nimitystä ”seinäpuutarha”.
DoubleVerifyn muut ratkaisut (kuten katseltavuus, bränditurvallisuus ja soveltuvuus) eivät yleensä edellytä henkilötietojen käsittelyä, lukuun ottamatta petosten estämistä, missä yhteydessä tarkoituksena on esimerkiksi alan vakiokäytäntöjen (esim. Media Ratings Councilin ohjeiden) mukainen näyttökertojen kelpuuttaminen tai todentaminen, ja maantieteellistä vahvistusta (Geo Verification). On kuitenkin tilanteita, kuten tapauksia, joissa saatamme tarjota tällaisia ratkaisuja asiakkaille, joilla on ”seinäpuutarha”, joissa nämä asiakkaat voivat rekisterinpitäjän roolissaan vaatia DoubleVerifyta käsittelemään loppukäyttäjien tai asiakkaiden tiloissa tiliä ja sisältöä luovien henkilöiden henkilötietoja. Tällaisessa tilanteessa asiakkaan tekevät päätöksen siitä, mitä henkilötietoja käsitellään, ja rekisterinpitäjän roolissaan he myös määrittelevät täysin oman harkintansa mukaan kyseisten henkilötietojen käsittelyn oikeusperusteen. Jos haluat lisätietoja näiden asiakkaiden tietosuojakäytännöistä, käsitellyistä henkilötiedoista ja sovellettavasta käsittelyn oikeusperusteesta, sinun tulee tutustua kunkin asiakkaan asiaankuuluvaan ja sovellettavaan tietosuojailmoitukseen tai -lausuntoihin. Jos otat yhteyttä DoubleVerifyhin kysyäksesi näistä ohjelmista, voimme antaa joitakin perustietoja työstä, jota teemme näille asiakkaille, mutta suosittelemme, että otat yhteyttä yksittäiseen asiakkaaseen tai tarkistat heidän tiloissaan käytettävissä olevat tietosuoja-asiakirjat.
Lakeihin kuten yleiseen tietosuoja-asetukseen liittyvissä asioissa DoubleVerifyn oikeusperuste henkilötietojen käsittelylle ratkaisujemme kautta on seuraavien tahojen oikeutetut edut: (i) asiakkaidemme oikeus välttää mainontaan liittyvät petokset ja esittää loppukäyttäjille maantieteellisesti täsmällisiä ja vaatimustenmukaisia tietoja, (ii) loppukäyttäjien oikeus saada petoksista vapaita ja maantieteellisesti täsmällisiä ja vaatimustenmukaisia tietoja sekä (iii) yleisen väestön oikeus ilmaisen internetin jatkuvan saatavuuden yhteydessä.
DoubleVerify osallistuu IAB:n läpinäkyvyys- ja suostumuskehykseen (TCFv2.2 – Vendor ID 126), ja käytämme seuraaviin tarkoituksiin tapahtuvan tietojen keräämisemme perusteena oikeutettua etua:
Turvallisuuden varmistaminen, petoksien estäminen ja havaitseminen ja virheiden korjaaminen (erityistarkoitus 1)
Mainonnan ja sisällön toimittaminen ja esittäminen (erityistarkoitus 2)
Tietosuojavalintojen tallentaminen ja niistä tiedottaminen (erityistarkoitus 3)
Mainoksen suorituskyvyn mittaaminen (tarkoitus 7)
Palvelujen kehittäminen ja parantaminen (tarkoitus 10)
Rajoitetuissa tilanteissa taho, joka vastaa IAB Europen läpinäkyvyys- ja suostumuskehyksestä sen toimipaikan sijainnissa, jossa DoubleVerify Solutions toimii, saattaa määrätä, että maantieteelliseen vahvistukseemme (Geo Verification) vaaditaan suostumus. Näissä hyvin rajoitetuissa tapauksissa suostumus koskee seuraavia asioita:
Rajoitettujen tietojen käyttäminen mainonnan valitsemiseen (tarkoitus 2)
Mainoksen suorituskyvyn mittaaminen (tarkoitus 7)
Palvelujen kehittäminen ja parantaminen (tarkoitus 10)
3. Mitä tietoja keräämme ja mihin tarkoituksiin?
Jotta DoubleVerify voi suorittaa liiketoiminnalliset tarkoituksensa tarjota, ylläpitää ja parantaa ratkaisujaan, se kerää ja käyttää tiettyjä henkilötietojen ja teknisten tietojen ryhmiä. DoubleVerifyn ratkaisujen kautta käsiteltyjen henkilötietojen ja teknisten tietojen ryhmät on kuvattu alla. Jos henkilötietoja tarvitaan DoubleVerifyn ratkaisun yhden tai useamman ominaisuuden käyttämiseen, kyseisiä henkilötietoja käytetään vain alla kuvattuihin erityistarkoituksiin, ellei laki toisin vaadi. Lisäksi joissakin olosuhteissa saattaa olla tarpeen käsitellä henkilötietoja yhdessä joidenkin teknisten tietojen kanssa, jotta DoubleVerifyn ratkaisut toimivat oikein. Tällaisissa tilanteissa yhdistettyjä tietoja pidetään henkilötietoina ja ne suojataan asianmukaisesti. Emme koskaan yhdistä, analysoi tai rikasta käsittelemiämme henkilötietoja ja teknisiä tietoja lisätiedoilla, joiden tavoitteena on loppukäyttäjien tunnistaminen. Emme koskaan seuraa sinua tai verkkotoimintaasi eri sovelluksissa ja verkkosivustoilla tai ajan mittaan, emme luota pysyviin teknologioihin, kuten kolmansien osapuolten evästeisiin, emmekä koskaan luo profiileja tai yleisöryhmiä yksittäisistä henkilöistä.
DoubleVerifyn ratkaisujen perustaksi kerättyjen ja käytettyjen teknisten tietojen ryhmät:
Mainoskampanjan ominaisuudet – mainoksen toimittavan mainostajan tunniste, sen kampanjan ja sijoittelun tunnisteet, jakaumaa mainostajalle myyvän median tunnisteet tai mikä tahansa mainosvälialusta kerätään ja käsitellään palvelemamme asiakkaan tunnistamiseksi, oikeiden asetusten käyttämiseksi asiakkaalle, asiakasraporttien segmentoimiseksi näiden tunnisteiden mukaisesti ja asiakkaan laskuttamiseksi.
Verkkosisällön ominaisuudet – sen sivun/kehyksen verkko-osoite (URL), jolle mainos toimitetaan, ja viittaussivujen/kehysten osoite kerätään sen varmistamiseksi, että mainokset toimitetaan oikeassa kontekstissa, jonka asiakas on asettanut järjestelmämme profiiliasetuksissa.
Mobiilisovelluksen ominaisuudet – mobiilisovelluksen nimi, mobiilisovelluksen tunnus, sovelluskauppa, sovelluksen kehittäjä, sovelluksen tähtiluokitukset, sovelluksen ikäluokitus ja muut julkisesti saatavilla olevat tiedot mobiilisovelluksesta, johon mainos toimitetaan. Näitä tietoja käytetään varmistamaan, että mainokset toimitetaan oikeassa kontekstissa, jonka asiakkaamme on asettanut järjestelmämme profiiliasetuksissa.
Digitaalisen ympäristön ominaisuudet – sen yhdistetyn laitteen tyyppi, jolle mainos toimitetaan: mobiililaite, pöytätietokone, yhdistetty TV tai muu laite, selaintyyppi ja -versio, jota käytetään näyttämään sivu, jolla mainos näkyy, ja käyttöjärjestelmä kerätään sen määrittämiseksi, mikä koodimme versio toimisi oikein kyseisessä ympäristössä, ja sen mittaamiseksi, onko mainoksella mahdollisuus tulla katseltaviksi näytöllä eri ympäristöissä käytössä olevien alan standardien mukaisesti.
Katseltavuusominaisuudet – mainoksen sijainti sivulla, mainoksen koko, näytön koko, kuvaportin koko, välilehden fokuksen tila, selaimen fokuksen tila, mainoksen aikakesto verkkosivuston katseltavissa olevassa osassa ja vierityspaikka verkkosivustossa kerätään, jotta voimme määrittää ja raportoida asiakkaillemme, oliko mainoksella mahdollisuus tulla katseltavaksi näytöllä.
Altistumisen ja sitoutumisen ominaisuudet – tiedot, jotka osoittavat, onko mainosta napsautettu, pyyhkäisty, napautettu tai kosketettu, onko sen kokoa muutettu, onko sen yli hypätty, onko se mykistetty, keskeytetty, käännetty, siirretty tai muutettu sen äänenvoimakkuutta, kerätään, jotta asiakkaamme voivat mitata mainoksen, mainoskampanjan tai median suorituskykyä.
Petosten torjuntaan kerättyjen ja käytettyjen tietojen ryhmät:
Pseudonyymisiä sähköisiä läsnäolo- ja laitetunnisteita – kuten IP-osoite, käyttäjäagentin merkkijono tai näiden kahden arvon yhdistelmän johdannaiset – käytetään sen arvioimiseen, osallistuuko tai liittyykö verkkoläsnäolo tai laite vilpilliseen ohjelmaan.
Maavarmennuksen käyttöön kerättyjen ja käytettyjen tietojen ryhmät:
Pseudonyymiset sähköiset läsnäolo- ja laitetunnisteet – IP-osoite – kerätään niihin liittyvän maantieteellisen sijainnin määrittämiseksi. Jokainen IP-osoite liittyy tiettyyn maahan, ja Yhdysvalloissa se voi liittyä tarkempiin tietoihin postinumerosta alkaen. Sinusta ei koskaan kerätä tarkkoja sijaintitietoja.
Rajoitetuissa olosuhteissa jotkut sen asiakkaat, esimerkiksi ”seinäpuutarhana” toimivat asiakkaat, voivat vaatia DoubleVerify-palvelua käsittelemään muita henkilötietoja ratkaisujen mahdollistamiseksi. Tällaiset ylimääräiset henkilötiedot voivat liittyä loppukäyttäjiin, henkilöihin, jotka luovat tilejä tällaisiin ”seinäpuutarhaan”, tai henkilöihin, jotka luovat sisältöä, joka on julkaistu tällaisissa ”seinäpuutarhaympäristöissä”. Siinä määrin kuin yksi sen ”seinäpuutarhana” toimivista asiakkaista vaatii DoubleVerifyta käsittelemään ylimääräisiä henkilötietoja tiettyjen ratkaisujen mahdollistamiseksi, DoubleVerify käsittelee henkilötietoja ainoastaan täyttääkseen velvollisuutensa asiakasta kohtaan ja tarkasti asiakkaan ohjeiden mukaisesti, kuten on tarpeen ratkaisujen käyttämiseksi, ylläpitämiseksi ja tarvittaessa parantamiseksi. Työskentelemme ahkerasti näiden asiakkaiden kanssa varmistaaksemme, että käsiteltävät henkilötiedot rajoittuvat vain henkilötietoihin, joita tarvitaan näiden tarkoitusten saavuttamiseksi. Rajoitetuissa olosuhteissa vuorovaikutuksemme ”aidattujen puutarhojen” kanssa voi johtaa henkilötietojen satunnaiseen vastaanottamiseen. DoubleVerify pyrkii huolellisesti valvomaan kaikkia tällaisia tapauksia varmistaakseen, että kyseisiä henkilötietoja ei käsitellä niiden vastaanottamisen jälkeen, paitsi niiden poistamiseksi turvallisesti järjestelmistämme. Koska näissä tilanteissa henkilötietojen tietyt luokat riippuvat asiakkaan mukautetusta integraatiosta ja päätöksistä ja vaihtelevat asiakkaasta toiseen, suosittelemme, että otat yhteyttä yksittäiseen asiakkaaseen tai tarkistat heidän tiloissaan käytettävissä olevat tietosuoja-asiakirjat, jos sinulla on kysyttävää asiasta.
Ratkaisuja ei ole tarkoitettu tai suunnattu lasten henkilötietojen käsittelyyn. Emme tietoisesti kerää henkilökohtaisia tietoja lapsilta, huomioiden, miten lasta koskeva termi on aika ajoin määritetty sovellettavissa laeissa. Jos olet lapsen vanhempi tai huoltaja ja uskot, että lapsesi henkilötietoja on saatettu käsitellä ratkaisujen kautta, ota meihin yhteyttä jäljempänä kohdassa 13 ”
Kuinka DoubleVerifyhin voi ottaa yhteyttä
” annettujen ohjeiden mukaisesti, niin ryhdymme toimenpiteisiin poistaaksemme lapsen henkilötiedot turvallisesti järjestelmistämme.
4. Miten käytämme keräämiämme tietoja?
DoubleVerify käyttää ainoastaan tämän ratkaisujen tietosuojailmoituksen kohdassa 3 ”
Mitä tietoja keräämme ja mihin tarkoituksiin?
” kuvattuihin tarkoituksiin kerättyjä teknisiä tietoja ja henkilötietoja. Yleisesti ottaen teknisiä tietoja ja henkilötietojasi käsitellään asiakkaillemme suunnattua raportointia, koontinäyttöjä, palautetta ja näkemyksiä (”
raportointi
”) varten. Kaikki raportointi missä tahansa muodossa anonymisoidaan ja koostetaan, tai jos vaikutelmatason tietoja tarvitaan, jokainen vaikutelma tehdään tunnistamattomaksi, jotta voidaan varmistaa, että henkilötietojasi ei koskaan jaeta asiakkaille. Edellä mainitusta huolimatta raportointi, joka on luotu ”seinäpuutarhana” toimiville asiakkaille (esimerkiksi sosiaalisen median yritykset) ja muille asiakkaille, jotka käyttävät tällaista raportointia (esimerkiksi yhtiöt, jotka mainostavat sosiaalisen median syötteissä), voi sisältää tietoja henkilöistä, jotka luovat tilejä tällaisissa ”seinäpuutarhassa” tai henkilöistä, jotka luovat sisältöä, joka on julkaistu tällaisissa ”seinäpuutarhaympäristössä”. Tässä osiossa on lisätietoja siitä, miten teknisiä tietoja ja henkilötietojasi käsitellään tämän ratkaisujen tietosuojailmoituksen osiossa 3 määritettyjen liiketoiminnallisten tarkoitusten saavuttamiseksi.
DoubleVerify käyttää ratkaisujen kautta kerättyjä teknisiä tietoja, kuten kohdassa 3.1 on määritetty, seuraavilla tavoilla:
Analysoidaksemme ja raportoidaksemme kontekstia, jossa mainokset näytetään, niiden laatua, aitoutta ja suorituskykyä. Erityisesti tiedot, jotka kuvaavat, onko näytettävä mainos asiakkaan ennalta asettamien lakisääteisten ja sijoitusvaatimusten sekä asiakkaan järjestelmässämme määrittämien mieltymysasetusten mukainen.
Näkemysten ja ennaltaehkäisevien päätösten tarjoaminen vaikutelmamahdollisuuksista. DoubleVerifyn teknologia analysoi vaikutelmamahdollisuuden dataominaisuuksia ja määrittää, tuleeko asiakkaan mainos näyttää vai ei esimerkiksi määrittämällä esimerkiksi, että ympäröivä sisältö ei vastaa kyseisen asiakkaan brändäystä ja mieltymyksiä.
DoubleVerify käyttää petosten torjumiseen ratkaisujen kautta kerättyjä osioissa 3.1 ja 3.2 määriteltyjä teknisiä tietoja ja henkilötietoja seuraaviin tarkoituksiin:
Mainosten tiettyjen bottiohjattujen, muiden kuin ihmisten käyttämien selainten tuottamien vilpillisten vaikutelmien tarkastelu ja tunnistaminen.
Epäkelvon liikenteen, kuten mainosinjektorien tuottaman liikenteen, datakeskuksista peräisin olevan liikenteen, vääristellyn liikenteen, emuloidun liikenteen ja muuntyyppisen epäkelvon liikenteen arviointi ja tunnistaminen.
Vilpillistä liikennettä sisältävän ja/tai vilpillisiä mainosvaikutelmia luovien verkkosivustojen, mobiililaitteiden ja yhdistettyjen laitteiden sovelluksien ja median ominaisuuksien analysoiminen ja tunnistaminen.
Vilpilliseen mainontaan osallistuvien verkkosivustojen liikennemallien tunnistaminen.
Bottiohjattujen, muiden kuin ihmisten käyttämien selainten tuottaman liikenteen ja ihmisten käyttämien selainten tuottaman liikenteen erottaminen toisistaan.
Sen määrittäminen, noudattavatko analysoidut mainokset asiakkaidemme asettamia sovellettavia lakisääteisiä vaatimuksia ja mieltymyksiä.
Sen määrittäminen, yrittääkö väliohjelmisto esittää virheellisiä käyttöominaisuuksiaan petosten tai muun epäkelvon liikenteen tunnistamisen estämiseksi.
Sen määrittäminen, ovatko verkkosivuston liikenne tai mainosten vaikutelmat peräisin palvelinfarmilta eivätkä ihmisen aikaansaamasta selaustoiminnasta.
Sen määrittäminen, onko liikennettä hankittu vilpillisillä käytännöillä tai muilla liikenteen hankkimiskäytännöillä, jotka eivät ole asiakkaan ohjeiden tai mieltymysten mukaisia.
Tietojen luominen IP-osoitteista ja käyttäjäagenttien merkkijonoista, jotka liittyvät vilpillisiin järjestelyihin ja muuhun kuin ihmisten aiheuttamaan liikenteeseen (”petostaulukot”). Koska tällaiset tietopisteet liittyvät vuorovaikutukseen muiden kuin ihmisten kanssa, ne eivät ole henkilötietoja.
Maantieteellisen alueen todentamiseen liittyen DoubleVerify käyttää petosten torjuntaan ratkaisujen kautta kerättyjä osiossa 3.3 määriteltyjä teknisiä tietoja ja henkilötietoja seuraaviin tarkoituksiin:
Arvioimaan korkealla tasolla (maa, osavaltio, alue tai Yhdysvaltain asukkaiden tapauksessa postinumero) loppukäyttäjän maantieteellinen sijainti ja varmistamaan, sijaitseeko loppukäyttäjä asiakkaan kampanjassa tai liikenneasetuksissa määritellyllä alueella.
Siinä määrin kuin yksi sen ”seinäpuutarhana” toimivista asiakkaista vaatii DoubleVerifyta käsittelemään ylimääräisiä henkilötietoja tiettyjen ratkaisujen mahdollistamiseksi, DoubleVerify käsittelee henkilötietoja ainoastaan täyttääkseen velvollisuutensa asiakasta kohtaan ja tarkasti asiakkaan ohjeiden mukaisesti, kuten on tarpeen ratkaisujen käyttämiseksi, ylläpitämiseksi ja tarvittaessa parantamiseksi. Jos sinulla on kysyttävää, suosittelemme, että otat yhteyttä yksittäiseen asiakkaaseen tai tarkistat heidän tiloissaan saataville tuomansa tietosuoja-asiakirjat.
5. Miten ja kenelle luovutamme tietoja?
DoubleVerify ei luovuta henkilötietoja kolmansille osapuolille, ellei se ole ehdottoman välttämätöntä liiketoimintatarkoitustemme kannalta ratkaisujemme operoimiseksi, ylläpitämiseksi ja parantamiseksi. Jos jaamme vapaaehtoisesti henkilötietoja, me varmistamme, että vastaanottajat suojaavat niitä omien käytäntöjemme ja standardiemme mukaisesti.
Saatamme jakaa henkilötietojasi seuraavien kanssa:
Palveluntarjoajat – yhtiöt, jotka tarjoavat meille sopimuksen nojalla palveluita, kuten IT- ja järjestelmänhallinta-, infrastruktuuri- ja isännöintipalveluja, tutkimusta ja analytiikkaa, tukea ja laadunvarmistusta, turvallisuuspalveluita ja muita palveluita edellä kuvattuihin tarkoituksiin ja edellä kuvatun oikeusperusteen mukaisesti. Voit pyytää luettelon palveluntarjoajistamme, niiden vastaanottamista henkilötiedoista ja tietojen tarkoituksista ottamalla meihin yhteyttä. Yhteystiedot ovat tämän ratkaisujen tietosuojailmoituksen kohdassa 13 ”
Kuinka DoubleVerifyhin voi ottaa yhteyttä
”.
Osakkuusyhtiöt – kuten emoyhtiö, sisaryhtiöt, tytäryhtiöt, yhteisyritykset tai muut yhteisesti hallinnoidut yhtiöt siinä määrin kuin tietojen jakaminen on tarpeen ratkaisujemme operoimiseksi, ylläpitämiseksi ja parantamiseksi. Voit pyytää luettelon palveluntarjoajistamme, niiden vastaanottamista henkilötiedoista ja tietojen tarkoituksista ottamalla meihin yhteyttä. Yhteystiedot ovat tämän ratkaisujen tietosuojailmoituksen kohdassa 13 ”
Kuinka DoubleVerifyhin voi ottaa yhteyttä
”.
Asiakkaidemme käyttämät kolmannet osapuolet – tukeaksemme asiakkaitamme saatamme integroida ratkaisumme muihin asiakkaidemme käyttämiin työkaluihin ja palveluihin, jotta voisimme tarjota entistä parempia palveluita ja raportointiominaisuuksia. Emme saa missään tapauksessa tietoja näistä integroinneista, joiden avulla DoubleVerify voi rikastaa tietojaan ja tunnistaa loppukäyttäjiä. Rajoitetuissa tapauksissa saatamme jakaa vaikutelmatason tietoja sellaisten yritysten kanssa, joita asiakkaamme käyttävät tekemään tutkimuksia markkinoinnin tehokkuudesta. Rajoitetuissa olosuhteissa asiakkaamme voivat kehottaa meitä jakamaan tiettyjä henkilötietoja, joita tarvitaan sellaisen tuotteen tai palvelun toiminnan mahdollistamiseksi, jota DoubleVerify ei hallinnoi.
Yrityskauppaan osallistuvat kolmannet osapuolet – jos DoubleVerify ostetaan tai fuusioidaan toisen yrityksen kanssa tai jos kyseessä on uudelleenjärjestely, lakkauttaminen tai muu perustavanlaatuinen yritysmuutos.
Meillä saattaa olla lakisääteinen velvollisuus luovuttaa henkilötietojasi:
(a) jos valtiollinen elin, tuomioistuin, lainvalvontaviranomainen tai sääntelyviranomainen vaatii tällaista luovutusta (esimerkiksi osana käynnissä olevaa tutkintaa, haastetta tai vastaavaa oikeusprosessia tai -menettelyä)
(b) siten kuin sovellettava laki, asetus tai säädös muutoin vaatii
(c) jos uskomme vilpittömästi, että tällainen luovuttaminen on tarpeen oikeuksiemme tai muiden oikeuksien suojaamiseksi tai puolustamiseksi, tutkinnan avustamiseksi tai laittoman toiminnan estämiseksi.
Petostaulukoita ja muita petosten torjuntaan liittyviä raportteja, tietosyötteitä, ohjelmointirajapintoja ja koontinäyttöjä, jotka eivät sisällä henkilötietoja, voidaan jakaa asiakkaiden ja muiden kolmansien osapuolien, kuten esimerkiksi alan organisaatioiden, kanssa tai saattaa asiakkaiden ja muiden kolmansien osapuolten saataville tarpeen mukaan DoubleVerifyn liiketoimintatarkoitusten toteuttamiseksi, jotta ratkaisujemme petostentorjuntaosa voidaan toimittaa ja jotta sitä voidaan ylläpitää ja parantaa ja jotta mainospetoksia voidaan torjua.
Emme jaa henkilötietojasi asiakkaidemme kanssa. Kaikki raportointiportaalimme kautta asiakkaille tarjoamamme raportit ja analytiikka ovat nimettömiä, mikä tarkoittaa, että ne eivät sisällä henkilötietoja. Raportit kootaan yleensä yhteen, mutta rajoitetuissa tapauksissa vaikutelmatason raportointi toimitetaan asiakkaillemme FTP-päätepisteiden tai API-rajapintojen kautta, kun kyseiset raportit eivät sisällä henkilötietoja. Saatamme jakaa nimettömiä teknisiä tietoja kootuissa muodoissa tai raakamuodossa kolmansille osapuolille, kun katsomme tämän tarpeelliseksi liiketoiminnallisissa tarkoituksissamme ratkaisujen tarjoamiseksi, ylläpitämiseksi ja parantamiseksi. Lisäksi saatamme jakaa nimettömiä tai tunnistamattomiksi tehtyjä tietoja kootusti normaalin liiketoimintamme yhteydessä; esimerkiksi julkaistaksemme tapaustutkimuksia ja raportteja trendien esittämiseksi ratkaisujemme eduista ja suorituskyvystä.
Epäselvyyksien välttämiseksi DoubleVerify ei luovuta henkilötietoja tahoille, jotka toimivat CCPA:n tai sen kaltaisten lakien mukaan ”yrityksenä” tai ”kolmantena osapuolena”.
6. Kuinka kauan säilytämme henkilötietoja?
DoubleVerify säilyttää kaikkia ratkaisujensa kautta käsiteltyjä henkilötietoja vain niin kauan kuin tässä ratkaisujen tietosuojailmoituksessa kuvattujen tarkoitusten toteuttamiseksi on tarpeen, ei kuitenkaan pidempään kuin neljäkymmentäviisi (45) päivää. Kyseisen ajanjakson päättyessä henkilötiedot poistetaan turvallisesti DoubleVerifyn järjestelmistä.
Petostaulukot voidaan säilyttää määräämättömän ajan petostentorjuntaratkaisun asianmukaisen toiminnan varmistamiseksi.
Koska tekniset tiedot ovat luonteeltaan nimettömiä tietoja, DoubleVerify voi säilyttää niitä määräämättömän ajan tai niin kauan kuin DoubleVerifyn käytännöissä on toisin määrätty ja niin kauan kuin sovellettavat lait ja DoubleVerifyn asiakkaiden kanssa solmitut sopimukset sallivat.
7. Kuinka henkilötiedot suojataan?
DoubleVerify on toteuttanut asianmukaiset tekniset, fyysiset ja organisatoriset toimenpiteet, joiden tarkoitus on suojata henkilötietoja tahattomalta tai laittomalta tuhoamiselta tai vahingossa tapahtuvalta häviämiseltä, vahingoittumiselta, muuttamiselta, luvattomalta luovuttamiselta tai käytöltä sekä kaikilta muilta laittomilta käsittelytavoilta. Vaikka noudatamme yleisesti hyväksyttyjä normeja ja parhaita käytäntöjä henkilötietojen suojaamiseksi, mikään säilytys- tai siirtomenetelmä ei ole täysin turvallinen. Pyrimme kuitenkin jatkuvasti parantamaan suojatoimiamme ja pitämään henkilötietosi turvassa.
8. Miten henkilötietoja siirretään maiden välillä?
Huomaa, että keräämiämme henkilötietoja voidaan siirtää palvelimille tai tietokantoihin tai säilyttää palvelimilla tai tietokannoissa, jotka sijaitsevat oman osavaltiosi, maakuntasi, maasi tai muun lainkäyttöalueesi ulkopuolella. Vaikka henkilötietosi voidaan lähettää paikallisen väliaikaisen tietokeskuksen kautta, jotta ratkaisut olisivat tehokkaita ja responsiivisia, DoubleVerify säilyttää viime kädessä kaikki Yhdysvalloissa sijaitsevien ratkaisujen kautta kerätyt henkilötiedot. Maailmanlaajuisena yhtiönä toimimme Yhdysvalloissa, Yhdistyneessä kuningaskunnassa, Ranskassa, Belgiassa, Suomessa, Saksassa, Israelissa, Kanadassa, Meksikossa, Brasiliassa, Japanissa, Intiassa, Singaporessa ja Australiassa. Näiden toimipaikkojen työntekijöidemme saatetaan edellyttää pääsevän henkilötietoihisi ratkaisujemme tukemiseksi. Joissakin näistä paikoista, kuten Yhdysvalloissa, käytössä oleva tietosuojan taso voi olla alhaisempi kuin Euroopan unionissa tai muilla lainkäyttöalueilla, joilla on säädetty vahvoja tietosuojalakeja ja -säädöksiä.
Ryhdymme toimenpiteisiin varmistaaksemme, että henkilötietosi säilytetään turvallisesti ja että ne täyttävät Euroopan unionin alueen yrityksille asetetut tietosuoja- ja tietoturvavaatimukset. Varmistamme myös, että kaikki muut henkilötietojesi vastaanottajat tarjoavat riittävän suojaus- ja turvallisuustason esimerkiksi solmimalla asianmukaiset peräkkäissopimukset ja tarvittaessa vakiosopimuslausekkeet tai vaihtoehtoisen mekanismin tietojen siirtoon Euroopan komission tai muun soveltuvan sääntelyviranomaisen hyväksymällä tavalla. DoubleVerifyn tässä tietosuojailmoituksessa kuvatut tietosuojakäytännöt noudattavat APEC Cross Border Privacy Rules (CBPR) -järjestelmää ja Privacy Recognition for Processors (PRP) -järjestelmää. APEC CBPR -järjestelmä ja APEC PRP -järjestelmä tarjoavat organisaatioille puitteet, joilla varmistetaan järjestelmiin osallistuvien APEC-maiden välillä siirrettyjen henkilötietojen suojaus. Lisätietoja APEC-puitteista on
täällä
. Jos sinulla on kysyttävää siitä, missä säilytämme henkilötietoja, voit ottaa meihin yhteyttä tämän maailmanlaajuisen tietosuojailmoituksen osiossa 13 ”
Kuinka DoubleVerifyhin voi ottaa yhteyttä
” kuvatulla tavalla.
Lisäksi DoubleVerify Inc. ja sen tytäryhtiöt Outrigger Media, Inc. d/b/a OpenSlate ja, Scibids Technology Inc., Zentrick Inc. (“DoubleVerify”), noudattavat EU:n ja Yhdysvaltojen Tietosuojakehystä (EU:n ja USA:n DPF / EU:n ja Yhdysvaltojen DPF), Yhdistyneen kuningaskunnan laajennusta EU:n ja Yhdysvaltojen väliseen DPF:ään sekä Sveitsin ja Yhdysvaltojen välistä Tietosuojakehystä (Sveitsin ja Yhdysvaltojen DPF) Yhdysvaltain kauppaministeriön määrittämällä tavalla. DoubleVerify on saanut Yhdysvaltain kauppaministeriöltä sertifikaatin, jonka mukaan DoubleVerify noudattaa EU:n ja Yhdysvaltojen Tietosuojakehyksen periaatteita (EU:n ja Yhdysvaltojen DPF-periaatteet), jotka koskevat Euroopan unionista saatujen henkilötietojen käsittelyä EU:n ja Yhdysvaltojen DPF:n nojalla / siihen luottaen sekä Yhdistyneestä kuningaskunnasta (ja Gibraltarista) saatujen henkilötietojen käsittelyä EU:n ja Yhdysvaltojen DPF:n Yhdistyneen kuningaskunnan laajennuksen mukaisesti. DoubleVerify on saanut Yhdysvaltain kauppaministeriöltä sertifikaatin, jonka mukaan DoubleVerify noudattaa Sveitsin ja Yhdysvaltojen Tietosuojan puiteperiaatteita (Sveitsin ja Yhdysvaltojen DPF-periaatteet) Sveitsistä saatujen henkilötietojen yhteydessä Sveitsin ja Yhdysvaltojen väliseen DPF:ään nojaten.  Jos tämän tietosuojakäytännön ehtojen ja EU:n ja Yhdysvaltojen DPF-periaatteiden ja/tai Sveitsin ja Yhdysvaltojen DPF-periaatteiden välillä on ristiriita, periaatteet hallitsevat.  Lisätietoja tietosuojakehysohjelmasta (DPF, Data Privacy Framework) ja sertifioinneistamme saat osoitteesta https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/.
DoubleVerify on vastuussa DPF:n nojalla vastaanottamiensa ja myöhemmin puolestaan edustajana toimiville kolmansille osapuolille siirtämiensä henkilötietojen käsittelystä.  DoubleVerify noudattaa DPF-periaatteita kaikkien EU:sta, Yhdistyneestä kuningaskunnasta ja Sveitsistä peräisin olevien henkilötietojen edelleensiirroissa, mukaan lukien edelleensiirtoon liittyviä vastuita koskevat määräykset.
Liittovaltion kauppakomissiolla on toimivalta DoubleVerifyn EU:n ja Yhdysvaltojen väliseen DPF:n, Yhdistyneen kuningaskunnan laajennuksen EU:n ja Yhdysvaltojen väliseen DPF:ään sekä Sveitsin ja Yhdysvaltojen väliseen DPF:ään. Tietyissä tilanteissa DoubleVerifyta saatetaan vaatia luovuttamaan henkilötietoja vastauksena viranomaisten laillisiin pyyntöihin, mukaan lukien kansallisen turvallisuuden tai lainvalvonnan vaatimusten täyttämiseksi.
EU:n ja Yhdysvaltojen DPF:n, EU:n ja Yhdysvaltojen DPF:n Yhdistyneen kuningaskunnan laajennuksen ja Sveitsin ja Yhdysvaltojen DPF:n mukaisesti DoubleVerify sitoutuu siirtämään ratkaisemattomat valitukset, jotka koskevat EU:n ja Yhdysvaltojen DPF:n, EU:n ja Yhdysvaltojen DPF:n Yhdistyneen kuningaskunnan laajennuksen ja Sveitsin ja Yhdysvaltojen DPF:n perusteella saamiemme henkilötietojen käsittelyä, TRUSTe:lle, joka on Yhdysvalloissa sijaitseva vaihtoehtoinen riidanratkaisupalveluiden tarjoaja.  Jos et saa meiltä hyvissä ajoin hyväksyntää DPF-periaatteisiin liittyvästä valituksestasi tai jos emme ole käsitelleet DPF-periaatteisiin liittyvää valitustasi sinua tyydyttävällä tavalla, käy osoitteessa https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request saadaksesi lisätietoja tai tehdäksesi valituksen.  Nämä riidanratkaisupalvelut ovat sinulle maksuttomia.
Jos DPF:n vaatimustenmukaisuutta koskevia valituksia ei ole ratkaistu muilla DPF-mekanismeilla, sinulla on tietyissä olosuhteissa mahdollisuus käynnistää sitova välimiesmenettely. Lisätietoja löytyy DPF:n viralliselta verkkosivustolta.
9. Mitkä ovat oikeutesi?
Tietyillä lainkäyttöalueilla loppukäyttäjillä voi olla rekisteröidyn oikeuksia, joiden perusteella he voivat esittää henkilötietoihinsa liittyviä pyyntöjä. Useimmat lainkäyttöalueet antavat loppukäyttäjille myös oikeuden saada tietoa siitä, miten henkilötietoja kerätään ja käytetään ja kenen kanssa niitä on saatettu jakaa tai kenelle niitä on saatettu luovuttaa ja mihin tarkoituksiin. DoubleVerifyn ratkaisujen tietosuojailmoitus on tarkoitettu täyttämään tällaiset vaatimukset, mutta jos sinulla on muita kysymyksiä tai haluat ymmärtää paremmin, miten henkilötietojasi on voitu kerätä, käyttää tai kenen kanssa niitä on saatettu jakaa tai kenelle niitä on saatettu luovuttaa ja miksi, ota meihin yhteyttä osiossa 13 ”
Kuinka DoubleVerifyhin voi ottaa yhteyttä
” kuvatulla tavalla.
Euroopan talousalueen, muun muassa Yhdistyneen kuningaskunnan, Sveitsin tai Kalifornian asukkailla on useita oikeuksia sovellettavien tietosuojalakien ja -määräysten, kuten GDPR ja CCPA, nojalla. Jos haluat käyttää näitä oikeuksia, täytä
tämä lomake
tai ota meihin yhteyttä osiossa 13 ”
Kuinka DoubleVerifyhin voi ottaa yhteyttä
” kuvatulla tavalla. Tiettyjen lakien ja määräysten, kuten CCPA:n, mukaisesti voit myös nimetä valtuutetun edustajan lähettämään pyynnön tai käyttämään oikeutta puolestasi. Emme syrji sinua tai kohdista sinuun vastatoimia oikeuksiesi käyttämisestä.
Nämä oikeudet ovat:
Oikeus tutustua henkilötietoihin, joita meillä saattaa olla sinusta, mukaan lukien tiedot tietojen ryhmistä ja tietyistä henkilötiedoista.
Oikeus korjata hallussamme olevia sinua koskevia virheellisiä henkilötietoja. Muista, että keräämiemme henkilötietojen luonteen ja keräämismenetelmämme vuoksi on erittäin epätodennäköistä, että säilytämme virheellisiä tai korjausta vaativia henkilötietoja.
Oikeus pyytää, että DoubleVerify poistaa hallussaan olevat henkilötietosi.
Oikeus pyytää, että sinua koskevien henkilötietojen käsittely keskeytetään tai rajoitetaan tietyksi ajaksi, esimerkiksi kun arvioit, onko sinulla muita oikeuksia, joita haluat käyttää.
Siinä määrin kuin henkilötietojasi käsitellään oikeutetun edun perusteella, sinulla on oikeus vastustaa tällaista käsittelyä.
Siltä osin kuin henkilötietojasi käsitellään suostumuksesi perusteella, oikeus peruuttaa kyseinen suostumus IAB Europen avoimuus- ja suostumuskehyksen
Täytämme kaikki loppukäyttäjää koskevat pyynnöt mahdollisimman hyvin, jos voimme yhdistää loppukäyttäjän järjestelmissämme oleviin henkilötietoihin. Tietyissä olosuhteissa meitä saatetaan kuitenkin vaatia vahvistamaan henkilöllisyytesi pyynnön täyttämiseksi. Henkilöllisyytesi varmistamiseksi tai pyyntösi laajuuden ymmärtämiseksi meidän on ehkä pyydettävä lisätietoja sinusta. Sinua ei vaadita luomaan tiliä, jotta voisit lähettää meille pyynnön tai saada siihen vastauksen. Sinun on annettava sähköpostiosoite, jotta voimme viestiä kanssasi ja tukea pyyntöäsi, sekä kaikki tiedot, joita saatamme tarvita varmistaaksemme, onko meillä henkilötietojasi. Huomaathan, että tietyissä olosuhteissa emme pysty täyttämään pyyntöäsi, mutta jos emme pysty täyttämään pyyntöäsi, selitämme syyn siihen. Jos emme säilytä mitään sinua koskevia henkilötietoja, ilmoitamme asiasta sinulle. Pyrimme parhaan kykymme mukaan vastaamaan kaikkiin kyselyihin ja pyyntöihin niin pian kuin on kohtuudella mahdollista, mutta vastaamiseen saattaa kulua jopa kolmekymmentä (30) päivää.
Jos DoubleVerify toimii sovellettavassa laissa määriteltynä ”henkilötietojen käsittelijänä”, ”toimeksiantajana”/”urakoitsijana” tai ”palveluntarjoajana”, sinun on ehkä osoitettava oikeuksiesi käyttämistä koskevat pyyntösi asianomaiselle asiakkaalle, joka toimii ”rekisterinpitäjänä” tai ”yrityksenä”.
10. Muut tietojen luovutukset
Tietyt tietosuojalait ja -määräykset, kuten CCPA, edellyttävät yritysten ilmoittavan sen, myyvätkö ne henkilötietoja. DoubleVerify ei luovuta henkilötietoja tavalla, joka muodostaisi Kalifornian, Virginian ja Nevadan tai samankaltaisten lakien mukaisen ”myynnin” tai ”jakamisen”.
11. Käyttääkö DoubleVerify tekoälyä?
DoubleVerify käyttää tekoälyä eri tarkoituksiin ja eri tavoin koko organisaatiossa. DoubleVerify hyödyntää tekoälytekniikoita, mutta se ei harjoita automatisoitua päätöksentekoa sovellettavien tietosuojalakien ja -määräysten määrittelemällä tavalla.
12. Sovellettava laki
Sovellettavin osin ja sovellettavan lainsäädännön ja säädösten puitteissa tätä ratkaisujen tietosuojailmoitusta hallitaan ja tulkitaan Yhdysvaltain Delawaren osavaltion lakien mukaisesti, ja riitojen käsittelyn oikeuspaikka on Delawaressa.
13. Teemmekö päivityksiä tähän ratkaisujen tietosuojailmoitukseen?
Voimme päivittää tätä ratkaisujen tietosuojailmoitusta ajoittain, jotta se vastaa ratkaisujemme, käytäntöjemme ja periaatteidemme muutoksia tai muita sisäisiä tai ulkoisia muutoksia ja jotta se noudattaa uusia lakisääteisiä vaatimuksia. Kaikki muutokset julkaistaan heti niiden tultua voimaan. Jos teemme päivityksiä, päivitämme tämän ratkaisujen tietosuojailmoituksen yläosassa mainitun voimaantulopäivän, jotta ymmärtäisit, milloin muutoksia tehtiin. Pysyäksesi ajan tasalla tällaisista päivityksistä me suosittelemme, että tutustut tähän ratkaisujen tietosuojailmoitukseen säännöllisesti.  Huomaa, että kaikki tämän ratkaisujen tietosuojailmoituksen käännökset on tarkoitettu ainoastaan helpottamaan näihin tietoihin tutustumista. Englanninkielinen versio on tämän ratkaisujen tietosuojailmoituksen ainoa virallinen versio, ja kaikki käännöksissä ilmenevät epätarkkuudet tai epäjohdonmukaisuudet eivät ole sitovia eikä niillä ole oikeudellista vaikutusta vaatimustenmukaisuus- tai täytäntöönpanotarkoituksiin.
14. Kuinka DoubleVerifyhin voi ottaa yhteyttä?
Jos sinulla on kysyttävää, huolenaiheita tai kommentteja tästä ratkaisun tietosuojailmoituksesta tai jos uskot, että henkilötietojasi on käytetty tietosuojailmoituksen tai valintojesi vastaisesti, voit ottaa yhteyttä tietosuojatiimiimme osoitteessa:
Privacy Officer / Data Protection Officer (Privacy Team)
DoubleVerify Inc.
462 Broadway
New York, NY 10013, Yhdysvallat
privacy-policy@doubleverify.com
Jos sinulla on ratkaisematon tietosuojaa tai tietojen käyttöä koskeva huolenaihe, jota emme ole käsitelleet tyydyttävästi, ota yhteyttä Yhdysvalloissa sijaitsevaan kolmantena osapuolena toimivaan riidanratkaisutarjoajaamme (maksuttomasti) osoitteessa
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
. Olemme sitoutuneet ratkaisemaan kaikki mahdolliset tietosuojaasi tai tätä ratkaisujen tietosuojailmoitusta koskevat valituksesi tai huolenaiheesi oikeudenmukaisesti. Jos kuitenkin uskot, ettemme ole pystyneet auttamaan sinua, mikään tässä ratkaisujen tietosuojailmoituksessa ei rajoita tai yritä rajoittaa sovellettavien lakien mukaisia oikeuksiasi, mukaan lukien mahdollisuuttasi tehdä asuinmaastasi riippuen valitus paikalliselle tietosuojaviranomaisellesi tai muulle virastolle, jolla on tietosuojaan liittyvien asioiden toimivalta.
Date d’entrée en vigueur : 28 juin 2024
Présentation
DoubleVerify, Inc., ainsi que ses filiales dans le monde, (collectivement, «
DoubleVerify
», «
nous
», «
notre
» ou «
nos
») est le leader du secteur en matière de transparence et de responsabilité dans la publicité en ligne. DoubleVerify utilise diverses technologies pour recueillir des informations sur la publicité en ligne, le trafic des sites Web, le trafic des applications mobiles et le trafic des appareils connectés afin de fournir des produits et des solutions de transparence et de responsabilité en matière de publicité (collectivement, les «
Solutions
»). Cet avis de confidentialité (l’«
Avis de confidentialité
des
Solutions
») explique qui nous sommes, la façon dont nous collectons, utilisons et partageons les données à caractère personnel via nos Solutions, ainsi que la façon dont vous pouvez exercer vos droits en matière de vie privée.
Si vous souhaitez obtenir plus d’informations sur la façon dont DoubleVerify traite les Données à caractère personnel collectées sur nos sites Web adressés au public, veuillez vous rendre sur notre
Avis de confidentialité relatif aux sites Web et au marketing
.
Si vous utilisez les Solutions DoubleVerify et que vous souhaitez en savoir plus sur la façon dont DoubleVerify traite les Données à caractère personnel collectées via nos outils de reporting, veuillez vous rendre sur notre
Avis de confidentialité relatif aux outils de reporting.
Liens rapides
Nous vous recommandons de lire intégralement cet Avis de confidentialité des Solutions pour vous assurer d’être pleinement informé. Toutefois, pour vous permettre de trouver plus facilement et de lire une partie en particulier dans ce Avis de confidentialité des Solutions, nous l’avons réparti en différentes rubriques :
Qui est DoubleVerify?
Quel est notre rôle, quels sont nos objectifs et sur quelle base légale nous appuyons-nous pour procéder au traitement?
Quelles données recueillons-nous et à quelles fins?
Comment utilisons-nous les données que nous collectons?
Comment et à qui divulguons-nous les données?
Combien de temps conservons-nous les Données à caractère personnel?
Comment les Données à caractère personnel sont-elles sécurisées?
Comment les Données à caractère personnel sont-elles transférées à l’international?
Quels sont vos droits?
Informations supplémentaires
DoubleVerify utilise-t-il l’intelligence artificielle?
Droit applicable
Mettons-nous à jour cet Avis de confidentialité des Solutions?
Comment contacter DoubleVerify?
1. Qui est DoubleVerify?
Les plateformes accréditées de DoubleVerify proposent des mesures, des données et des analyses indépendantes sur les médias numériques concernant la diffusion des impressions publicitaires (ou « annonces ») et le trafic sur les sites web, afin d’aider les annonceurs, les agences et les vendeurs d’inventaires publicitaires (collectivement, les «
Clients
») à confirmer les caractéristiques précises de diffusion, y compris la sécurité de la marque, les mesures de visibilité, les paramètres contextuels et environnementaux (par exemple le site web sur lequel une annonce apparaît, et l’endroit où elle apparaît sur la page web), les caractéristiques de qualité des impressions publicitaires et du trafic sur les sites web, et à apporter des informations qui permettent à nos Clients de prendre des décisions éclairées sur le placement de leurs créations et de leur marque.
Nous sommes convaincus de la nécessité d’offrir des protections solides de la vie privée à toute personne dont nous sommes susceptibles de traiter les données à quelque titre que ce soit, car nous pensons que la vie privée est un droit fondamental, et non quelque chose qui devrait dépendre de l’endroit où vous vivez. Pour respecter ce principe, nous traitons toutes les données qui se rapportent ou sont liées à une personne identifiée ou identifiable comme des « Données à caractère personnel », quelle que soit le lieu où se trouve cette personne. En ce qui concerne nos Solutions, DoubleVerify limite les données recueillies aux informations qui ne permettent pas d’identifier une personne sans informations supplémentaires. Par exemple, DoubleVerify traite votre adresse de protocole Internet (« IP »), qui est un numéro automatiquement attribué à un ordinateur lors de l’utilisation d’Internet. Bien que DoubleVerify traite ces informations en tant que Données à caractère personnel, conformément aux meilleures pratiques et aux lois applicables, nous ne combinons jamais ces informations avec d’autres données qui nous permettraient d’identifier la personne à laquelle elles se rapportent.
Le présent Avis de confidentialité des Solutions vise à informer les personnes dont les données peuvent être traitées par l’intermédiaire de nos Solutions (les «
Utilisateurs finaux
», «
vous
» ou «
votre
») de ce qui suit : (1) les types d’informations que DoubleVerify peut recueillir sur vous ou votre appareil lorsqu’une publicité analysée par nos soins vous est diffusée sur un site Web que vous consultez ou dans une application que vous utilisez, (2) nos pratiques en matière de confidentialité, la manière dont nous pouvons utiliser, partager et traiter autrement les informations qui sont considérées comme des Données à caractère personnel, et (3) quels sont vos droits concernant ces Données à caractère personnel. Cet Avis de confidentialité des Solutions explique également quelles données non personnelles (les «
Données techniques
») nous recueillons sur les publicités que nous suivons et comment nous les utilisons pour alimenter nos solutions.
2. Quel est notre rôle, quels sont nos objectifs et sur quelle base légale nous appuyons-nous pour procéder au traitement?
DoubleVerify comprend des Solutions d’identification et d’élimination de la fraude (l’«
Élimination de la fraude
») et de vérification de la conformité géographique («
Vérification géo
») qui nécessitent le traitement de données à caractère personnel. Sauf dans les circonstances limitées indiquées ci-dessous, s’agissant des lois et réglementations comme le Règlement général sur la protection des données (le «
RGPD
»), DoubleVerify exploite la solution Élimination de la fraude en tant que « responsable du traitement » et Vérification géo en tant que « sous-traitant ». En ce qui concerne la loi californienne sur la protection de la vie privée des consommateurs (la «
CCPA
») et d’autres cadres réglementaires d’État aux États-Unis, notre désignation peut varier en fonction de la relation spécifique avec chaque Client. Étant donné que les Données à caractère personnel que nous collectons le sont par notre technologie et qu’elles sont « mises à notre disposition » par nos Clients, nous intervenons généralement en tant que « prestataire » au titre de la CCPA ou en tant que « sous-traitant » en vertu d’autres lois et cadres réglementaires d’États aux États-Unis. Nonobstant ce qui précède, dans des circonstances limitées où les Données à caractère personnel sont partagées avec DoubleVerify par le biais d’intégrations personnalisées et d’autres moyens non standard, par exemple lorsque ces Données à caractère personnel sont recueillies et fournies par un client pour l’analyse de DoubleVerify, nous pouvons être considérés comme un « sous-traitant » ou un « prestataire de services » en vertu de la CCPA. Ce scénario est le plus courant dans nos partenariats avec les clients des réseaux sociaux et d’autres clients qui exploitent des environnements propriétaires, souvent appelés « jardins clos ».
Sauf pour Élimination de la fraude, notamment lorsque cela est nécessaire pour qualifier les impressions conformément aux pratiques standard du secteur (par exemple, les directives du Media Ratings Council), et pour Vérification géo, les autres solutions de DoubleVerify (telles que la visibilité, la sécurité de la marque et l’adéquation) ne nécessitent généralement pas le traitement de Données à caractère personnel. Toutefois, dans certaines circonstances, notamment lorsque nous fournissons de telles solutions à des clients qui exploitent des « jardins clos », ces clients, en tant que responsables du traitement, peuvent demander à DoubleVerify de traiter des Données à caractère personnel supplémentaires sur les Utilisateurs finaux ou les personnes qui créent des comptes et du contenu dans les environnements du Client. Dans un tel scénario, la détermination des Données à caractère personnel traitées est faite par les Clients, qui, en tant que responsables du traitement, déterminent également, à leur seule discrétion, la base légale du traitement de ces Données à caractère personnel. Pour de plus amples informations sur les pratiques de ces Clients en matière de protection de la vie privée, les Données à caractère personnel traitées et la base juridique applicable au traitement, vous devez consulter l’avis ou les déclarations de confidentialité pertinents et applicables de chaque Client. Si vous contactez DoubleVerify pour vous renseigner sur ces programmes, nous pouvons vous fournir quelques informations de base sur le travail que nous effectuons pour ces Clients, mais nous vous recommandons de contacter le Client en question ou de consulter la documentation sur la confidentialité qu’il met à disposition sur ses propriétés.
Telle qu’elle se rapporte aux lois comme le RGPD, la base juridique de DoubleVerify pour le traitement des Données à caractère personnel par l’intermédiaire de nos Solutions est l’intérêt légitime : (i) de nos Clients pour éviter les fraudes liées à la publicité et présenter des informations géographiquement exactes et conformes aux Utilisateurs finaux, (ii) des Utilisateurs finaux pour recevoir des informations sans fraude, géographiquement exactes et conformes, et (iii) du grand public pour la disponibilité continue d’un Internet libre.
DoubleVerify participe au Cadre de transparence et de consentement de l’IAB ((TCFv2.2, Identifiant de fournisseur 126), et nous nous appuyons sur nos intérêts légitimes pour collecter les données aux fins suivantes :
Assurer la sécurité, prévenir et détecter la fraude, et corriger les erreurs (Finalité spéciale n°1)
Fournir et présenter de la publicité et du contenu (Finalité spéciale n°2)
Enregistrer et communiquer les choix en matière de protection de la vie privée (Finalité spéciale n°3)
Mesurer la performance de la publicité (Finalité 7)
Développer des services et les améliorer (Finalité 10)
Dans des scénarios limités, l’entité en charge du Cadre de transparence et de consentement d’IAB Europe sur le site où sont déployées les Solutions DoubleVerify peut soumettre notre Solution Vérification géo au consentement. Dans ces cas très limités, le consentement s’appliquerait aux cas suivants :
Utiliser des données limitées pour sélectionner la publicité (Finalité 2)
Mesurer la performance de la publicité (Finalité 7)
Développer des services et les améliorer (Finalité 10)
3. Quelles données recueillons-nous et à quelles fins?
DoubleVerify, pour mener à bien ses objectifs commerciaux consistant à fournir, maintenir et améliorer ses solutions, recueille et utilise certaines catégories de données à caractère personnel et de Données techniques. Les catégories de Données à caractère personnel et de Données techniques traitées par les solutions DoubleVerify sont décrites ci-dessous. Dans la mesure où les Données à caractère personnel sont nécessaires au fonctionnement d’une ou plusieurs fonctionnalités d’une solution DoubleVerify, ces Données à caractère personnel ne seront utilisées que pour les finalités précises décrites ci-dessous, sauf si la loi l’exige. En outre, dans certaines circonstances, il peut être nécessaire de traiter les Données à caractère personnel en conjonction avec certaines Données techniques pour que les Solutions de DoubleVerify fonctionnent correctement. Dans tous ces scénarios, les données combinées sont considérées comme des Données à caractère personnel et sont protégées en conséquence. Nous ne combinons, n’analysons ou n’enrichissons jamais les Données à caractère personnel et les Données techniques que nous traitons avec des informations supplémentaires dans le but d’identifier les Utilisateurs finaux. Nous ne suivons jamais votre parcours ou vos activités en ligne à travers les applications et les sites web ou dans le temps, nous ne nous appuyons pas sur des technologies permanentes telles que les cookies tiers et nous ne créons jamais de profils ou de groupes de public pour cibler des individus.
Catégories de Données techniques recueillies et utilisées pour faire fonctionner les Solutions DoubleVerify :
Attributs des campagnes publicitaires – L’identifiant de l’annonceur qui diffuse une publicité, ses identifiants de campagne et de placement, les identifiants de la propriété médiatique qui vend l’inventaire à l’annonceur ou toute plateforme publicitaire intermédiaire sont recueillis et traités pour identifier le Client que nous servons, pour appliquer les paramètres corrects pour le Client, pour segmenter les rapports du Client en fonction de ces identifiants et pour facturer le client.
Attributs de contenu Web – L’adresse Web (URL) de la page/du cadre où la publicité est diffusée, ainsi que l’adresse de toute page/tout cadre de référence, sont recueillies pour veiller à ce que les publicités soient diffusées dans le bon contexte, défini par notre Client dans les paramètres de son profil dans notre système.
Attributs de l’application mobile – Le nom de l’application mobile, l’identifiant de l’application mobile, l’app store, le développeur de l’application, le classement par étoiles de l’application, le classement par âge de l’application et d’autres informations publiquement disponibles sur l’application mobile vers laquelle la publicité est diffusée. Ces données sont utilisées pour veiller à ce que les publicités soient diffusées dans le bon contexte défini par notre client dans les paramètres de son profil dans notre système.
Attributs de l’environnement numérique – Le type d’appareil connecté sur lequel la publicité est diffusée : mobile, ordinateur de bureau, télévision connectée ou autre appareil, le type et la version du navigateur utilisé pour rendre la page où apparaît la publicité et le système d’exploitation sont recueillis pour déterminer quelle version de notre code fonctionnerait correctement dans cet environnement et pour mesurer correctement si la publicité a eu la chance de devenir visible à l’écran selon les normes du secteur qui varient selon les environnements.
Attributs de visibilité – L’emplacement de l’annonce sur la page, la taille de l’annonce, la taille de l’écran, la taille de la fenêtre d’affichage, le statut de la mise au point de l’onglet, le statut de mise au point du navigateur, la durée pendant laquelle l’annonce était visible dans la partie de la page Web et la position de défilement de la page Web sont recueillis pour déterminer et signaler à nos clients si l’annonce avait la possibilité de devenir visible à l’écran.
Attributs d’exposition et d’engagement – Les données qui indiquent si la publicité a été cliquée, glissée, tapée ou touchée, redimensionnée, sautée, mise en sourdine, mise en pause, tournée, survolée ou ajustée en volume sont recueillies pour aider nos Clients à mesurer les performances de la publicité, de la campagne publicitaire ou de la propriété médiatique.
Catégories de données recueillies et utilisées pour alimenter l’Élimination de la fraude :
Des identifiants pseudonymes de présence électronique et de dispositif – c’est-à-dire l’adresse IP, la chaîne d’agent utilisateur ou des dérivés de ces deux valeurs, sont utilisés afin d’évaluer si la présence en ligne ou le dispositif participe ou est associé à un système frauduleux.
Catégories de données recueillies et utilisées pour alimenter la Vérification géo :
Des pseudonymes de présence électronique et des identifiants de dispositifs – adresse IP – sont recueillis pour déterminer le lieu géographique auquel ils sont associés. Chaque adresse IP est associée à un pays et, aux États-Unis, peut être associée à des données plus précises jusqu’au code postal. Votre localisation exacte n’est jamais recueillie.
Dans certaines circonstances, DoubleVerify peut être tenu par un client, par exemple un client qui fonctionne comme un « jardin clos » de traiter des Données à caractère personnel supplémentaires pour mettre en œuvre ses Solutions. Ces Données à caractère personnel supplémentaires peuvent concerner les utilisateurs finaux, les personnes qui créent des comptes dans ces « jardins clos » ou les personnes qui créent du contenu publié dans ces environnements de « jardins clos ». Dans la mesure où DoubleVerify est tenu par l’un de ses Clients qui fonctionnent comme des « jardins clos » de traiter des Données à caractère personnel supplémentaires pour permettre certaines solutions, DoubleVerify traitera ces Données à caractère personnel uniquement dans le but de remplir ses obligations envers le Client et en stricte conformité avec les instructions du Client, comme requis pour exploiter, maintenir et, le cas échéant, améliorer les Solutions. Nous travaillons avec diligence avec ces Clients pour nous assurer que les Données à caractère personnel traitées sont limitées aux seules Données à caractère personnel nécessaires pour atteindre ces objectifs. Dans certaines circonstances, notre interaction avec les « environnements clos » peut entraîner la réception accidentelle de Données à caractère personnel. DoubleVerify travaille avec diligence pour contrôler ces cas afin de s’assurer que ces Données à caractère personnel ne sont pas traitées après leur réception, sauf pour les supprimer de nos systèmes en toute sécurité. Étant donné que dans ces scénarios, les catégories particulières de Données à caractère personnel dépendent de l’intégration personnalisée et des décisions du Client, et varient d’un client à l’autre, si vous avez d’autres questions, nous vous recommandons de contacter le Client ou de consulter la documentation sur la confidentialité qu’il met à disposition sur ses propriétés.
Les Solutions ne sont pas destinées ou orientées vers le traitement des données à caractère personnel des enfants. Nous ne recueillons pas sciemment de Données à caractère personnel auprès d’enfants, tel que ce terme est défini par les lois applicables de temps à autre. Si vous êtes un parent ou un tuteur et que vous pensez que les Données à caractère personnel de votre enfant ont pu être traitées par l’intermédiaire des Solutions, veuillez nous contacter en utilisant les informations de l’Article 13 «
Comment contacter DoubleVerify
» ci-dessous et nous prendrons des mesures pour supprimer en toute sécurité ses Données à caractère personnel de nos systèmes.
4. Comment utilisons-nous les données que nous collectons?
DoubleVerify n’utilise les Données techniques et les Données à caractère personnel recueillies qu’aux fins décrites à l’Article 3, «
Quelles sont les données que nous recueillons et à quelles fins ?
», du présent Avis de confidentialité des Solutions. En général, les Données techniques et vos Données à caractère personnel sont traitées pour produire des rapports, des tableaux de bord, des retours d’information et des aperçus (les «
Rapports
») pour nos Clients. DV Reporting, quel que soit son format, est rendu anonyme et agrégé ou, dans la mesure où des données au niveau de l’impression sont requises, chaque impression est dépersonnalisée afin de veiller à ce que les Données à caractère personnel des Utilisateurs finaux ne soient jamais partagées avec les Clients. Nonobstant ce qui précède, les rapports construits pour les Clients qui fonctionnent comme des « jardins clos » (par exemple les réseaux sociaux) et les autres Clients qui s’appuient sur ces rapports (par exemple les sociétés qui font de la publicité sur les réseaux sociaux) peuvent inclure des informations sur les individus qui créent des comptes dans ces « jardins clos » ou sur les individus qui créent du contenu qui est publié dans ces environnements de « jardins clos ». Le présent Article donne un aperçu supplémentaire de la manière dont les Données techniques et vos Données à caractère personnel sont traitées pour atteindre les objectifs commerciaux précisés dans l’Articlfe 3 du présent Avis de confidentialité des Solutions.
DoubleVerify utilise les Données techniques recueillies par l’intermédiaire des Solutions, comme indiqué à l’Article 3.1, par les manières suivantes :
analyser et rendre compte du contexte dans lequel les publicités sont affichées, de leur qualité, de leur authenticité et de leur performance. Plus précisément, il s’agit de données illustrant si une publicité affichée est conforme aux exigences légales et de placement prédéfinies d’un Client, ainsi qu’aux paramètres de préférence que le Client a établis dans notre système.
proposer des informations et prendre des décisions préventives sur les possibilités d’impression. La technologie DoubleVerify analyse les caractéristiques des données d’une opportunité d’impression et détermine si la publicité du Client doit être affichée ou non, par exemple en déterminant que le contenu environnant ne correspond pas à la marque et aux préférences du Client.
DoubleVerify, pour pouvoir éliminer la fraude, utilise les Données techniques et les Données à caractère personnel recueillies par l’intermédiaire des Solutions, comme indiqué dans les Articles 3.1 et 3.2, pour :
examiner et identifier les impressions publicitaires spécifiques qui sont frauduleuses parce qu’elles sont générées par des navigateurs non humains contrôlés par des robots.
évaluer et identifier le trafic non valide, tel que le trafic généré par des injecteurs de publicité, le trafic provenant de centres de données, le trafic déformé, le trafic émulé et d’autres types de trafic non valides.
analyser et identifier les sites web, les applications mobiles et d’appareils connectés, et les propriétés médias qui ont un trafic frauduleux et/ou génèrent des impressions publicitaires frauduleuses.
identifier les schémas de trafic sur les sites web participant à des activités publicitaires frauduleuses.
faire la différence entre le trafic généré par des navigateurs non humains contrôlés par des robots et les navigateurs humains.
déterminer si les publicités analysées respectent les exigences légales applicables et les préférences définies par nos clients.
déterminer si un intergiciel tente de déformer ses caractéristiques de fonctionnement pour empêcher l’identification d’une fraude ou autre trafic non valide.
déterminer si le trafic du site web ou les impressions publicitaires proviennent d’une ferme de serveurs plutôt que d’une activité de navigation générée par l’homme.
déterminer si le trafic est acquis par des pratiques frauduleuses ou par d’autres pratiques d’acquisition de trafic qui ne sont pas conformes aux directives ou aux préférences d’un client.
créer des enregistrements d’adresses IP et de chaînes d’agents utilisateurs associés à des stratagèmes frauduleux et à un trafic non généré par l’homme (les « Tableaux de fraude »). Ces points de données étant associés à des interactions non humaines, ils ne constituent pas des Données à caractère personnel.
DoubleVerify, afin de permettre la Vérification géo, utilise les Données techniques et les Données à caractère personnel recueillies par l’intermédiaire des Solutions, comme indiqué à l’article 3.3, pour :
évaluer à un niveau élevé (pays, état, région ou, pour les résidents des États-Unis, code postal) l’emplacement géographique de l’Utilisateur final et vérifier si l’Utilisateur final correspond aux paramètres de campagne ou de trafic du Client.
Dans la mesure où DoubleVerify est tenu par l’un de ses clients qui fonctionnent comme des « jardins clos » de traiter des Données à caractère personnel supplémentaires pour permettre certaines solutions, DoubleVerify traitera ces Données à caractère personnel uniquement dans le but de remplir ses obligations envers le Client et en stricte conformité avec les instructions du Client, comme requis pour exploiter, maintenir et, le cas échéant, améliorer les Solutions. Si vous avez des questions, nous vous recommandons de contacter le Client concerné ou de consulter la documentation relative à la confidentialité qu’il met à disposition sur ses biens.
5. Comment et à qui divulguons-nous les données?
DoubleVerify ne divulgue pas de Données à caractère personnel à des tiers, sauf si cela est strictement nécessaire à des fins commerciales pour exploiter, maintenir et améliorer nos Solutions. Dans la mesure où nous partageons volontairement des Données à caractère personnel, nous veillons à ce qu’elles soient protégées par les destinataires d’une manière conforme à nos propres politiques et normes.
Nous pouvons partager vos Données à caractère personnel avec les personnes et entités suivantes :
Prestataires de services – sociétés que nous avons engagées pour nous fournir des services tels que l’administration informatique et des systèmes, l’infrastructure et les services d’hébergement, la recherche et l’analyse, l’assistance et l’assurance qualité, la sécurité et d’autres services, aux fins et conformément à la base juridique décrite ci-dessus. Vous pouvez demander une liste de nos Prestataires de services, des Données à caractère personnel qu’ils reçoivent et pour quelles finalités en nous contactant. Vous trouverez les coordonnées dans l’Article 13 intitulé «
Comment contacter DoubleVerify
» du présent Avis de confidentialité des Solutions.
Affiliés – par exemple une société mère, des sociétés sœurs, des filiales, des coentreprises ou d’autres sociétés sous contrôle commun, dans la mesure nécessaire pour exploiter, maintenir et améliorer nos Solutions. Vous pouvez demander une liste de nos affiliés, des Données à caractère personnel qu’ils reçoivent et à quelles fins en nous contactant. Vous trouverez les coordonnées dans l’Article 13 intitulé «
Comment contacter DoubleVerify
» du présent Avis de confidentialité des Solutions.
Tiers engagés par nos Clients – pour soutenir nos Clients, nous pouvons intégrer nos Solutions à d’autres outils et services engagés par nos Clients afin d’assurer des services et des capacités de Rapport renforcés. En aucun cas nous ne recevons des données de ces intégrations qui permettraient à DoubleVerify d’enrichir nos données et d’identifier les Utilisateurs finaux. Dans des cas limités, nous pouvons partager des données de niveau impression avec des sociétés engagées par nos Clients pour mener des recherches sur l’efficacité du marketing. Dans des circonstances limitées, nos clients peuvent nous demander de partager certaines Informations à caractère personnel nécessaires pour permettre la fonctionnalité d’un produit ou d’un service non géré par DoubleVerify.
Tiers impliqués dans une transaction d’entreprise – dans le cas où DoubleVerify est acquis par ou fusionné avec une autre société, ou dans le cas d’une réorganisation, d’une dissolution ou de tout autre changement fondamental de la société.
Nous pouvons être légalement tenus de divulguer vos Données à caractère personnel :
(a) Si une autorité publique, un tribunal, un organisme chargé de l’application de la loi ou de la réglementation exige une telle divulgation (par exemple, dans le cadre d’une enquête en cours, d’une assignation à comparaître, d’un processus ou autre procédure juridique similaire) ;
(b) Comme l’exige par ailleurs toute loi, tout règlement ou toute règle applicable ; et
(c) Si nous considérons, en toute bonne foi, que cette divulgation est nécessaire pour protéger ou défendre nos droits ou les droits d’autrui, pour aider à une enquête ou pour empêcher une activité illégale.
Les Tableaux de fraude et autres rapports, flux de données, API et tableaux de bord liés à l’Élimination de la fraude qui ne contiennent pas de Données à caractère personnel peuvent être partagés ou mis à la disposition des Clients et d’autres tiers, y compris, par exemple, des organisations du secteur, dans la mesure où cela est nécessaire pour permettre à DoubleVerify de réaliser ses objectifs commerciaux, à savoir fournir, maintenir et améliorer la partie Élimination de la fraude de nos Solutions et lutter contre la fraude publicitaire.
Nous ne partageons pas vos Données à caractère personnel avec nos Clients. Tous les rapports et analyses que nous mettons à la disposition des Clients via notre portail de rapports sont anonymes, ce qui signifie qu’ils ne contiennent pas de Données à caractère personnel. Les rapports sont généralement agrégés, mais dans des circonstances limitées, des rapports au niveau de l’impression sont remis à nos Clients, via des points finaux FTP ou des API, à condition que ces rapports ne contiennent aucune Donnée à caractère personnel. Nous pouvons partager les Données techniques, qui sont anonymes, sous forme agrégée ou sous leur forme brute, avec des tiers si nous le jugeons nécessaire pour réaliser nos objectifs commerciaux de fourniture, de maintenance et d’amélioration des Solutions. En outre, nous pouvons partager des données anonymes ou dépersonnalisées de manière globale dans le cadre de l’exploitation normale de notre entreprise, par exemple pour publier des études de cas et des rapports afin de montrer les tendances concernant les avantages et les performances de nos Solutions.
Pour éviter toute ambiguïté, DoubleVerify ne communique pas de Données à caractère personnel à des entités qui interviennent comme des « entreprises » ou des « tiers » en vertu de lois telles que le CCPA.
6. Combien de temps conservons-nous les Données à caractère personnel?
DoubleVerify ne conserve les Données à caractère personnel traitées par l’intermédiaire de ses Solutions que pendant la durée nécessaire à la réalisation des objectifs décrits dans le présent Avis de confidentialité des Solutions, et en aucun cas plus de quarante-cinq (45) jours. À l’expiration de cette période, les Données à caractère personnel sont supprimées en toute sécurité des systèmes de DoubleVerify.
Les Tableaux de fraude peuvent être conservés indéfiniment afin de garantir le bon fonctionnement de la Solution d’élimination de la fraude.
Les Données techniques, étant donné qu’elles sont anonymes par nature, peuvent être conservées par DoubleVerify indéfiniment ou aussi longtemps que le prévoient les politiques de DoubleVerify et que le permettent les lois applicables et les accords de DoubleVerify avec ses Clients.
7. Comment les Données à caractère personnel sont-elles sécuritées?
DoubleVerify a mis en œuvre des mesures techniques, physiques et organisationnelles appropriées conçues pour protéger les Données à caractère personnel contre la destruction accidentelle ou illicite, la perte accidentelle, les dommages, l’altération, la divulgation ou l’accès non autorisé, ainsi que contre toute autre forme de traitement illicite. Bien que nous suivions les normes généralement acceptées et les meilleures pratiques pour protéger les Données à caractère personnel, aucune méthode de stockage ou de transmission n’est sûre à 100 %. Toutefois, nous nous efforçons constamment d’améliorer nos mesures de protection et de garantir la sécurité de vos Données à caractère personnel.
8. Comment les Données à caractère personnel sont-elles transférées à l’international?
Sachez que les Données à caractère personnel que nous recueillons peuvent être transférées et conservées sur des serveurs ou des bases de données situés en dehors de votre État, province, pays ou autre juridiction. Bien que vos Données à caractère personnel puissent être transmises par l’intermédiaire d’un centre de données temporaire local afin de garantir l’efficacité et la réactivité des Solutions, DoubleVerify stocke en définitive toutes les Données à caractère personnel recueillies par l’intermédiaire des Solutions aux États-Unis. En tant que société internationale, nous avons des bureaux aux États-Unis, au Royaume-Uni, en France, en Belgique, en Finlande, en Allemagne, en Israël, au Canada, au Mexique, au Brésil, au Japon, en Inde, à Singapour et en Australie. Nos employés sur ces sites peuvent être amenés à accéder à vos Données à caractère personnel pour soutenir nos Solutions. Le niveau de protection des données établi dans certains de ces endroits, notamment les États-Unis, peut être inférieur à celui établi dans l’Union européenne ou dans d’autres pays qui ont adopté des lois et des règlements stricts en matière de protection de la vie privée.
Nous prenons des mesures pour garantir que vos Données à caractère personnel soient stockées en toute sécurité chez nous, en respectant les obligations réglementaires en matière de confidentialité et de sécurité imposées aux entreprises de l’Union européenne. Nous nous assurons également que tout autre destinataire de vos Données à caractère personnel offre un niveau suffisant de protection et de sécurité, par exemple en concluant les accords adossés appropriés et, si nécessaire, des clauses contractuelles standard ou un mécanisme alternatif pour le transfert de données tel qu’approuvé par la Commission européenne ou tout autre régulateur applicable. Les pratiques de DoubleVerify en matière de confidentialité, décrites dans cet Avis de confidentialité, sont conformes au système de règles de confidentialité transfrontalières (CBPR) de l’APEC et au système de reconnaissance de la confidentialité pour les sous-traitants (PRP). Le système CBPR de l’APEC et le système PRP de l’APEC offrent des cadres permettant aux organisations d’assurer la protection des Données à caractère personnel transférées entre les économies participantes de l’APEC. De plus amples informations sur les cadres de l’APEC sont disponibles
ici
. Si vous avez des questions sur l’endroit où nous stockons vos Données à caractère personnel, vous pouvez nous contacter comme indiqué dans l’Article 13 «
Comment contacter DoubleVerify
» du présent Avis de confidentialité mondial.
En outre, DoubleVerify Inc. et ses filiales Outrigger Media Inc. s/n OpenSlate, Scibids Technology Inc., Zentrick Inc. (« DoubleVerify »), respecte le Cadre de protection des données UE-États-Unis (CPD UE-États-Unis), l’extension britannique du Cadre de protection des données UE-États-Unis et le Cadre de protection des données Suisse-États-Unis (CPD Suisse-États-Unis), tels que définis par le département du Commerce des États-Unis (Department of Commerce). DoubleVerify a certifié au ministère américain du Commerce qu’il adhère aux Principes du cadre de protection des données UE-États-Unis (Principes du CPD UE-États-Unis) en ce qui concerne le traitement des données à caractère personnel reçues de l’Union européenne en vertu du CPD UE-États-Unis et du Royaume-Uni (et de Gibraltar) en vertu de l’extension britannique du CPD UE-États-Unis. DoubleVerify a certifié au ministère américain du Commerce qu’il adhère aux Principes du cadre de protection des données Suisse-États-Unis (Principes du CPD Suisse-États-Unis) en ce qui concerne le traitement des données à caractère personnel reçues de la Suisse en s’appuyant sur le cadre du CPD Suisse-États-Unis. En cas de conflit entre les dispositions de la présente politique de confidentialité et les Principes du CPD UE-États-Unis ou les Principes du CPD Suisse-États-Unis, les Principes prévaudront. Pour en savoir plus sur le programme du Cadre de protection des données (CPD) et pour consulter notre certification, veuillez consulter le site https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/.
DoubleVerify est responsable du traitement des données à caractère personnel qu’elle reçoit, en vertu du CPD, et qu’elle transfère ensuite à un tiers agissant en tant qu’agent pour son compte. DoubleVerify se conforme aux Principes du CPD pour tous les transferts ultérieurs de données à caractère personnel de l’UE, du Royaume-Uni et de la Suisse, y compris les dispositions relatives à la responsabilité en cas de transfert ultérieur.
La Commission fédérale du commerce (Federal Trade Commission) est compétente en ce qui concerne la conformité de DoubleVerify avec le CPD UE-États-Unis, l’extension britannique du CPD UE-États-Unis et le CPD Suisse-États-Unis. Dans certaines situations, DoubleVerify peut être tenu de divulguer des données à caractère personnel en réponse à des demandes légales émanant d’autorités publiques, y compris pour répondre à des exigences de sécurité nationale ou d’application de la loi.
Conformément au CPD UE-États-Unis, à l’extension britannique du CPD UE-États-Unis et au CPD Suisse-États-Unis, DoubleVerify s’engage à soumettre les plaintes non résolues concernant notre traitement des Données à caractère personnel reçues en vertu du CPD UE-États-Unis, de l’extension britannique du CPD UE-États-Unis et du CPD Suisse-États-Unis à TRUSTe, un fournisseur de solutions alternatives de résolution des litiges basé aux États-Unis. Si vous ne recevez pas rapidement de notre part un accusé de réception de votre plainte liée aux principes du CPD, ou si nous n’avons pas traité votre plainte liée aux principes du CPD de façon satisfaisante pour vous, veuillez consulter le site https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request pour en savoir plus ou pour déposer une plainte. Ces services de résolution des litiges vous sont fournis gratuitement.
Pour les réclamations concernant le respect du CPD qui ne sont pas résolues par l’un des autres mécanismes du CPD, vous avez la possibilité, sous certaines conditions, de recourir à un arbitrage contraignant. De plus amples informations sont disponibles sur le site officiel du CPD.
9. Quels sont vos droits?
Dans certains pays, les Utilisateurs finaux peuvent avoir des droits en tant que personne concernée leur permettant de faire des demandes relatives à leurs Données à caractère personnel. La plupart des pays accordent également aux Utilisateurs finaux le droit d’être informés de la manière dont les Données à caractère personnel sont recueillies et utilisées et avec qui elles ont pu être partagées ou divulguées, et à quelles fins. L’Avis de confidentialité des solutions DoubleVerify vise à répondre à ces exigences, mais si vous avez des questions supplémentaires ou si vous souhaitez mieux comprendre comment vos Données à caractère personnel ont pu être recueillies, utilisées ou avec qui elles ont pu être partagées ou divulguées, et pourquoi, veuillez nous contacter en utilisant l’Article 13 «
Comment contacter DoubleVerify
» ci-dessous.
Les résidents de l’Espace économique européen, du Royaume-Uni, de la Suisse ou de la Californie, entre autres, disposent de plusieurs droits en vertu des lois et réglementations applicables en matière de protection de la vie privée, telles que le RGPD et la CCPA. Pour exercer ces droits, vous pouvez utiliser
ce Formulaire
ou nous contacter en utilisant l’Article 13 «
Comment contacter DoubleVerify
» ci-dessous. Conformément à certaines lois et réglementations, telles que la loi CCPA, vous pouvez également désigner un agent autorisé à soumettre une demande ou à exercer un droit en votre nom. Nous n’exercerons pas de discrimination ni de représailles à votre encontre pour avoir exercé vos droits.
Ces droits sont les suivants :
Le droit d’accéder à toute Donnée à caractère personnel que nous pouvons détenir à votre sujet, y compris des renseignements sur les catégories et les éléments particuliers de Données à caractère personnel.
Le droit de rectifier les Données à caractère personnel inexactes que nous pouvons détenir à votre sujet. Veuillez garder à l’esprit qu’en raison de la nature des Données à caractère personnel que nous recueillons et de la méthode de collecte, il est très peu probable que nous détenions des Données à caractère personnel inexactes ou qui répondraient aux circonstances exigeant une correction.
Le droit de demander à DoubleVerify de supprimer toute Donnée à caractère personnel que nous détenons à votre sujet.
Le droit de demander que le traitement des Données à caractère personnel vous concernant soit suspendu ou restreint pendant un certain temps, par exemple, pendant que vous évaluez si vous avez d’autres droits que vous souhaitez exercer.
Dans la mesure où vos Données à caractère personnel sont traitées sur la base d’un intérêt légitime, vous avez le droit de vous opposer à ce traitement.
Dans la mesure où vous Données à caractère personnel sont traitées sur la base de votre consentement, pour retirer ce consentement via le Cadre de transparence et de consentement d’IAB Europe.
Dans toute la mesure du possible, nous répondons à toute demande relative à un Utilisateur final, à condition que nous puissions faire correspondre l’Utilisateur final aux Données à caractère personnel que nous détenons dans nos systèmes. Toutefois, dans certaines circonstances, nous pouvons être amenés à vérifier votre identité pour répondre à une demande. Pour vérifier votre identité ou comprendre la portée de votre demande, nous pouvons être amenés à demander des informations supplémentaires vous concernant. Il ne vous sera pas demandé de créer un compte chez nous pour soumettre une demande ou la voir satisfaite. Vous devrez fournir une adresse électronique afin que nous puissions communiquer avec vous et appuyer votre demande, ainsi que toute information dont nous pourrions avoir besoin pour vérifier si nous détenons des Données à caractère personnel vous concernant. Sachez qu’il peut exister des circonstances qui nous empêchent de répondre à votre demande, mais si nous ne pouvons pas le faire, nous vous expliquerons pourquoi. Dans la mesure où nous ne détenons pas de Données à caractère personnel vous concernant, nous vous le ferons savoir. Nous nous efforçons de répondre à toutes les demandes et requêtes dans les meilleurs délais, mais nous vous prions de nous accorder un délai de réponse de trente (30) jours.
Dans la mesure où DoubleVerify fait office de « sous-traitant », de « fournisseur » ou de « prestataire de services » au sens de la loi applicable, vous devrez peut-être adresser vos demandes d’exercice de vos droits au Client concerné qui fait office de « responsable du traitement » ou d’« entreprise ».
10. Divulgations supplémentaires
Certaines lois et réglementations relatives à la protection de la vie privée, telles que la loi CCPA, obligent les entreprises à indiquer si elles vendent des Données à caractère personnel. DoubleVerify ne divulgue pas les Données à caractère personnel d’une manière qui constituerait une « vente » ou un « partage » selon les lois de la Californie, de la Virginie, du Nevada ou de lois similaires.
11. DoubleVerify utilise-t-il l’intelligence artificielle?
DoubleVerify utilise l’intelligence artificielle (« IA ») à divers titres et de diverses manières dans l’ensemble de l’organisation. Bien que DoubleVerify utilise des technologies d’IA, nous ne prenons pas de « décisions automatisées » telles que définies par les lois et réglementations applicables en matière de protection de la vie privée.
12. Droit applicable
Dans la mesure où il est applicable et où la loi et la réglementation le permettent, cet Avis de confidentialité des Solutions est régi et interprété conformément aux lois internes de l’État du Delaware, et la juridiction compétente et le lieu de tout litige seront le Delaware.
13. Mettons-nous à jour cet Avis de confidentialité des Solutions?
Nous pouvons mettre à jour le présent Avis de confidentialité des solutions de temps à autre pour refléter les modifications apportées à nos Solutions, nos pratiques, nos politiques ou d’autres changements internes ou externes, ainsi que pour nous conformer à de nouvelles exigences légales. Toute modification sera publiée dès son entrée en vigueur. Si nous effectuons des mises à jour, nous mettrons à jour la « date d’entrée en vigueur » indiquée en haut de cet Avis de confidentialité des Solutions pour vous aider à comprendre quand les changements ont été effectués. Pour rester informé de ces mises à jour, nous vous encourageons à consulter régulièrement cet Avis de confidentialité des Solutions. Veuillez noter que toute traduction de cet Avis de confidentialité des Solutions a pour seul but de faciliter votre accès à ces informations. La version anglaise est la seule version officielle de cet Avis de confidentialité des Solutions et toute inexactitude ou divergence de traduction n’est pas contraignante et n’a aucun effet juridique à des fins de conformité ou d’application.
14. Comment contacter DoubleVerify?
Si vous avez des questions, des préoccupations ou des commentaires concernant cet Avis de confidentialité des Solutions, ou si vous considérez que vos Données à caractère personnel ont été utilisées d’une manière non conforme à l’Avis de confidentialité ou à vos choix, vous pouvez contacter notre équipe chargée de la confidentialité à l’adresse suivante :
Privacy Officer / Data Protection Officer (Privacy Team) Coordonnées
DoubleVerify Inc.
462 Broadway
New York, NY 10013 États-Unis
privacy-policy@doubleverify.com
Si vous avez un problème de confidentialité ou d’utilisation des données que nous n’avons pas résolu de manière satisfaisante, veuillez contacter notre prestataire de services de résolution des litiges tiers basé aux États-Unis (gratuitement) à l’adresse suivante :
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
. Nous nous engageons à trouver une solution équitable à toute plainte ou préoccupation que vous pourriez avoir concernant votre vie privée ou le présent Avis de confidentialité des Solutions. Toutefois, si vous estimez que nous n’avons pas été en mesure de vous aider, rien dans le présent Avis de confidentialité des Solutions ne limite ni ne vise à limiter vos droits en vertu des lois applicables, y compris votre capacité, en fonction de votre pays de résidence, à déposer une plainte auprès de votre Autorité locale de protection des données ou de tout autre organisme compétent en matière de confidentialité.
Date d’entrée en vigueur : 28 juin 2024
Présentation
DoubleVerify, Inc., ainsi que ses filiales dans le monde, (collectivement, «
DoubleVerify
», «
nous
», «
notre
» ou «
nos
») est le leader du secteur en matière de transparence et de responsabilité dans la publicité en ligne. DoubleVerify utilise diverses technologies pour recueillir des informations sur la publicité en ligne, le trafic des sites Web, le trafic des applications mobiles et le trafic des appareils connectés afin de fournir des produits et des solutions de transparence et de responsabilité en matière de publicité (collectivement, les «
Solutions
»). Le présent avis de confidentialité (l’«
Avis de confidentialité
des Solutions
») explique qui nous sommes, la façon dont nous collectons, utilisons et partageons les Données à caractère personnel via nos Solutions, ainsi que la façon dont vous pouvez exercer vos droits en matière de vie privée.
Si vous souhaitez obtenir plus d’informations sur la façon dont DoubleVerify traite les Données à caractère personnel collectées sur nos sites Web adressés au public, veuillez vous rendre sur notre
Avis de confidentialité relatif aux sites Web et au marketing
.
Si vous utilisez les Solutions DoubleVerify et que vous souhaitez en savoir plus sur la façon dont DoubleVerify traite les Données à caractère personnel collectées via nos outils de reporting, veuillez vous rendre sur notre
Avis de confidentialité relatif aux outils de reporting
.
Liens rapides
Nous vous recommandons de lire intégralement le présent Avis de confidentialité des Solutions pour vous assurer d’être pleinement informé. Toutefois, pour vous permettre de trouver plus facilement et de lire une partie en particulier du présent Avis de confidentialité des Solutions, nous l’avons réparti en différentes rubriques :
Qui est DoubleVerify ?
Quel est notre rôle, quels sont nos objectifs et sur quelle base légale nous appuyons-nous pour procéder au traitement ?
Quelles données recueillons-nous et à quelles fins ?
Comment utilisons-nous les données que nous collectons ?
Comment et à qui divulguons-nous les données ?
Combien de temps conservons-nous les Données à caractère personnel ?
Comment les Données à caractère personnel sont-elles sécurisées ?
Comment les Données à caractère personnel sont-elles transférées à l’international ?
Quels sont vos droits ?
Informations supplémentaires
Est-ce que DoubleVerify utilise l’Intelligence artificielle ?
Droit applicable
Mettons-nous à jour le présent Avis de confidentialité des Solutions ?
Comment contacter DoubleVerify ?
1. Qui est DoubleVerify ?
Les plateformes accréditées de DoubleVerify proposent des mesures, des données et des analyses indépendantes sur les médias numériques concernant la diffusion des impressions publicitaires (ou « annonces ») et le trafic sur les sites web, afin d’aider les annonceurs, les agences et les vendeurs d’inventaires publicitaires (collectivement, les «
Clients
») à confirmer les caractéristiques précises de diffusion, y compris la sécurité de la marque, les mesures de visibilité, les paramètres contextuels et environnementaux (par exemple le site web sur lequel une annonce apparaît, et l’endroit où elle apparaît sur la page web), les caractéristiques de qualité des impressions publicitaires et du trafic sur les sites web, et à apporter des informations qui permettent à nos Clients de prendre des décisions éclairées sur le placement de leurs créations et de leur marque.
Nous sommes convaincus de la nécessité d’offrir des protections solides de la vie privée à toute personne dont nous sommes susceptibles de traiter les données à quelque titre que ce soit, car nous pensons que la vie privée est un droit fondamental, et non quelque chose qui devrait dépendre de l’endroit où vous vivez. Pour respecter ce principe, nous traitons toutes les données qui se rapportent ou sont liées à une personne identifiée ou identifiable comme des « Données à caractère personnel », quelle que soit le lieu où se trouve cette personne. En ce qui concerne nos Solutions, DoubleVerify limite les données recueillies aux informations qui ne permettent pas d’identifier une personne sans informations supplémentaires. Par exemple, DoubleVerify traite votre adresse de protocole Internet (« IP »), qui est un numéro automatiquement attribué à un ordinateur lors de l’utilisation d’Internet. Bien que DoubleVerify traite ces informations en tant que Données à caractère personnel, conformément aux meilleures pratiques et aux lois applicables, nous ne combinons jamais ces informations avec d’autres données qui nous permettraient d’identifier la personne à laquelle elles se rapportent.
Le présent Avis de confidentialité des Solutions vise à informer les personnes dont les données peuvent être traitées par l’intermédiaire de nos Solutions (les «
Utilisateurs finaux
», «
vous
» ou «
votre
») de ce qui suit : (1) les types d’informations que DoubleVerify peut recueillir sur vous ou votre appareil lorsqu’une publicité analysée par nos soins vous est diffusée sur un site Web que vous consultez ou dans une application que vous utilisez, (2) nos pratiques en matière de confidentialité, la manière dont nous pouvons utiliser, partager et traiter autrement les informations qui sont considérées comme des Données à caractère personnel, et (3) quels sont vos droits concernant ces Données à caractère personnel. Cet Avis de confidentialité des Solutions explique également quelles données non personnelles (les «
Données techniques
») nous recueillons sur les publicités que nous suivons et comment nous les utilisons pour alimenter nos solutions.
2. Quel est notre rôle, quels sont nos objectifs et sur quelle base légale nous appuyons-nous pour procéder au traitement ?
DoubleVerify comprend des Solutions d’identification et d’élimination de la fraude (l’«
Élimination de la fraude
») et de vérification de la conformité géographique («
Vérification géo
») qui nécessitent le traitement de données à caractère personnel. Sauf dans les circonstances limitées indiquées ci-dessous, s’agissant des lois et réglementations comme le Règlement général sur la protection des données («
RGPD
»), DoubleVerify exploite l’Élimination de la fraude en tant que « responsable du traitement » et la Vérification géo en tant que « sous-traitant ». En ce qui concerne la loi californienne sur la protection de la vie privée des consommateurs (la loi «
CCPA
») et d’autres cadres réglementaires d’États aux États-Unis, notre désignation peut varier en fonction de la relation spécifique avec chaque Client. Étant donné que les Données à caractère personnel que nous collectons le sont par notre technologie et qu’elles sont « mises à notre disposition » par nos Clients, nous intervenons généralement en tant que « prestataire » au titre de la loi CCPA ou en tant que « sous-traitant » en vertu d’autres lois et cadres réglementaires d’États aux États-Unis. Nonobstant ce qui précède, dans des circonstances limitées où les Données à caractère personnel sont partagées avec DoubleVerify par le biais d’intégrations personnalisées et d’autres moyens non standard, par exemple lorsque lesdites Données à caractère personnel sont recueillies et fournies par un Client pour l’analyse de DoubleVerify, nous pouvons être considérés comme un « sous-traitant » ou un « prestataire de services » en vertu de la loi CCPA. Ce scénario est le plus courant dans nos partenariats avec les clients des réseaux sociaux et d’autres clients qui exploitent des environnements propriétaires, souvent appelés « jardins clos ».
Sauf pour l’Élimination de la fraude, notamment lorsque cela est nécessaire pour qualifier les impressions conformément aux pratiques standard du secteur (par exemple, les directives du Media Ratings Council), et pour la Vérification géo, les autres solutions de DoubleVerify (telles que la visibilité, la sécurité de la marque et l’adéquation) ne nécessitent généralement pas le traitement de Données à caractère personnel. Toutefois, dans certaines circonstances, notamment lorsque nous fournissons de telles solutions à des clients qui exploitent des « jardins clos », ces clients, en tant que responsables du traitement, peuvent demander à DoubleVerify de traiter des Données à caractère personnel supplémentaires sur les Utilisateurs finaux ou les personnes qui créent des comptes et du contenu dans les environnements du Client. Dans un tel scénario, la détermination des Données à caractère personnel traitées est faite par les Clients, qui, en tant que responsables du traitement, déterminent également, à leur seule discrétion, la base légale du traitement de ces Données à caractère personnel. Pour de plus amples informations sur les pratiques de ces Clients en matière de protection de la vie privée, les Données à caractère personnel traitées et la base juridique applicable au traitement, vous devez consulter l’avis ou les déclarations de confidentialité pertinents et applicables de chaque Client. Si vous contactez DoubleVerify pour vous renseigner sur ces programmes, nous pouvons vous fournir quelques informations de base sur le travail que nous effectuons pour ces Clients, mais nous vous recommandons de contacter le Client en question ou de consulter la documentation sur la confidentialité qu’il met à disposition sur ses propriétés.
Telle qu’elle se rapporte aux lois comme le RGPD, la base juridique de DoubleVerify pour le traitement des Données à caractère personnel par l’intermédiaire de nos Solutions est l’intérêt légitime : (i) de nos Clients pour éviter les fraudes liées à la publicité et présenter des informations géographiquement exactes et conformes aux Utilisateurs finaux, (ii) des Utilisateurs finaux pour recevoir des informations sans fraude, géographiquement exactes et conformes, et (iii) du grand public pour la disponibilité continue d’un Internet libre.
DoubleVerify participe au Cadre de transparence et de consentement de l’IAB (TCFv2.2, Identifiant de fournisseur 126), et nous nous appuyons sur nos intérêts légitimes pour collecter les données aux fins suivantes :
Assurer la sécurité, prévenir et détecter la fraude, et corriger les erreurs (Finalité spéciale n°1)
Fournir et présenter de la publicité et du contenu (Finalité spéciale n°2)
Enregistrer et communiquer les préférences en matière de confidentialité (Finalité spéciale n° 3)
Mesurer la performance de la publicité (Finalité 7)
Développer des services et les améliorer (Finalité 10)
Dans des scénarios limités, l’entité en charge du Cadre de transparence et de consentement d’IAB Europe sur le site où sont déployées les Solutions DoubleVerify peut soumettre notre Solution Vérification géo au consentement. Dans ces cas très limités, le consentement s’appliquerait aux cas suivants :
Utiliser des données limitées pour sélectionner la publicité (Finalité 2)
Mesurer la performance de la publicité (Finalité 7)
Développer des services et les améliorer (Finalité 10)
3. Quelles données recueillons-nous et à quelles fins ?
DoubleVerify, pour mener à bien ses objectifs commerciaux consistant à fournir, maintenir et améliorer ses solutions, recueille et utilise certaines catégories de données à caractère personnel et de Données techniques. Les catégories de Données à caractère personnel et de Données techniques traitées par les solutions DoubleVerify sont décrites ci-dessous. Dans la mesure où les Données à caractère personnel sont nécessaires au fonctionnement d’une ou plusieurs fonctionnalités d’une solution DoubleVerify, ces Données à caractère personnel ne seront utilisées que pour les finalités précises décrites ci-dessous, sauf si la loi l’exige. En outre, dans certaines circonstances, il peut être nécessaire de traiter les Données à caractère personnel en conjonction avec certaines Données techniques pour que les Solutions de DoubleVerify fonctionnent correctement. Dans tous ces scénarios, les données combinées sont considérées comme des Données à caractère personnel et sont protégées en conséquence. Nous ne combinons, n’analysons ou n’enrichissons jamais les Données à caractère personnel et les Données techniques que nous traitons avec des informations supplémentaires dans le but d’identifier les Utilisateurs finaux. Nous ne suivons jamais votre parcours ou vos activités en ligne à travers les applications et les sites web ou dans le temps, nous ne nous appuyons pas sur des technologies permanentes telles que les cookies tiers et nous ne créons jamais de profils ou de groupes de public pour cibler des individus.
Catégories de Données techniques recueillies et utilisées pour faire fonctionner les Solutions DoubleVerify :
Attributs des campagnes publicitaires – L’identifiant de l’annonceur qui diffuse une publicité, ses identifiants de campagne et de placement, les identifiants de la propriété médiatique qui vend l’inventaire à l’annonceur ou toute plateforme publicitaire intermédiaire sont recueillis et traités pour identifier le Client que nous servons, pour appliquer les paramètres corrects pour le Client, pour segmenter les rapports du Client en fonction de ces identifiants et pour facturer le client.
Attributs de contenu Web – L’adresse Web (URL) de la page/du cadre où la publicité est diffusée, ainsi que l’adresse de toute page/tout cadre de référence, sont recueillies pour veiller à ce que les publicités soient diffusées dans le bon contexte, défini par notre Client dans les paramètres de son profil dans notre système.
Attributs de l’application mobile – Le nom de l’application mobile, l’identifiant de l’application mobile, l’app store, le développeur de l’application, le classement par étoiles de l’application, le classement par âge de l’application et d’autres informations publiquement disponibles sur l’application mobile vers laquelle la publicité est diffusée. Ces données sont utilisées pour veiller à ce que les publicités soient diffusées dans le bon contexte défini par notre client dans les paramètres de son profil dans notre système.
Attributs de l’environnement numérique – Le type d’appareil connecté sur lequel la publicité est diffusée : mobile, ordinateur de bureau, télévision connectée ou autre appareil, le type et la version du navigateur utilisé pour rendre la page où apparaît la publicité et le système d’exploitation sont recueillis pour déterminer quelle version de notre code fonctionnerait correctement dans cet environnement et pour mesurer correctement si la publicité a eu la chance de devenir visible à l’écran selon les normes du secteur qui varient selon les environnements.
Attributs de visibilité – L’emplacement de l’annonce sur la page, la taille de l’annonce, la taille de l’écran, la taille de la fenêtre d’affichage, le statut de la mise au point de l’onglet, le statut de mise au point du navigateur, la durée pendant laquelle l’annonce était visible dans la partie de la page Web et la position de défilement de la page Web sont recueillis pour déterminer et signaler à nos clients si l’annonce avait la possibilité de devenir visible à l’écran.
Attributs d’exposition et d’engagement – Les données qui indiquent si la publicité a été cliquée, glissée, tapée ou touchée, redimensionnée, sautée, mise en sourdine, mise en pause, tournée, survolée ou ajustée en volume sont recueillies pour aider nos Clients à mesurer les performances de la publicité, de la campagne publicitaire ou de la propriété médiatique.
Catégories de données recueillies et utilisées pour alimenter l’Élimination de la fraude :
Des identifiants pseudonymes de présence électronique et de dispositif – c’est-à-dire l’adresse IP, la chaîne d’agent utilisateur ou des dérivés de ces deux valeurs, sont utilisés afin d’évaluer si la présence en ligne ou le dispositif participe ou est associé à un système frauduleux.
Catégories de données recueillies et utilisées pour alimenter la Vérification géo :
Des pseudonymes de présence électronique et des identifiants de dispositifs – adresse IP – sont recueillis pour déterminer le lieu géographique auquel ils sont associés. Chaque adresse IP est associée à un pays et, aux États-Unis, peut être associée à des données plus précises jusqu’au code postal. Votre localisation exacte n’est jamais recueillie.
Dans certaines circonstances, DoubleVerify peut être tenu par un client, par exemple un client qui fonctionne comme un « jardin clos » de traiter des Données à caractère personnel supplémentaires pour mettre en œuvre ses Solutions. Ces Données à caractère personnel supplémentaires peuvent concerner les utilisateurs finaux, les personnes qui créent des comptes dans ces « jardins clos » ou les personnes qui créent du contenu publié dans ces environnements de « jardins clos ». Dans la mesure où DoubleVerify est tenu par l’un de ses Clients qui fonctionnent comme des « jardins clos » de traiter des Données à caractère personnel supplémentaires pour permettre certaines solutions, DoubleVerify traitera ces Données à caractère personnel uniquement dans le but de remplir ses obligations envers le Client et en stricte conformité avec les instructions du Client, comme requis pour exploiter, maintenir et, le cas échéant, améliorer les Solutions. Nous travaillons avec diligence avec ces Clients pour nous assurer que les Données à caractère personnel traitées sont limitées aux seules Données à caractère personnel nécessaires pour atteindre ces objectifs. Dans certains cas spécifiques, notre interaction avec des « jardins clos » peut entraîner la transmission accessoire de Données à caractère personnel. DoubleVerify surveille ce type de situations avec diligence afin de s’assurer que les Données à caractère personnel ne sont pas traitées après réception si ce n’est pour les supprimer de ses systèmes en toute sécurité. Étant donné que dans ces scénarios, les catégories particulières de Données à caractère personnel dépendent de l’intégration personnalisée et des décisions du Client, et varient d’un client à l’autre, si vous avez d’autres questions, nous vous recommandons de contacter le Client ou de consulter la documentation sur la confidentialité qu’il met à disposition sur ses propriétés.
Les Solutions ne sont pas destinées ou orientées vers le traitement des données à caractère personnel des enfants. Nous ne recueillons pas sciemment de Données à caractère personnel auprès d’enfants, tel que ce terme est défini par les lois applicables de temps à autre. Si vous êtes un parent ou un tuteur et que vous pensez que les Données à caractère personnel de votre enfant ont pu être traitées par l’intermédiaire des Solutions, veuillez nous contacter en utilisant les informations de l’Article 13 «
Comment contacter DoubleVerify
» ci-dessous et nous prendrons des mesures pour supprimer en toute sécurité ses Données à caractère personnel de nos systèmes.
4. Comment utilisons-nous les données que nous collectons ?
DoubleVerify n’utilise les Données techniques et les Données à caractère personnel recueillies qu’aux fins décrites à l’Article 3, «
Quelles sont les données que nous recueillons et à quelles fins ?
», du présent Avis de confidentialité des Solutions. En général, les Données techniques et vos Données à caractère personnel sont traitées pour produire des rapports, des tableaux de bord, des retours d’information et des aperçus (les «
Rapports
») pour nos Clients. DV Reporting, quel que soit son format, est rendu anonyme et agrégé ou, dans la mesure où des données au niveau de l’impression sont requises, chaque impression est dépersonnalisée afin de veiller à ce que les Données à caractère personnel des Utilisateurs finaux ne soient jamais partagées avec les Clients. Nonobstant ce qui précède, les rapports construits pour les Clients qui fonctionnent comme des « jardins clos » (par exemple les réseaux sociaux) et les autres Clients qui s’appuient sur ces rapports (par exemple les sociétés qui font de la publicité sur les réseaux sociaux) peuvent inclure des informations sur les individus qui créent des comptes dans ces « jardins clos » ou sur les individus qui créent du contenu qui est publié dans ces environnements de « jardins clos ». Le présent Article donne un aperçu supplémentaire de la manière dont les Données techniques et vos Données à caractère personnel sont traitées pour atteindre les objectifs commerciaux précisés dans l’Articlfe 3 du présent Avis de confidentialité des Solutions.
DoubleVerify utilise les Données techniques recueillies par l’intermédiaire des Solutions, comme indiqué à l’Article 3.1, par les manières suivantes :
analyser et rendre compte du contexte dans lequel les publicités sont affichées, de leur qualité, de leur authenticité et de leur performance. Plus précisément, il s’agit de données illustrant si une publicité affichée est conforme aux exigences légales et de placement prédéfinies d’un Client, ainsi qu’aux paramètres de préférence que le Client a établis dans notre système.
proposer des informations et prendre des décisions préventives sur les possibilités d’impression. La technologie DoubleVerify analyse les caractéristiques des données d’une opportunité d’impression et détermine si la publicité du Client doit être affichée ou non, par exemple en déterminant que le contenu environnant ne correspond pas à la marque et aux préférences du Client.
DoubleVerify, pour pouvoir éliminer la fraude, utilise les Données techniques et les Données à caractère personnel recueillies par l’intermédiaire des Solutions, comme indiqué dans les Articles 3.1 et 3.2, pour :
examiner et identifier les impressions publicitaires spécifiques qui sont frauduleuses parce qu’elles sont générées par des navigateurs non humains contrôlés par des robots.
évaluer et identifier le trafic non valide, tel que le trafic généré par des injecteurs de publicité, le trafic provenant de centres de données, le trafic déformé, le trafic émulé et d’autres types de trafic non valides.
analyser et identifier les sites web, les applications mobiles et d’appareils connectés, et les propriétés médias qui ont un trafic frauduleux et/ou génèrent des impressions publicitaires frauduleuses.
identifier les schémas de trafic sur les sites web participant à des activités publicitaires frauduleuses.
faire la différence entre le trafic généré par des navigateurs non humains contrôlés par des robots et les navigateurs humains.
déterminer si les publicités analysées respectent les exigences légales applicables et les préférences définies par nos clients.
déterminer si un intergiciel tente de déformer ses caractéristiques de fonctionnement pour empêcher l’identification d’une fraude ou autre trafic non valide.
déterminer si le trafic du site web ou les impressions publicitaires proviennent d’une ferme de serveurs plutôt que d’une activité de navigation générée par l’homme.
déterminer si le trafic est acquis par des pratiques frauduleuses ou par d’autres pratiques d’acquisition de trafic qui ne sont pas conformes aux directives ou aux préférences d’un client.
créer des enregistrements d’adresses IP et de chaînes d’agents utilisateurs associés à des stratagèmes frauduleux et à un trafic non généré par l’homme (les « Tableaux de fraude »). Ces points de données étant associés à des interactions non humaines, ils ne constituent pas des Données à caractère personnel.
DoubleVerify, afin de permettre la Vérification géo, utilise les Données techniques et les Données à caractère personnel recueillies par l’intermédiaire des Solutions, comme indiqué à l’article 3.3, pour :
évaluer à un niveau élevé (pays, état, région ou, pour les résidents des États-Unis, code postal) l’emplacement géographique de l’Utilisateur final et vérifier si l’Utilisateur final correspond aux paramètres de campagne ou de trafic du Client.
Dans la mesure où DoubleVerify est tenu par l’un de ses clients qui fonctionnent comme des « jardins clos » de traiter des Données à caractère personnel supplémentaires pour permettre certaines solutions, DoubleVerify traitera ces Données à caractère personnel uniquement dans le but de remplir ses obligations envers le Client et en stricte conformité avec les instructions du Client, comme requis pour exploiter, maintenir et, le cas échéant, améliorer les Solutions. Si vous avez des questions, nous vous recommandons de contacter le Client concerné ou de consulter la documentation relative à la confidentialité qu’il met à disposition sur ses biens.
5. Comment et à qui divulguons-nous les données ?
DoubleVerify ne divulgue pas de Données à caractère personnel à des tiers, sauf si cela est strictement nécessaire à des fins commerciales pour exploiter, maintenir et améliorer nos Solutions. Dans la mesure où nous partageons volontairement des Données à caractère personnel, nous veillons à ce qu’elles soient protégées par les destinataires d’une manière conforme à nos propres politiques et normes.
Nous pouvons partager vos Données à caractère personnel avec les personnes et entités suivantes :
Prestataires de services – sociétés que nous avons engagées pour nous fournir des services tels que l’administration informatique et des systèmes, l’infrastructure et les services d’hébergement, la recherche et l’analyse, l’assistance et l’assurance qualité, la sécurité et d’autres services, aux fins et conformément à la base juridique décrite ci-dessus. Vous pouvez demander une liste de nos Prestataires de services, des Données à caractère personnel qu’ils reçoivent et pour quelles finalités en nous contactant. Vous trouverez les coordonnées dans l’Article 13 intitulé «
Comment contacter DoubleVerify
» du présent Avis de confidentialité des Solutions.
Affiliés – par exemple une société mère, des sociétés sœurs, des filiales, des coentreprises ou d’autres sociétés sous contrôle commun, dans la mesure nécessaire pour exploiter, maintenir et améliorer nos Solutions. Vous pouvez demander une liste de nos affiliés, des Données à caractère personnel qu’ils reçoivent et à quelles fins en nous contactant. Vous trouverez les coordonnées dans l’Article 13 intitulé «
Comment contacter DoubleVerify
» du présent Avis de confidentialité des Solutions.
Tiers engagés par nos Clients – pour soutenir nos Clients, nous pouvons intégrer nos Solutions à d’autres outils et services engagés par nos Clients afin d’assurer des services et des capacités de Rapport renforcés. En aucun cas nous ne recevons des données de ces intégrations qui permettraient à DoubleVerify d’enrichir nos données et d’identifier les Utilisateurs finaux. Dans des cas limités, nous pouvons partager des données de niveau impression avec des sociétés engagées par nos Clients pour mener des recherches sur l’efficacité du marketing. Dans des circonstances limitées, nos clients peuvent nous demander de partager certaines Informations à caractère personnel nécessaires pour permettre la fonctionnalité d’un produit ou d’un service non géré par DoubleVerify.
Tiers impliqués dans une transaction d’entreprise – dans le cas où DoubleVerify est acquis par ou fusionné avec une autre société, ou dans le cas d’une réorganisation, d’une dissolution ou de tout autre changement fondamental de la société.
Nous pouvons être légalement tenus de divulguer vos Données à caractère personnel :
(a) Si une autorité publique, un tribunal, un organisme chargé de l’application de la loi ou de la réglementation exige une telle divulgation (par exemple, dans le cadre d’une enquête en cours, d’une assignation à comparaître, d’un processus ou autre procédure juridique similaire) ;
(b) Comme l’exige par ailleurs toute loi, tout règlement ou toute règle applicable ; et
(c) Si nous considérons, en toute bonne foi, que cette divulgation est nécessaire pour protéger ou défendre nos droits ou les droits d’autrui, pour aider à une enquête ou pour empêcher une activité illégale.
Les Tableaux de fraude et autres rapports, flux de données, API et tableaux de bord liés à l’Élimination de la fraude qui ne contiennent pas de Données à caractère personnel peuvent être partagés ou mis à la disposition des Clients et d’autres tiers, y compris, par exemple, des organisations du secteur, dans la mesure où cela est nécessaire pour permettre à DoubleVerify de réaliser ses objectifs commerciaux, à savoir fournir, maintenir et améliorer la partie Élimination de la fraude de nos Solutions et lutter contre la fraude publicitaire.
Nous ne partageons pas vos Données à caractère personnel avec nos Clients. Tous les rapports et analyses que nous mettons à la disposition des Clients via notre portail de rapports sont anonymes, ce qui signifie qu’ils ne contiennent pas de Données à caractère personnel. Les rapports sont généralement agrégés, mais dans des circonstances limitées, des rapports au niveau de l’impression sont remis à nos Clients, via des points finaux FTP ou des API, à condition que ces rapports ne contiennent aucune Donnée à caractère personnel. Nous pouvons partager les Données techniques, qui sont anonymes, sous forme agrégée ou sous leur forme brute, avec des tiers si nous le jugeons nécessaire pour réaliser nos objectifs commerciaux de fourniture, de maintenance et d’amélioration des Solutions. En outre, nous pouvons partager des données anonymes ou dépersonnalisées de manière globale dans le cadre de l’exploitation normale de notre entreprise, par exemple pour publier des études de cas et des rapports afin de montrer les tendances concernant les avantages et les performances de nos Solutions.
Pour éviter toute ambiguïté, DoubleVerify ne communique pas de Données à caractère personnel à des entités qui interviennent comme des « entreprises » ou des « tiers » en vertu de lois telles que la CCPA.
6. Combien de temps conservons-nous les Données à caractère personnel ?
DoubleVerify ne conserve les Données à caractère personnel traitées par l’intermédiaire de ses Solutions que pendant la durée nécessaire à la réalisation des objectifs décrits dans le présent Avis de confidentialité des Solutions, et en aucun cas plus de quarante-cinq (45) jours. À l’expiration de cette période, les Données à caractère personnel sont supprimées en toute sécurité des systèmes de DoubleVerify.
Les Tableaux de fraude peuvent être conservés indéfiniment afin de garantir le bon fonctionnement de la Solution d’élimination de la fraude.
Les Données techniques, étant donné qu’elles sont anonymes par nature, peuvent être conservées par DoubleVerify indéfiniment ou aussi longtemps que le prévoient les politiques de DoubleVerify et que le permettent les lois applicables et les accords de DoubleVerify avec ses Clients.
7. Comment les Données à caractère personnel sont-elles sécurisées ?
DoubleVerify a mis en œuvre des mesures techniques, physiques et organisationnelles appropriées conçues pour protéger les Données à caractère personnel contre la destruction accidentelle ou illicite, la perte accidentelle, les dommages, l’altération, la divulgation ou l’accès non autorisé, ainsi que contre toute autre forme de traitement illicite. Bien que nous suivions les normes généralement acceptées et les meilleures pratiques pour protéger les Données à caractère personnel, aucune méthode de stockage ou de transmission n’est sûre à 100 %. Toutefois, nous nous efforçons constamment d’améliorer nos mesures de protection et de garantir la sécurité de vos Données à caractère personnel.
8. Comment les Données à caractère personnel sont-elles transférées à l’international ?
Sachez que les Données à caractère personnel que nous recueillons peuvent être transférées et conservées sur des serveurs ou des bases de données situés en dehors de votre État, province, pays ou autre juridiction. Bien que vos Données à caractère personnel puissent être transmises par l’intermédiaire d’un centre de données temporaire local afin de garantir l’efficacité et la réactivité des Solutions, DoubleVerify stocke en définitive toutes les Données à caractère personnel recueillies par l’intermédiaire des Solutions aux États-Unis. En tant que société internationale, nous avons des bureaux aux États-Unis, au Royaume-Uni, en France, en Belgique, en Finlande, en Allemagne, en Israël, au Canada, au Mexique, au Brésil, au Japon, en Inde, à Singapour et en Australie. Nos employés sur ces sites peuvent être amenés à accéder à vos Données à caractère personnel pour soutenir nos Solutions. Le niveau de protection des données établi dans certains de ces endroits, notamment les États-Unis, peut être inférieur à celui établi dans l’Union européenne ou dans d’autres pays qui ont adopté des lois et des règlements stricts en matière de protection de la vie privée.
Nous prenons des mesures pour garantir que vos Données à caractère personnel soient stockées en toute sécurité chez nous, en respectant les obligations réglementaires en matière de confidentialité et de sécurité imposées aux entreprises de l’Union européenne. Nous nous assurons également que tout autre destinataire de vos Données à caractère personnel offre un niveau suffisant de protection et de sécurité, par exemple en concluant les accords adossés appropriés et, si nécessaire, des clauses contractuelles standard ou un mécanisme alternatif pour le transfert de données tel qu’approuvé par la Commission européenne ou tout autre régulateur applicable. Les pratiques de DoubleVerify en matière de confidentialité, décrites dans cet Avis de confidentialité, sont conformes au système de règles de confidentialité transfrontalières (CBPR) de l’APEC et au système de reconnaissance de la confidentialité pour les sous-traitants (PRP). Le système CBPR de l’APEC et le système PRP de l’APEC offrent des cadres permettant aux organisations d’assurer la protection des Données à caractère personnel transférées entre les économies participantes de l’APEC. De plus amples informations sur les cadres de l’APEC sont disponibles
ici
. Si vous avez des questions sur l’endroit où nous stockons vos Données à caractère personnel, vous pouvez nous contacter comme indiqué dans l’Article 13 «
Comment contacter DoubleVerify
» du présent Avis de confidentialité mondial.
En outre, DoubleVerify Inc. et ses filiales Outrigger Media Inc. d/b/a OpenSlate, Scibids Technology Inc., Zentrick Inc. («DoubleVerify »), respecte le Cadre de protection des données UE-États-Unis (CPD UE-États-Unis), l’extension britannique du Cadre de protection des données UE-États-Unis et le Cadre de protection des données Suisse-États-Unis (CPD Suisse-États-Unis), tels que définis par le Ministère du Commerce des États-Unis. DoubleVerify a certifié au Ministère du Commerce des États-Unis qu’il adhère aux Principes du Cadre de protection des données UE-États-Unis (Principes du CPD UE-États-Unis) en ce qui concerne le traitement des données à caractère personnel reçues de l’Union européenne en vertu du CPD UE-États-Unis et du Royaume-Uni (et de Gibraltar) en vertu de l’extension britannique du CPD UE-États-Unis. DoubleVerify a certifié au Ministère du Commerce des États-Unis qu’il adhère aux Principes du cadre de protection des données Suisse-États-Unis (Principes du CPD Suisse-États-Unis) en ce qui concerne le traitement des données à caractère personnel reçues de la Suisse en s’appuyant sur le cadre du CPD Suisse-États-Unis. En cas de conflit entre les dispositions de la présente politique de confidentialité et les Principes du CPD UE-États-Unis ou les Principes du CPD Suisse-États-Unis, les Principes prévaudront. Pour en savoir plus sur le programme du Cadre de protection des données (CPD) et pour consulter notre certification, veuillez consulter le site https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/.
DoubleVerify est responsable du traitement des données à caractère personnel qu’elle reçoit, en vertu du CPD, et qu’elle transfère ensuite à un tiers agissant en tant qu’agent pour son compte. DoubleVerify se conforme aux Principes du CPD pour tous les transferts ultérieurs de données à caractère personnel de l’UE, du Royaume-Uni et de la Suisse, y compris les dispositions relatives à la responsabilité en cas de transfert ultérieur.
La Commission fédérale du commerce est compétente en ce qui concerne la conformité de DoubleVerify avec le CPD UE-États-Unis, l’extension britannique du CPD UE-États-Unis et le CPD Suisse-États-Unis. Dans certaines situations, DoubleVerify peut être tenue de divulguer des données à caractère personnel en réponse à des demandes légales émanant d’autorités publiques, y compris pour répondre à des exigences de sécurité nationale ou d’application de la loi.
Conformément au CPD UE-États-Unis, à l’extension britannique du CPD UE-États-Unis et au CPD Suisse-États-Unis, DoubleVerify s’engage à soumettre les plaintes non résolues concernant notre traitement des Données à caractère personnel reçues en vertu du CPD UE-États-Unis, de l’extension britannique du CPD UE-États-Unis et du CPD Suisse-États-Unis à TRUSTe, un fournisseur de solutions alternatives de résolution des litiges basé aux États-Unis. Si vous ne recevez pas rapidement de notre part un accusé de réception de votre plainte liée aux principes du CPD, ou si nous n’avons pas traité votre plainte liée aux principes du CPD de façon satisfaisante pour vous, veuillez consulter le site https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request pour en savoir plus ou pour déposer une plainte. Ces services de résolution des litiges vous sont fournis gratuitement.
Pour les plaintes concernant le respect du CPD qui ne sont pas résolues par l’un des autres mécanismes du CPD, vous avez la possibilité, sous certaines conditions, de recourir à un arbitrage contraignant. De plus amples informations sont disponibles sur le site officiel du CPD.
9. Quels sont vos droits ?
Dans certains pays, les Utilisateurs finaux peuvent avoir des droits en tant que personne concernée leur permettant de faire des demandes relatives à leurs Données à caractère personnel. La plupart des pays accordent également aux Utilisateurs finaux le droit d’être informés de la manière dont les Données à caractère personnel sont recueillies et utilisées et avec qui elles ont pu être partagées ou divulguées, et à quelles fins. L’Avis de confidentialité des solutions DoubleVerify vise à répondre à ces exigences, mais si vous avez des questions supplémentaires ou si vous souhaitez mieux comprendre comment vos Données à caractère personnel ont pu être recueillies, utilisées ou avec qui elles ont pu être partagées ou divulguées, et pourquoi, veuillez nous contacter en utilisant l’Article 13 «
Comment contacter DoubleVerify
» ci-dessous.
Les résidents de l’Espace économique européen, du Royaume-Uni, de la Suisse ou de la Californie, entre autres, disposent de plusieurs droits en vertu des lois et réglementations applicables en matière de protection de la vie privée, telles que le RGPD et la CCPA. Pour exercer ces droits, vous pouvez utiliser
ce Formulaire
ou nous contacter en utilisant l’Article 13 «
Comment contacter DoubleVerify
» ci-dessous. Conformément à certaines lois et réglementations, telles que la loi CCPA, vous pouvez également désigner un agent autorisé à soumettre une demande ou à exercer un droit en votre nom. Nous n’exercerons pas de discrimination ni de représailles à votre encontre pour avoir exercé vos droits.
Ces droits sont les suivants :
Le droit d’accéder à toute Donnée à caractère personnel que nous pouvons détenir à votre sujet, y compris des renseignements sur les catégories et les éléments particuliers de Données à caractère personnel.
Le droit de rectifier les Données à caractère personnel inexactes que nous pouvons détenir à votre sujet. Veuillez garder à l’esprit qu’en raison de la nature des Données à caractère personnel que nous recueillons et de la méthode de collecte, il est très peu probable que nous détenions des Données à caractère personnel inexactes ou qui répondraient aux circonstances exigeant une correction.
Le droit de demander à DoubleVerify de supprimer toute Donnée à caractère personnel que nous détenons à votre sujet.
Le droit de demander que le traitement des Données à caractère personnel vous concernant soit suspendu ou restreint pendant un certain temps, par exemple, pendant que vous évaluez si vous avez d’autres droits que vous souhaitez exercer.
Dans la mesure où vos Données à caractère personnel sont traitées sur la base d’un intérêt légitime, vous avez le droit de vous opposer à ce traitement.
Dans la mesure où vos Données à caractère personnel sont traitées sur la base de votre consentement, pour retirer ledit consentement via le Cadre de transparence et de consentement d’IAB Europe.
Dans toute la mesure du possible, nous répondons à toute demande relative à un Utilisateur final, à condition que nous puissions faire correspondre l’Utilisateur final aux Données à caractère personnel que nous détenons dans nos systèmes. Toutefois, dans certaines circonstances, nous pouvons être amenés à vérifier votre identité pour répondre à une demande. Pour vérifier votre identité ou comprendre la portée de votre demande, nous pouvons être amenés à demander des informations supplémentaires vous concernant. Il ne vous sera pas demandé de créer un compte chez nous pour soumettre une demande ou la voir satisfaite. Vous devrez fournir une adresse électronique afin que nous puissions communiquer avec vous et appuyer votre demande, ainsi que toute information dont nous pourrions avoir besoin pour vérifier si nous détenons des Données à caractère personnel vous concernant. Sachez qu’il peut exister des circonstances qui nous empêchent de répondre à votre demande, mais si nous ne pouvons pas le faire, nous vous expliquerons pourquoi. Dans la mesure où nous ne détenons pas de Données à caractère personnel vous concernant, nous vous le ferons savoir. Nous nous efforçons de répondre à toutes les demandes et requêtes dans les meilleurs délais, mais nous vous prions de nous accorder un délai de réponse de trente (30) jours.
Dans la mesure où DoubleVerify fait office de « sous-traitant », de « fournisseur » ou de « prestataire de services » au sens de la loi applicable, vous devrez peut-être adresser vos demandes d’exercice de vos droits au Client concerné qui fait office de « responsable du traitement » ou d’« entreprise ».
10. Informations supplémentaires
Certaines lois et réglementations relatives à la protection de la vie privée, telles que la loi CCPA, obligent les entreprises à indiquer si elles vendent des Données à caractère personnel. DoubleVerify ne divulgue pas les Données à caractère personnel d’une manière qui constituerait une « vente » ou un « partage » selon les lois de la Californie, de la Virginie, du Nevada ou de lois similaires.
11. Est-ce que DoubleVerify utilise l’Intelligence artificielle ?
DoubleVerify utilise l’Intelligence artificielle (« IA ») dans diverses activités et de diverses manières au sein de son entreprise. Bien que DoubleVerify ait recours aux technologies d’IA, nous ne faisons pas appel aux dispositifs de « prise de décision automatisée » au sens des lois et règlements en matière de confidentialité.
12. Droit applicable
Dans la mesure où il est applicable et où la loi et la réglementation le permettent, le présent Avis de confidentialité des Solutions est régi et interprété conformément aux lois internes de l’État du Delaware, et la juridiction compétente et le lieu de tout litige seront le Delaware.
13. Mettons-nous à jour le présent Avis de confidentialité des Solutions ?
Nous pouvons mettre à jour le présent Avis de confidentialité des solutions de temps à autre pour refléter les modifications apportées à nos Solutions, nos pratiques, nos politiques ou d’autres changements internes ou externes, ainsi que pour nous conformer à de nouvelles exigences légales. Toute modification sera publiée dès son entrée en vigueur. Si nous effectuons des mises à jour, nous mettrons à jour la « date d’entrée en vigueur » indiquée en haut de cet Avis de confidentialité des Solutions pour vous aider à comprendre quand les changements ont été effectués. Pour rester informé de ces mises à jour, nous vous encourageons à consulter régulièrement cet Avis de confidentialité des Solutions. Veuillez noter que toute traduction de cet Avis de confidentialité des Solutions a pour seul but de faciliter votre accès à ces informations. La version anglaise est la seule version officielle de cet Avis de confidentialité des Solutions et toute inexactitude ou divergence de traduction n’est pas contraignante et n’a aucun effet juridique à des fins de conformité ou d’application.
14. Comment contacter DoubleVerify ?
Si vous avez des questions, des préoccupations ou des commentaires concernant cet Avis de confidentialité des Solutions, ou si vous considérez que vos Données à caractère personnel ont été utilisées d’une manière non conforme à l’Avis de confidentialité ou à vos choix, vous pouvez contacter notre équipe chargée de la confidentialité à l’adresse suivante :
Coordonnées de l’Agent de protection de la vie privée / du Délégué à la protection des données (Équipe chargée de la protection)
DoubleVerify Inc.
462 Broadway
New York, NY 10013
privacy-policy@doubleverify.com
Si vous avez un problème de confidentialité ou d’utilisation des données que nous n’avons pas résolu de manière satisfaisante, veuillez contacter notre prestataire de services de résolution des litiges tiers basé aux États-Unis (gratuitement) à l’adresse suivante :
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
. Nous nous engageons à trouver une solution équitable à toute plainte ou préoccupation que vous pourriez avoir concernant votre vie privée ou le présent Avis de confidentialité des Solutions. Toutefois, si vous estimez que nous n’avons pas été en mesure de vous aider, rien dans le présent Avis de confidentialité des Solutions ne limite ni ne vise à limiter vos droits en vertu des lois applicables, y compris votre capacité, en fonction de votre pays de résidence, à déposer une plainte auprès de votre Autorité locale de protection des données ou de tout autre organisme compétent en matière de confidentialité.
Datum des Inkrafttretens: 28. Juni 2024
Überblick
DoubleVerify Inc. ist gemeinsam mit seinen Tochtergesellschaften in aller Welt (zusammengefasst als „
DoubleVerify
“, „
wir
“, „
uns
“ oder „
unser
“ bezeichnet) der Branchenführer in Bezug auf Transparenz und Rechenschaftspflicht bei Online-Werbung. DoubleVerify nutzt verschiedene Technologien, um Informationen über Online-Werbung, Website-Verkehr, mobilen App-Verkehr und den Verkehr mit vernetzten Geräten zu sammeln, um Produkte und Lösungen zu Transparenz und Rechenschaftspflicht in der Werbung zu liefern (zusammengefasst als „
Lösungen
“ bezeichnet). Diese Datenschutzerklärung („
Datenschutzerklärung
für Lösungen
“) erläutert, wer wir sind, wie wir personenbezogene Daten mithilfe unserer Lösungen erheben, verwenden und weitergeben und wie Sie Ihre Datenschutzrechte ausüben können.
Wenn Sie weitere Informationen dazu wünschen, wie DoubleVerify personenbezogene Daten verarbeitet, die auf unseren öffentlich zugänglichen Websites erhoben werden, besuchen Sie bitte unsere
Datenschutzerklärung für Websites und Marketing
.
Wenn Sie DoubleVerify-Lösungen nutzen und weitere Informationen dazu wünschen, wie DoubleVerify personenbezogene Daten verarbeitet, die über unsere Berichterstattungstools erhoben werden, besuchen Sie bitte unsere
Datenschutzerklärung für Berichterstattungstools
.
Quick-Links
Wir empfehlen Ihnen, diese Datenschutzerklärung für Lösungen vollständig zu lesen, um sicherzustellen, dass Sie vollständig informiert sind. Um es Ihnen jedoch einfacher zu machen, bestimmte Teile dieser Datenschutzerklärung für Lösungen zu finden und durchzugehen, haben wir sie in die folgenden Abschnitte unterteilt:
Wer ist DoubleVerify?
Welches sind unsere Rollen, Ziele und Rechtsgrundlagen für die Verarbeitung?
Welche Daten sammeln wir und für welche Zwecke?
Wie verwenden wir von uns erfasste Daten?
Wie und an wen geben wir Daten weiter?
Wie lange bewahren wir personenbezogene Daten auf?
Wie werden personenbezogene Daten gesichert?
Wie werden personenbezogene Daten ins Ausland übermittelt?
Welches sind Ihre Rechte?
Zusätzliche Angaben
Verwendet DoubleVerify künstliche Intelligenz?
Anwendbares Recht
Aktualisieren wir diese Datenschutzerklärung für Lösungen?
Wie Sie mit DoubleVerify Kontakt aufnehmen können
1. Wer ist DoubleVerify?
DoubleVerifys zugelassenen Plattformen bieten unabhängige digitale Medienmessung sowie Daten und Analysen zu Anzeigeaufrufen (Ad Impressions) und Website-Datenverkehr, um Werbepartnern, Agenturen und Werbeinventarverkäufern (zusammengefasst als „
Kunden
“ bezeichnet) dabei behilflich zu sein, exakte Eigenschaften geschalteter Anzeigen zu ermitteln, wie insbesondere Markensicherheit, Sichtbarkeitsmetriken, kontext- und umweltbezogene Parameter (wie etwa die Website, auf der eine Anzeige erscheint, und wo sie auf der Webseite erscheint) und Qualitätsmerkmale von Anzeigeaufrufen und Website-Datenverkehr, und Einblicke zu liefern, die es unseren Kunden ermöglichen, fundierte Entscheidungen über die Platzierung ihrer kreativen Werbung und von Marken zu treffen.
Wir halten es für wichtig, jedermann, dessen Daten wir in gleich welcher Eigenschaft verarbeiten können, ausreichenden Schutz seiner Daten zu bieten – weil wir glauben, dass Datenschutz ein Grundrecht ist und nicht etwas, das davon abhängen sollte, wo Sie gerade leben mögen. Um diesem Grundsatz gerecht zu werden, behandeln wir alle Daten, die sich auf eine identifizierte oder identifizierbare natürliche Person beziehen oder mit ihr verknüpft sind, als „personenbezogene Daten“, unabhängig vom Aufenthaltsort dieser Person. Was unsere Lösungen angeht, beschränkt DoubleVerify jegliche Informationen, die wir sammeln, auf Informationen, die die Identifikation einer Person ohne zusätzliche Informationen nicht ermöglichen. Beispielsweise verarbeitet DoubleVerify Ihre Internetprotokoll („IP“)-Adresse, eine Nummer, die einem Computer bei Nutzung des Internets automatisch zugewiesen wird. Obwohl DoubleVerify solche Informationen in Übereinstimmung mit bewährten Verfahren und geltenden Gesetzen als personenbezogene Daten behandelt, kombinieren wir diese Informationen niemals mit anderen Daten, die es uns ermöglichen würden, die Person zu identifizieren, auf die sie sich beziehen.
Diese Datenschutzerklärung für Lösungen dient dazu, Personen, deren Daten mithilfe unserer Lösungen verarbeitet werden können, („
Endnutzer
“ oder „
Sie
“ und „
Ihr
“) über Folgendes zu informieren: (1) die Arten von Informationen, die DoubleVerify über Sie oder Ihr Gerät sammeln kann, wenn eine von uns analysierte Werbeanzeige auf einer Website, die Sie ansehen, oder in einer App, die Sie verwenden, platziert wird, (2) unsere Datenschutzpraktiken, wie wir Informationen, die als personenbezogene Daten zu betrachten sind, verwenden, weitergeben und auf andere Weise verarbeiten können, und (3) welche Rechte Ihnen in Bezug auf solche personenbezogenen Daten zustehen. Diese Datenschutzerklärung für Lösungen erläutert außerdem, welche nicht-personenbezogenen Informationen („
technische Informationen
“) wir über die Anzeigen erfassen, die wir verfolgen, und wie wir diese technischen Informationen verwenden, um unsere Lösungen zu betreiben.
2. Welches sind unsere Rollen, Ziele und Rechtsgrundlagen für die Verarbeitung?
Die Lösungen von DoubleVerify zur Betrugserkennung und -bekämpfung („
Betrugsbekämpfung
“) und Überprüfung der Einhaltung geografischer Vorgaben („
Geo-Verifizierung
“) erfordern die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten. Außer in den unten aufgeführten begrenzten Fällen führt DoubleVerify Betrugsbekämpfung im Hinblick auf Gesetze und Vorschriften wie etwa die Datenschutz-Grundverordnung („
DSGVO
“) als „Verantwortlicher“ und Geo-Verifizierung als „Auftragsverarbeiter“ aus. In Bezug auf das kalifornische Gesetz zum Schutz der Privatsphäre von Verbrauchern (California Consumer Privacy Act, „
CCPA
“) und andere staatliche regulatorische Regelwerke in den USA kann unsere Bezeichnung je nach spezifischer Beziehung zu jedem Kunden variieren. Da die von uns verarbeiteten personenbezogenen Daten durch unsere Technologie erfasst und uns von unseren Kunden „zur Verfügung gestellt“ werden, agieren wir im Allgemeinen als „Auftragnehmer“ im Rahmen des CCPA oder als „Auftragsverarbeiter“ nach anderen staatlichen Gesetzen und regulatorischen Regelwerken in den USA. Ungeachtet des Vorstehenden können wir unter begrenzten Umständen, in denen personenbezogene Daten über kundenspezifische Integrationen und andere nicht standardisierte Mittel an DoubleVerify weitergegeben werden, beispielsweise wenn solche personenbezogenen Daten von einem Kunden für die Analyse von DoubleVerify gesammelt und bereitgestellt werden, als „Auftragsverarbeiter“ oder „Dienstleister“ im Rahmen des CCPA angesehen werden. Dieses Szenario tritt am häufigsten bei unseren Partnerschaften mit Kunden aus dem Bereich der sozialen Medien und anderen Kunden auf, die proprietäre Umgebungen betreiben, die oft als „Walled Gardens“ bezeichnet werden.
Mit Ausnahme der Betrugsbekämpfung sowie wenn dies erforderlich ist, um Impressions nach branchenüblichen Verfahren (wie etwa die Richtlinien des Media Ratings Council) zu qualifizieren, und der Geo-Verifizierung erfordern DoubleVerifys sonstige Lösungen (wie etwa Sichtbarkeit, Markensicherheit und Eignung) im Allgemeinen nicht die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten. Es gibt jedoch Umstände, wie etwa Fälle, in denen wir solche Lösungen für Kunden bereitstellen, die „Walled Gardens“ betreiben, in denen diese Kunden in ihrer Rolle als Verantwortliche verlangen können, dass DoubleVerify zusätzliche personenbezogene Daten von Endnutzern oder Personen verarbeitet, die Konten und Inhalte in den Umgebungen des Kunden erstellen. In jedem solchen Szenario wird die Entscheidung darüber, welche personenbezogenen Daten verarbeitet werden, von den Kunden getroffen, die in ihrer Rolle als Verantwortliche auch nach eigenem Ermessen die Rechtsgrundlage für die Verarbeitung dieser personenbezogenen Daten festlegen. Weitere Informationen über die Datenschutzpraktiken dieser Kunden, die verarbeiteten personenbezogenen Daten und die geltende Rechtsgrundlage für die Verarbeitung finden Sie in den jeweiligen Datenschutzhinweisen oder -erklärungen der einzelnen Kunden. Wenn Sie sich mit DoubleVerify in Verbindung setzen, um sich über diese Programme zu erkundigen, können wir Ihnen einige grundlegende Informationen über die Arbeit, die wir für diese Kunden leisten, zur Verfügung stellen. Wir empfehlen Ihnen jedoch, sich mit dem jeweiligen Kunden in Verbindung zu setzen oder die Datenschutzdokumentation zu prüfen, die dieser auf seinen Webseiten zur Verfügung stellt.
Soweit Gesetze wie etwa die DSGVO betroffen sind, ist DoubleVerifys Rechtsgrundlage für die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten mithilfe unserer Lösungen das berechtigte Interesse (i) unserer Kunden, Betrug in der Werbung zu unterbinden und Endnutzern geografisch korrekte und regelkonforme Informationen zu liefern, (ii) der Endnutzer, betrugsfreie und geografisch korrekte und regelkonforme Informationen zu erhalten und (iii) der allgemeinen Öffentlichkeit an der kontinuierlichen Verfügbarkeit eines uneingeschränkten Internetzugangs.
DoubleVerify hat sich dem IAB-Transparenz- und Einwilligungsrahmenwerk (TCFv2.2 – Lieferanten-ID 126) angeschlossen, und wir verwenden berechtigte Interessen als Grundlage für die Erhebung von Daten für die folgenden Zwecke:
Gewährleistung von Sicherheit, Verhinderung und Aufdeckung von Betrug und Behebung von Fehlern (Sonderzweck 1)
Lieferung und Präsentation von Werbeanzeigen und Inhalten (Sonderzweck 2)
Speicherung und Kommunikation von Datenschutzentscheidungen (Sonderzweck 3)
Bewertung von Anzeigen-Performance (Zweck 7)
Entwicklung und Verbesserung von Dienstleistungen (Zweck 10)
In begrenzten Szenarien kann das Unternehmen, das für das Transparenz- und Einwilligungsregelwerk von IAB Europa auf dem Grundstück verantwortlich ist, auf dem DoubleVerify-Lösungen betrieben werden, unsere Geo-Verifizierung von einer Einwilligung abhängig machen. In diesen sehr begrenzten Fällen dient die Einwilligung dazu,
begrenzte Datenmengen zu verwenden, um Werbeanzeigen auszuwählen (Zweck 2)
Anzeigen-Performance zu bewerten (Zweck 7)
Dienstleistungen zu entwickeln und zu verbessern (Zweck 10)
3. Welche Daten sammeln wir und für welche Zwecke?
DoubleVerify erhebt und nutzt bestimmte Kategorien personenbezogener Daten und technischer Informationen, um seine Geschäftszwecke der Lieferung, Pflege und Verbesserung seiner Lösungen zu erreichen. Die Kategorien von personenbezogenen Daten und technischen Informationen, die mithilfe der DoubleVerify-Lösungen verarbeitet werden, sind unten aufgeführt. Soweit personenbezogene Daten für den Betrieb einer oder mehrerer Funktionen einer DoubleVerify-Lösung erforderlich sind, werden die betreffenden Daten nur für die unten aufgeführten spezifischen Zwecke verwendet, sofern nach geltendem Recht nichts anderes vorgeschrieben ist. Darüber hinaus kann es unter bestimmten Umständen erforderlich sein, die personenbezogenen Daten in Verbindung mit einigen technischen Informationen zu verarbeiten, um die ordnungsgemäße Funktion von DoubleVerifys Lösungen zu gewährleisten. In derartigen Szenarien werden die kombinierten Daten als personenbezogene Daten betrachtet und entsprechend geschützt. Die personenbezogenen Daten und technischen Informationen, die wir verarbeiten, werden von uns nie zu dem Zweck kombiniert, analysiert oder mit zusätzlichen Informationen angereichert, Endnutzer zu identifizieren. Wir verfolgen Sie oder Ihre Online-Aktivitäten nie in Apps und auf Websites oder über längere Zeit, setzen keine permanenten Technologien wie etwa Drittanbieter-Cookies ein und erstellen nie Profile oder Zielgruppen, um einzelne Personen anzusprechen.
Kategorien von technischen Informationen, die für den Betrieb der Lösungen von DoubleVerify erfasst und verwendet werden:
Werbekampagnenmerkmale – Die Kennung der Werbeagentur, die eine Anzeige schaltet, ihre Kampagnen- und Platzierungskennungen und die Kennungen der Medienunternehmen, die das Inventar an die Werbeagentur oder Werbeplattformen von Vermittlern verkaufen, werden erfasst und verarbeitet, um den Kunden zu identifizieren, den wir bedienen, die richtigen Einstellungen für den jeweiligen Kunden zu verwenden, die Kundenberichte gemäß diesen Kennungen zu segmentieren und dem Kunden Rechnungen zukommen zu lassen.
Webinhaltsmerkmale – Die Webadresse (URL) der Seiten/Frames, an die die Anzeige ausgeliefert wird, und die Adresse verweisender Seiten/Frames werden erfasst, um sicherzustellen, dass die Anzeigen im richtigen Kontext geliefert werden, den unser Kunde in den Profileinstellungen in unserem System festgelegt hat.
Mobile Anwendungsmerkmale – Name der mobilen Anwendung, ID der mobilen Anwendung, App-Store, Anwendungsentwickler, Sternebewertungen der Anwendung, Altersbewertung der Anwendung und andere öffentlich verfügbare Informationen über die mobile Anwendung, an die die Werbeanzeige ausgeliefert wird. Diese Informationen werden verwendet, um sicherzustellen, dass die Werbeanzeigen im richtigen Kontext platziert werden, den unser Kunde in den Profileinstellungen in unserem System festgelegt hat.
Digitale Umgebungsmerkmale – Der Typ des angeschlossenen Geräts, an das die Werbung ausgeliefert wird: Mobilgerät, Desktop, angeschlossenes TV oder anderes Gerät, der Browsertyp und -version, die zur Darstellung der Seite verwendet werden, auf der die Anzeige erscheint, und das Betriebssystem werden erfasst, um zu bestimmen, welche Version unseres Codes in dieser Umgebung ordnungsgemäß funktionieren würde, und um richtig einzuschätzen, ob die Werbung nach Maßgabe der Branchenstandards, die zwischen Umgebungen variieren, die Möglichkeit hatte, auf dem Bildschirm sichtbar zu werden.
Sichtbarkeitsmerkmale – Die Stelle der Anzeige auf der Seite, die Größe der Anzeige, die Größe des Bildschirms, die Größe des Ansichtsfensters, der Tab-Fokusstatus, der Browser-Fokusstatus, die Zeitdauer der Anzeige im sichtbaren Teil der Webseite und die Scroll-Position der Webseite werden erfasst, um zu bestimmen, ob die Anzeige die Möglichkeit hatte, auf dem Bildschirm sichtbar zu werden, und dies unseren Kunden zu berichten.
Präsenz- und Engagement-Merkmale – Daten, die anzeigen, ob die Anzeige angeklickt, durchgestrichen, angetippt oder berührt, in der Größe geändert, übersprungen, stumm geschaltet, angehalten, gedreht, bewegt oder geändert wurde, werden erfasst, um unseren Kunden bei der Einschätzung der Wirkung der Werbeanzeige bzw. der Werbekampagne oder der Leistung des Medienunternehmens behilflich zu sein.
Kategorien von Daten, die für den Betrieb der Betrugsbekämpfungslösung erfasst und verwendet werden:
Pseudonyme elektronische Präsenz- und Gerätekennungen – wie etwa IP-Adresse, User-Agent-Kennung oder Derivate dieser beiden Werte – werden verwendet, um zu beurteilen, ob die Online-Präsenz oder das Gerät an einem Betrugsprogramm beteiligt oder damit verbunden ist.
Kategorien von Daten, die für den Betrieb der Geo-Verifizierungslösung erfasst und verwendet werden:
Pseudonyme elektronische Präsenz und Gerätekennungen – wie etwa die IP-Adresse – werden erfasst, um den geografischen Standort zu bestimmen, mit dem sie verbunden sind. Jede IP ist mit einem Land verbunden und kann in den Vereinigten Staaten mit spezifischeren Informationen bis hin zur Postleitzahl verbunden sein. Ihre exakten Geolokalisierungsdaten werden nie erfasst.
Unter eingeschränkten Umständen kann DoubleVerify von einigen seiner Kunden, beispielsweise von Kunden, die als „Walled Garden(s)“ arbeiten, zur Verarbeitung zusätzlicher personenbezogener Daten aufgefordert werden, um ihre Lösungen zu ermöglichen. Solche zusätzlichen personenbezogenen Daten können sich auf Endnutzer, auf Personen, die Konten innerhalb solcher „Walled Gardens“ erstellen, oder auf Personen, die Inhalte erstellen, die innerhalb solcher „Walled Garden“-Umgebungen veröffentlicht werden, beziehen. Soweit DoubleVerify von einem seiner als „Walled Gardens“ arbeitenden Kunden aufgefordert wird, zusätzliche personenbezogene Daten zur Ermöglichung bestimmter Lösungen zu verarbeiten, verarbeitet DoubleVerify diese personenbezogenen Daten ausschließlich zum Zweck der Erfüllung seiner Verpflichtungen gegenüber dem Kunden und in strikter Übereinstimmung mit den Anweisungen des Kunden, die für den Betrieb, die Wartung und gegebenenfalls die Verbesserung der Lösungen erforderlich sind. Wir arbeiten sorgfältig mit diesen Kunden zusammen, um sicherzustellen, dass die verarbeiteten personenbezogenen Daten nur auf die personenbezogenen Daten beschränkt sind, die zur Erreichung dieser Zwecke erforderlich sind. In begrenzten Fällen kann unsere Interaktion mit „Walled Gardens“ zu einem zufälligen Erhalt personenbezogener Daten führen. DoubleVerify bemüht sich gewissenhaft um eine Überwachung dieser Fälle, um sicherzustellen, dass diese personenbezogenen Daten nicht über den Empfang hinaus verarbeitet werden (außer um sie sicher aus unseren Systemen zu löschen). Da in diesen Szenarien die spezifischen Kategorien personenbezogener Daten von der kundenspezifischen Integration und den Entscheidungen des Kunden abhängen und von Kunde zu Kunde unterschiedlich sind, empfehlen wir Ihnen, sich bei weiteren Fragen an den jeweiligen Kunden zu wenden oder die Datenschutzdokumentation zu lesen, die dieser auf seinen Webseiten zur Verfügung stellt.
Die Lösungen sind nicht für die Verarbeitung der personenbezogenen Daten von Kindern bestimmt oder darauf ausgerichtet. Wir erfassen personenbezogene Daten von Kindern nicht wissentlich, wie dieser Begriff in den jeweils geltenden Gesetzen definiert ist. Wenn Sie ein Elternteil oder Erziehungsberechtigter sind und es für möglich halten, dass personenbezogenen Daten Ihres Kindes über die Lösungen verarbeitet wurden, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte unter Verwendung der Informationen in Abschnitt 13 „
Kontaktaufnahme mit DoubleVerify
“ unten; wir treffen daraufhin Maßnahmen, um ihre personenbezogenen Daten sicher aus unseren Systemen zu entfernen.
4. Wie verwenden wir von uns erfasste Daten?
DoubleVerify verwendet die erfassten technischen Informationen und personenbezogenen Daten nur für die in Abschnitt 3, „
Welche Daten sammeln wir und für welche Zwecke?
“ dieser Datenschutzerklärung für Lösungen beschriebenen Zwecke. Die technischen Informationen und Ihre personenbezogenen Daten werden generell dazu verarbeitet, um unseren Kunden Rückmeldungen, Dashboards, Feedback und Erkenntnisse („
Rückmeldungen
“) zu liefern. DV-Rückmeldungen werden in jedem Format anonymisiert und aggregiert und jeder Anzeigenaufruf – soweit Informationen zu Aufrufen benötigt werden – wird deidentifiziert, um sicherzustellen, dass personenbezogene Daten von Endnutzern unter keinen Umständen an Kunden weitergegeben werden. Ungeachtet des Vorstehenden können Rückmeldungen, die für als „Walled Gardens“ arbeitende Kunden (z. B. soziale Medienunternehmen) und andere Kunden, die sich auf solche Rückmeldungen verlassen (z. B. Unternehmen, die in sozialen Medien werben), erstellt werden, Informationen über Personen enthalten, die Konten in solchen „Walled Gardens“ erstellen, oder Personen, die Inhalte erstellen, die in solchen „Walled Garden“-Umgebungen veröffentlicht werden. Dieser Abschnitt bietet zusätzliche Einblicke in die Art und Weise, in der die technischen Informationen und Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verarbeitet werden, um die in Abschnitt 3 dieser Datenschutzerklärung für Lösungen bezeichneten Geschäftszwecke zu erreichen.
DoubleVerify verwendet die mithilfe der Lösungen erfassten, in Abschnitt 3.1 aufgeführten technischen Informationen, um
den Kontext, in dem Werbung angezeigt wird, sowie deren Qualität, Authentizität und Wirkung zu analysieren und entsprechende Rückmeldungen zu übermitteln. Insbesondere betrifft dies Informationen, die vermitteln, ob Werbung in Übereinstimmung angezeigt wird, sowie Präferenzeinstellungen, die der Kunde in unserem System festgelegt hat, und
Einblicke und präventive Entscheidungsfindung in Bezug auf Aufrufchancen zu ermöglichen. DoubleVerify-Technologie analysiert die Datenmerkmale von Aufrufchancen und bestimmt, ob die Werbung des Kunden angezeigt werden sollte oder nicht, beispielsweise durch die Feststellung, dass der umgebende Inhalt nicht mit dem Branding und den Präferenzen des betreffenden Kunden vereinbar ist.
DoubleVerify verwendet für den Betrieb der Betrugsbekämpfungslösung die mithilfe der Lösungen erfassten, in Abschnitt 3.1 und 3.2 aufgeführten technischen Informationen und personenbezogenen Daten, um
spezifische Anzeigenaufrufe zu überprüfen und zu identifizieren, die betrügerischer Natur sind, da sie von Bot-kontrollierten, nicht menschlichen Browsern generiert werden,
ungültigen Datenverkehr zu bewerten und zu identifizieren, wie z. B. Datenverkehr, der von Ad-Injektoren generiert wurde, Datenverkehr, der in Rechenzentren entstanden ist, falsch dargestellter Datenverkehr, nachgeahmter Datenverkehr und andere Arten von ungültigem Datenverkehr,
Websites, mobile Anwendungen und Anwendungen verbundener Geräte sowie Medienunternehmen zu analysieren und zu identifizieren, die betrügerischen Datenverkehr aufweisen und/oder betrügerische Anzeigenaufrufe generieren,
Datenverkehrsmuster auf Websites zu identifizieren, die an betrügerischen Werbeaktivitäten beteiligt sind,
zwischen Datenverkehr zu unterscheiden, der von Bot-gesteuerten, nicht menschlichen Browsern und von menschlichen Browsern generiert wird,
festzustellen, ob analysierte Anzeigen maßgeblichen rechtlichen Vorschriften und von unseren Kunden festgelegten Präferenzen genügen,
zu bestimmen, ob eine Middleware versucht, ihre Betriebsmerkmale falsch darzustellen, um die Identifikation von Betrug oder anderem ungültigem Datenverkehr zu verhindern,
zu bestimmen, ob Website-Datenverkehr oder Anzeigenaufrufe aus einer Serverfarm und nicht aus von Menschen generierten Browsing-Aktivitäten stammen,
zu bestimmen, ob Datenverkehr durch betrügerische Praktiken oder durch andere Verkehrserfassungspraktiken erworben wird, die nicht den Vorgaben oder Präferenzen eines Kunden entsprechen,
Aufzeichnungen von IP-Adressen und User-Agent-Kennungen in Zusammenhang mit Betrugsprogrammen und nicht von Menschen generiertem Datenverkehr („Betrugstabellen“) anzulegen. Da solche Datenpunkte mit nicht-menschlichen Interaktionen assoziiert werden, stellen sie keine personenbezogenen Daten dar.
DoubleVerify verwendet für den Betrieb der Geo-Verifizierung die mithilfe der Lösungen erfassten, in Abschnitt 3.3 aufgeführten technischen Informationen und personenbezogenen Daten, um
auf höherer Ebene (Land, Bundesstaat, Region oder – bei Einwohnern der USA – Postleitzahl) den geografischen Aufenthaltsort des Endnutzers festzustellen und zu überprüfen, ob sich dieser innerhalb der Kampagnen- oder Verkehrseinstellungen des Kunden befindet.
Soweit DoubleVerify von einem seiner als „Walled Gardens“ arbeitenden Kunden aufgefordert wird, zusätzliche personenbezogene Daten zur Ermöglichung bestimmter Lösungen zu verarbeiten, verarbeitet DoubleVerify diese personenbezogenen Daten ausschließlich zum Zweck der Erfüllung seiner Verpflichtungen gegenüber dem Kunden und in strikter Übereinstimmung mit den Anweisungen des Kunden, die für den Betrieb, die Wartung und gegebenenfalls die Verbesserung der Lösungen erforderlich sind. Wenn Sie Fragen haben, empfehlen wir Ihnen, sich mit dem jeweiligen Kunden in Verbindung zu setzen oder die Datenschutzdokumentation zu lesen, die er auf seinen Webseiten zur Verfügung stellt.
5. Wie und an wen geben wir Daten weiter?
DoubleVerify gibt personenbezogene Daten nur dann an Dritte weiter, wenn dies für unsere Geschäftszwecke des Betriebs, der Pflege und der Verbesserung unserer Lösungen unbedingt erforderlich ist. Soweit wir personenbezogene Daten freiwillig weitergeben, stellen wir sicher, dass sie von den Empfängern in einer Weise geschützt werden, die mit unseren eigenen Richtlinien und Standards im Einklang steht.
Wir können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an folgenden Personenkreis weitergeben:
Dienstleister – Unternehmen, die wir mit der Ausführung von Dienstleistungen wie etwa IT- und Systemverwaltung, Infrastruktur- und Hosting-Dienstleistungen, Recherchen und Analysen, Support und Qualitätssicherung, Sicherheits- und anderen Dienstleistungen für uns zu den oben beschriebenen Zwecken und gemäß der oben beschriebenen Rechtsgrundlage beauftragt haben. Sie können eine Liste unserer Dienstleister anfordern und erfahren, welche personenbezogenen Daten und für welche Zwecke sie diese erhalten, indem Sie Kontakt mit uns aufnehmen. Die Kontaktinformationen finden Sie in Abschnitt 13 „
Kontaktaufnahme mit DoubleVerify
“ dieser Datenschutzerklärung für Lösungen.
Konzerngesellschaften – wie etwa Dachgesellschaften, Schwestergesellschaften, Tochtergesellschaften, Joint Ventures oder andere Unternehmen unter gemeinsamer Kontrolle, soweit dies für den Betrieb, die Pflege und die Verbesserung unserer Lösungen erforderlich ist. Sie können eine Liste unserer Konzerngesellschaften anfordern und erfahren, welche personenbezogenen Daten und für welche Zwecke sie diese erhalten, indem Sie Kontakt mit uns aufnehmen. Die Kontaktinformationen finden Sie in Abschnitt 13 „
Kontaktaufnahme mit
DoubleVerify“ dieser Datenschutzerklärung für Lösungen.
Von unseren Kunden beauftragte Drittanbieter – zur Unterstützung unserer Kunden können wir unsere Lösungen in andere Tools und Dienstleistungen integrieren, die von unseren Kunden beauftragt werden, um verbesserte Dienstleistungen und Berichtsfunktionen verfügbar zu machen. Unter keinen Umständen erhalten wir Daten aus diesen Integrationen, die es DoubleVerify ermöglichen, unsere Daten anzureichern und Endnutzer zu identifizieren. In begrenzten Szenarien können wir Informationen zu Anzeigenaufrufen an Unternehmen weitergeben, die von unseren Kunden damit beauftragt wurden, Recherchen bezüglich Marketing-Effektivität anzustellen. Unter begrenzten Umständen können unsere Kunden uns anweisen, bestimmte personenbezogene weiterzugeben, die erforderlich sind, um die Funktionalität eines Produkts oder einer Dienstleistung zu ermöglichen, die nicht von DoubleVerify verwaltet werden.
Dritte, die an einer Unternehmenstransaktion beteiligt sind – für den Fall, dass DoubleVerify von einem anderen Unternehmen erworben oder mit ihm fusioniert wird, oder im Fall einer Umstrukturierung, Auflösung oder anderen grundlegenden Änderung auf Unternehmensebene.
Wir können rechtlich verpflichtet sein, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten offenzulegen,
(a) Wenn ein Regierungsorgan, ein Gericht oder eine Strafverfolgungs- oder Aufsichtsbehörde eine solche Offenlegung verlangt (zum Beispiel im Rahmen einer laufenden Untersuchung, einer Vorladung oder eines vergleichbaren Rechtsverfahrens bzw. Prozesses);
(b) Sofern dies gemäß den geltenden Gesetzen, Vorschriften oder Regeln vorgesehen ist; und
(c) wenn wir in gutem Glauben der Auffassung sind, dass die jeweilige Offenlegung notwendig ist, um unsere eigenen Rechte oder die Rechte anderer zu schützen oder zu verteidigen, bei Ermittlungen Hilfestellung zu leisten oder illegale Aktivitäten zu verhindern.
Betrugstabellen und andere Berichte in Zusammenhang mit Betrugsbekämpfung, Datenfeeds, APIs und Dashboards, die keine personenbezogenen Daten enthalten, können an Kunden und andere Dritte wie beispielsweise Branchenorganisationen weitergegeben oder ihnen zugänglich gemacht werden, soweit DoubleVerify hierauf angewiesen ist, um seine Geschäftszwecke der Lieferung, Pflege und Verbesserung des Betrugsbekämpfungsteils unserer Lösungen zu erreichen und Anzeigenbetrug zu bekämpfen.
Wir geben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht an unsere Kunden weiter. Alle Berichte und Analysen, die wir Kunden über unser Portal für Rückmeldungen zugänglich machen, sind anonym, was bedeutet, dass sie keine personenbezogenen Daten enthalten. Die Berichte sind im Regelfall aggregiert; allerdings erhalten unsere Kunden in begrenzten Umständen Rückmeldungen zu Anzeigenaufrufen über FTP-Endpunkte oder APIs, wobei vorausgesetzt wird, dass diese Berichte keine personenbezogenen Daten aufweisen. Wir können anonyme technische Informationen in aggregierten Formaten oder in ihrer Rohform an Drittanbieter weitergeben, soweit wir dies für notwendig erachten, um unsere Geschäftszwecke der Lieferung, Pflege und Verbesserung der Lösungen zu erreichen. Darüber hinaus können wir anonyme oder deidentifizierte Daten in aggregierter Form im Rahmen unseres normalen Geschäftsbetriebs weitergeben; zum Beispiel, um Fallstudien und Berichte zu veröffentlichen, die Trends hinsichtlich der Vorteile und Leistungen unserer Lösungen aufzeigen sollen.
Zur Klarstellung sei angemerkt, dass DoubleVerify keine personenbezogenen Daten an Organisationen weitergibt, die nach Gesetzen wie etwa dem CCPA als „Unternehmen“ oder „Dritte“ tätig sind.
6. Wie lange bewahren wir personenbezogene Daten auf?
DoubleVerify bewahrt alle personenbezogenen Daten, die mithilfe seiner Lösungen verarbeitet werden, nur so lange auf, wie dies zur Erfüllung der in dieser Datenschutzerklärung für Lösungen dargelegten Zwecke erforderlich ist, und in keinem Fall länger als fünfundvierzig (45) Tage. Nach Ablauf dieses Zeitraums werden die personenbezogenen Daten in sicherer Form aus den Systemen von DoubleVerify entfernt.
Betrugstabellen können auf unbestimmte Zeit aufbewahrt werden, um die ordnungsgemäße Funktionsweise der Betrugsbekämpfungslösung zu gewährleisten.
Technische Informationen können, da sie anonymer Natur sind, von DoubleVerify auf unbestimmte Zeit oder so lange aufbewahrt werden, wie dies in anderen Richtlinien von DoubleVerify vorgesehen und nach maßgeblichen Gesetzen sowie DoubleVerifys Vereinbarungen mit seinen Kunden zulässig ist.
7. Wie werden personenbezogene Daten gesichert?
DoubleVerify unterhält angemessene technische, physische und organisatorische Maßnahmen, die personenbezogene Daten vor versehentlicher oder unrechtmäßiger Vernichtung oder versehentlichem Verlust, Beschädigung, Abänderung, unbefugter Offenlegung oder unbefugtem Zugriff sowie vor allen anderen Formen unrechtmäßiger Verarbeitung schützen sollen. Auch wenn wir allgemein anerkannte Standards und bewährte Verfahren zum Schutz personenbezogener Daten einhalten, ist keine Art der Speicherung oder Übermittlung zu 100 % sicher. Wir arbeiten jedoch ständig daran, unsere Sicherheitsvorkehrungen zu verbessern und Ihre personenbezogenen Daten sicher aufzubewahren.
8. Wie werden personenbezogene Daten ins Ausland übermittelt?
Bitte beachten Sie, dass die von uns erhobenen personenbezogenen Daten an Server oder Datenbanken außerhalb Ihres Bundesstaates, Ihrer Provinz, Ihres Landes oder anderen Rechtsraums übermittelt und dort gespeichert werden können. Während Ihre personenbezogenen Daten über ein lokales temporäres Rechenzentrum übermittelt werden können, um sicherzustellen, dass die Lösungen effizient und kundenorientiert sind, speichert DoubleVerify alle über die Lösungen erhobenen personenbezogenen Daten letztlich in den Vereinigten Staaten. Als globales Unternehmen verfügen wir über Niederlassungen in den USA, Großbritannien, Frankreich, Belgien, Finnland, Deutschland, Israel, Kanada, Mexiko, Brasilien, Japan, Indien, Singapur und Australien. Unsere Mitarbeiter an diesen Standorten sind möglicherweise darauf angewiesen, auf Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zuzugreifen, um unsere Lösungen zu unterstützen. Das an einigen dieser Standorte wie zum Beispiel in den Vereinigten Staaten herrschende Datenschutzniveau kann niedriger als dasjenige in der Europäischen Union oder anderen Ländern sein, die starke Datenschutzgesetze und -vorschriften erlassen haben.
Wir haben Maßnahmen ergriffen, um sicherzustellen, dass Ihre personenbezogenen Daten bei uns sicher gespeichert werden, die aufsichtsbehördlichen Datenschutz- und -sicherheitsanforderungen genügen, die für Unternehmen der Europäischen Union maßgeblich sind. Wir stellen ferner sicher, dass jeder andere Empfänger Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten ein ausreichendes Maß an Schutz und Sicherheit bietet, wie etwa durch den Abschluss entsprechender Back-to-Back-Vereinbarungen und nötigenfalls die Vereinbarung von Standardvertragsklauseln oder alternativen Mechanismen für die Übermittlung von Daten, wie sie von der Europäischen Kommission oder einer anderen zuständigen Aufsichtsbehörde genehmigt worden sind. Die in dieser Datenschutzerklärung erläuterten Datenschutzpraktiken von DoubleVerify entsprechen dem APEC-System von Regeln für grenzüberschreitenden Datenschutz (Cross Border Privacy Rules, CBPR) und dem System zur Anerkennung von Datenschutzmaßnahmen von Auftragsverarbeitern (Privacy Recognition for Processors, PRP). Das APEC-CBPR-System und das APEC-PRP-System bieten Rahmenbedingungen für Organisationen, um den Schutz personenbezogener Daten zu gewährleisten, die zwischen teilnehmenden APEC-Wirtschaftssystemen übermittelt werden. Weitere Informationen zu den APEC-Rahmenbedingungen finden Sie
hier
. Wenn Sie Fragen dazu haben, wo wir personenbezogene Daten speichern, können Sie uns wie in Abschnitt 13 „
Kontaktaufnahme mit DoubleVerify
“ dieser globalen Datenschutzerklärung beschrieben kontaktieren.
Darüber hinaus befolgen DoubleVerify Inc. und seine Tochtergesellschaft Outrigger Media, Inc., die unter der Firmenbezeichnung OpenSlate, Scibids Technology Inc., Zentrick Inc. agiert („DoubleVerify“), das EU-US-Datenschutzrahmenwerk (EU-US-DPF), die britische Erweiterung des EU-US-DPF und das Schweizer-US-Datenschutzrahmenwerk (Schweizer-US-DPF), wie vom US-Handelsministerium vorgesehen. DoubleVerify hat gegenüber dem US-Handelsministerium zertifiziert, dass es die Grundsätze des EU-US-Datenschutzrahmenwerks (EU-US-DPF-Grundsätze) in Bezug auf die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten einhält, die aus der Europäischen Union auf der Basis des EU-US-DPF und aus dem Vereinigten Königreich (und Gibraltar) im Rahmen der britischen Erweiterung des EU-US-DPF erhalten wurden. DoubleVerify hat gegenüber dem US-Handelsministerium zertifiziert, dass es die Grundsätze des Schweizer-US-Datenschutzrahmenwerks (Schweizer-US-DPF-Grundsätze) in Bezug auf die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten einhält, die aus der Schweiz auf der Basis des Schweizer-US-DPF erhalten wurden. Sollte ein Konflikt zwischen den Bedingungen dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie und den Grundsätzen des EU-US-DPF und/oder des Schweizer-US-DPF existieren, haben diese Grundsätze Vorrang. Um mehr über das Programm des Datenschutzrahmenwerks (DPF) zu erfahren und unsere Zertifizierung einzusehen, besuchen Sie bitte https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/.
DoubleVerify ist für die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten verantwortlich, die es im Rahmen des DPF erhält und anschließend an Dritte übermittelt, die in seinem Auftrag als Vertreter handeln.  DoubleVerify hält sich bei allen Weiterübermittlungen personenbezogener Daten aus der EU, dem Vereinigten Königreich und der Schweiz an die DPF-Grundsätze, einschließlich der Bestimmungen zur Haftung bei der Weiterübermittlung.
Die Bundeshandelskommission (Federal Trade Commission) beaufsichtigt DoubleVerifys Einhaltung des EU-US-DPF, der britischen Erweiterung des EU-US-DPF und des Schweizer-US-DPF. In bestimmten Situationen kann DoubleVerify verpflichtet sein, personenbezogene Daten als Reaktion auf rechtmäßige Anordnungen staatlicher Behörden offenzulegen, wie insbesondere zur Erfüllung von Auflagen der nationalen Sicherheit oder von Strafverfolgungsbehörden.
In Befolgung des EU-US-DPF, der britischen Erweiterung des EU-US-DPF und des Schweizer-US-DPF hat sich DoubleVerify verpflichtet, ungelöste Beschwerden bezüglich unseres Umgangs mit personenbezogenen Daten, die auf der Basis des EU-US-DPF, der britischen Erweiterung des EU-US-DPF und des Schweizer-US-DPF erhalten wurden, an TRUSTe, einen Anbieter alternativer Streitbeilegung mit Sitz in den USA, weiterzuleiten. Wenn Sie keine zeitnahe Empfangsbestätigung Ihrer Beschwerde im Zusammenhang mit DPF-Grundsätzen von uns erhalten oder wenn wir Ihre Beschwerde im Zusammenhang mit DPF-Grundsätzen nicht zu Ihrer Zufriedenheit bearbeitet haben, besuchen Sie bitte https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request, um weitere Informationen zu erhalten oder eine Beschwerde einzureichen. Diese Streitbeilegungsdienste werden Ihnen kostenlos angeboten.
Bei Beschwerden in Bezug auf DPF-Compliance, die nicht durch einen der anderen DPF-Mechanismen geklärt werden konnten, haben Sie unter bestimmten Bedingungen die Möglichkeit, ein verbindliches Schiedsverfahren anzurufen. Weitere Informationen finden Sie auf der offiziellen DPF-Website.
9. Welches sind Ihre Rechte?
Endnutzern in bestimmten Ländern können Rechte betroffener Personen zustehen, die es ihnen ermöglichen, Anträge in Bezug auf ihre personenbezogenen Daten zu stellen. Die meisten Länder gewähren Endnutzern außerdem das Recht, darüber informiert zu werden, wie personenbezogene Daten erfasst, verwendet und an wen sowie für welche Zwecke sie gegebenenfalls weitergegeben oder übermittelt wurden. DoubleVerifys Datenschutzerklärung für Lösungen zielt darauf ab, diese Anforderungen zu erfüllen; wenn Sie jedoch zusätzliche Fragen haben oder besser verstehen möchten, wie Ihre personenbezogenen Daten erfasst, verwendet oder an wen und warum sie möglicherweise weitergeleitet oder übermittelt worden sind, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte wie in Abschnitt 13 „
Kontaktaufnahme mit DoubleVerify
“ unten vorgesehen.
Einwohnern unter anderem des Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums, des Vereinigten Königreichs, der Schweiz oder Kaliforniens stehen eine Reihe von Rechten aus den maßgeblichen Datenschutzgesetzen und -vorschriften wie z. B. der DSGVO und dem CCPA zu. Um diese Rechte auszuüben, können Sie
dieses Formular
verwenden oder uns unter Verwendung der Angaben in Abschnitt 13 „
Kontaktaufnahme mit DoubleVerify
“ unten kontaktieren. Im Einklang mit bestimmten Gesetzen und Vorschriften wie etwa dem CCPA haben Sie außerdem die Möglichkeit, einen bevollmächtigten Vertreter zu benennen, um einen Antrag einzureichen oder ein Recht in Ihrem Namen auszuüben. Wir werden Sie wegen der Ausübung Ihrer Rechte nicht benachteiligen oder Vergeltungsmaßnahmen gegen Sie ergreifen.
Bei diesen Rechten handelt es sich um
das Recht auf Zugang zu jeglichen Sie betreffenden personenbezogenen Daten, die wir gegebenenfalls gespeichert haben, einschließlich Informationen über die Kategorien und die spezifischen Teile personenbezogener Daten,
das Recht, unrichtige Sie betreffende personenbezogene Daten, die wir gegebenenfalls gespeichert haben, zu berichtigen. Bitte denken Sie daran, dass es aufgrund der Art der von uns erhobenen personenbezogenen Daten und unseres Verfahrens der Erhebung höchst unwahrscheinlich ist, dass wir personenbezogene Daten aufbewahren, die unrichtig sind oder Umständen entsprechen, die eine Korrektur erfordern,
das Recht, zu verlangen, dass DoubleVerify jegliche Sie betreffenden personenbezogenen Daten, die wir gegebenenfalls gespeichert haben, löscht,
das Recht, zu verlangen, dass die Verarbeitung Sie betreffender personenbezogener Daten für einen bestimmten Zeitraum ausgesetzt oder eingeschränkt wird, z. B. solange Sie prüfen, ob Ihnen weitere Rechte zustehen, die Sie ausüben möchten,
das Recht, der Verarbeitung zu widersprechen, soweit Ihre personenbezogenen Daten auf der Grundlage eines berechtigten Interesses verarbeitet werden,
das Recht, Ihre Einwilligung über das Transparenz- und Einwilligungsregelwerk von IAB Europa zu widerrufen, falls Ihre personenbezogenen Daten auf der Grundlage Ihrer Einwilligung verarbeitet werden.
Wir erfüllen jegliche Anträge in Zusammenhang mit Endnutzern im größtmöglichen Umfang, sofern wir die Übereinstimmung des Endnutzers mit personenbezogenen Daten festgestellt haben, die in unseren Systemen gespeichert sind. Unter bestimmten Umständen können wir jedoch verpflichtet sein, Ihre Identität zu überprüfen, um Anträge zu bearbeiten. Um Ihre Identität zu überprüfen oder die Tragweite Ihres Antrags zu verstehen, müssen wir möglicherweise zusätzliche Informationen über Sie anfordern. Sie sind nicht verpflichtet, ein Konto bei uns zu einzurichten, damit Sie eine Anfrage stellen können oder Ihre Anfrage erfüllt wird. Sie haben uns eine E-Mail-Adresse für Zwecke unserer Kommunikation mit Ihnen und unserer Bearbeitung Ihres Antrags sowie alle Informationen zu übermitteln, die wir möglicherweise benötigen, um überprüfen zu können, ob wir Sie betreffende personenbezogene Daten gespeichert haben. Bitte beachten Sie, dass es Umstände geben kann, die es uns unmöglich machen, Ihrem Antrag stattzugeben; wenn dies der Fall ist, erläutern wir Ihnen jedoch die Gründe. Sollten sich keine Sie betreffenden personenbezogenen Daten in unserem Besitz befinden, lassen wir Sie dies wissen. Wir unternehmen alle Anstrengungen, auf alle Anfragen und Anträge so schnell wie vernünftigerweise möglich einzugehen, wir bitten jedoch um Ihr Verständnis, dass es bis zu dreißig (30) Tage dauern kann, bevor wir antworten.
Soweit DoubleVerify als „Auftragsverarbeiter“, „Auftragnehmer“ oder „Dienstleister“ im Sinne der Definitionen nach geltendem Recht fungiert, haben Sie Anträge auf Ausübung Ihrer Rechte gegebenenfalls an den jeweiligen zu Kunden richten, der als „Verantwortlicher“ oder „Unternehmen“ fungiert.
10.
Zusätzliche Angaben
Bestimmte Datenschutzgesetze und -vorschriften wie etwa das CCPA schreiben Unternehmen vor offenzulegen, ob sie personenbezogene Daten verkaufen. DoubleVerify gibt personenbezogene Daten in keiner Art und Weise weiter, die nach den Gesetzen von Kalifornien, Virginia, Nevada oder vergleichbaren Gesetzen einen „Verkauf“ oder eine „Weitergabe“ darstellen würde.
11. Verwendet DoubleVerify künstliche Intelligenz?
DoubleVerify verwendet künstliche Intelligenz („KI“) in verschiedenen Funktionen und auf verschiedene Weise im gesamten Unternehmen. Obwohl DoubleVerify KI-Technologien nutzt, erfolgt bei uns keine „automatisierte Entscheidungsfindung“ im Sinne der geltenden Datenschutzgesetze und -vorschriften.
12. Anwendbares Recht
Diese Datenschutzerklärung für Lösungen unterliegt, soweit anwendbar und nach den geltenden Gesetzen und Vorschriften zulässig, den internen Gesetzen des Bundesstaates Delaware, nach denen sie auch ausgelegt wird, und jegliche Streitigkeiten werden von den zuständigen Gerichten in Delaware entschieden.
13. Aktualisieren wir diese Datenschutzerklärung für Lösungen?
Wir können diese Datenschutzerklärung für Lösungen von Zeit zu Zeit aktualisieren, um Änderungen an unseren Lösungen, Vorgehensweisen und Richtlinien oder andere interne oder externe Änderungen widerzuspiegeln sowie neue gesetzliche Anforderungen zu erfüllen. Alle Änderungen werden veröffentlicht, sobald sie in Kraft treten. Wenn wir Aktualisierungen vornehmen, ändern wir das eingangs dieser Datenschutzerklärung für Lösungen aufgeführte „Datum des Inkrafttretens“, damit Sie leichter erkennen können, wann Änderungen vorgenommen wurden. Um über solche Aktualisierungen informiert zu bleiben, empfehlen wir Ihnen, diese Datenschutzerklärung für Lösungen regelmäßig durchzugehen. Bitte beachten Sie, dass jegliche Übersetzungen dieser Datenschutzerklärung für Lösungen ausschließlich dazu bestimmt sind, Ihren Zugriff auf diese Informationen zu erleichtern. Die englische Version ist die einzige offizielle Version dieser Datenschutzerklärung für Lösungen, weshalb etwaige Übersetzungsungenauigkeiten oder Diskrepanzen nicht bindend sind und im Hinblick auf Compliance- oder Durchsetzungszwecke keinerlei rechtliche Wirkung entfalten.
14. Wie Sie mit DoubleVerify Kontakt aufnehmen können
Wenn Sie Fragen, Bedenken oder Kommentare zu dieser Datenschutzerklärung für Lösungen haben oder der Ansicht sind, dass Ihre personenbezogenen Daten in einer Weise verwendet wurden, die nicht mit der Datenschutzerklärung oder Ihren Entscheidungen vereinbar ist, können Sie sich wie folgt an unser Datenschutzteam wenden:
Kontaktinformationen des Datenschutzbeauftragten (Datenschutzteam)
DoubleVerify Inc.
462 Broadway
New York, NY 10013
privacy-policy@doubleverify.com
Wenn Sie ein ungelöstes Anliegen bezüglich des Schutzes oder der Verwendung von Daten haben, auf das wir nicht in zufriedenstellender Form eingegangen sind, wenden Sie sich bitte an unseren in den USA ansässigen unabhängigen Anbieter für die Lösung von Streitigkeiten (kostenlos) unter
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
. Wir verpflichten uns, eine faire Lösung Ihrer etwaigen Beschwerden oder Bedenken in Zusammenhang mit dem Schutz Ihrer Daten oder dieser Datenschutzerklärung für Lösungen zu erreichen. Wenn Sie jedoch der Meinung sind, dass wir Ihnen nicht helfen konnten, gibt es keine Bestimmung in dieser Datenschutzerklärung für Lösungen, die Ihre Rechte aus maßgeblichen Gesetzen beschränkt oder dies versucht, einschließlich der je nach Ihrem Wohnsitzland für Sie bestehenden Möglichkeit, eine Beschwerde bei Ihrer lokalen Datenschutzbehörde oder einer anderen Stelle mit Zuständigkeit für datenschutzbezogene Angelegenheiten einzulegen.
Ημερομηνία έναρξης ισχύος: 28 Ιουνίου 2024
Επισκόπηση
Η DoubleVerify, Inc., μαζί με τις θυγατρικές της σε όλο τον κόσμο
(«DoubleVerify
», «
εμείς
», «
εμάς
» ή «
μας
») είναι ο ηγέτης του κλάδου στην παροχή διαφάνειας και ευθύνης στις διαδικτυακές διαφημίσεις. Η DoubleVerify χρησιμοποιεί διάφορες τεχνολογίες για τη συλλογή πληροφοριών σχετικά με διαδικτυακές διαφημίσεις, την κυκλοφορία σε ιστότοπους, την κυκλοφορία σε εφαρμογές κινητών συσκευών και την κυκλοφορία μεταξύ συνδεδεμένων συσκευών, ώστε να παρέχει διαφάνεια στη διαφήμιση και προϊόντα λογοδοσίας και λύσεις (συλλήβδην, «
Λύσεις
»). Η παρούσα δήλωση ιδιωτικού απορρήτου (η «
Δήλωση Ιδιωτικού Απορρήτου
Λύσεων
») εξηγεί ποιοι είμαστε, πώς συλλέγουμε, χρησιμοποιούμε και κοινοποιούμε προσωπικές πληροφορίες μέσω των Λύσεών μας, καθώς και πώς μπορείτε να ασκήσετε τα δικαιώματα ιδιωτικού απορρήτου σας.
Εάν θέλετε περισσότερες πληροφορίες σχετικά με τον τρόπο με τον οποίο η DoubleVerify επεξεργάζεται Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες που συλλέγονται στους δημόσια προσβάσιμους ιστότοπούς μας, επισκεφθείτε τους
Ιστότοπούς μας και τη Δήλωση Ιδιωτικού Απορρήτου Μάρκετινγκ
.
Εάν χρησιμοποιείτε τις Λύσεις της DoubleVerify και θέλετε περισσότερες πληροφορίες σχετικά με το πώς η DoubleVerify επεξεργάζεται τις Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες που συλλέγονται μέσω των εργαλείων αναφοράς μας, επισκεφθείτε τη
Δήλωση Ιδιωτικού Απορρήτου Εργαλείων Αναφορών
.
Άμεσοι σύνδεσμοι
Σας συνιστούμε να διαβάσετε την παρούσα Δήλωση Ιδιωτικού Απορρήτου Λύσεων στο σύνολό της για να βεβαιωθείτε ότι είστε πλήρως ενημερωμένοι. Ωστόσο, για να σας διευκολύνουμε να βρείτε και να εξετάσετε συγκεκριμένα μέρη της παρούσας Δήλωσης Ιδιωτικού Απορρήτου Λύσεων, την χωρίσαμε στις εξής ενότητες:
Ποια είναι η DoubleVerify;
Ποιος είναι ο ρόλος, οι στόχοι και η νομική βάση της επεξεργασίας;
Ποια δεδομένα συλλέγουμε και για ποιους σκοπούς;
Πώς χρησιμοποιούμε τα δεδομένα που συλλέγουμε;
Πώς και σε ποιον γνωστοποιούμε δεδομένα;
Για πόσο χρονικό διάστημα διατηρούμε Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες;
Πώς προστατεύονται οι Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες;
Πώς διαβιβάζονται διεθνώς οι Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες;
Ποια είναι τα δικαιώματά σας;
Πρόσθετες γνωστοποιήσεις
Χρησιμοποιεί η DoubleVerify Τεχνητή Νοημοσύνη;
Διέπον δίκαιο
Ενημερώνουμε την παρούσα Δήλωση Ιδιωτικού Απορρήτου Λύσεων;
Πώς μπορείτε να επικοινωνήσετε με την DoubleVerify;
1. Ποια είναι η DoubleVerify;
Οι διαπιστευμένες πλατφόρμες της DoubleVerify παρέχουν ανεξάρτητη μέτρηση ψηφιακών μέσων, δεδομένα και αναλυτικά στοιχεία σχετικά με την εντύπωση παράδοσης διαφημίσεων (ή «ad») και κυκλοφορίας σε έναν ιστότοπο, για να βοηθήσουν τους διαφημιστές, τα πρακτορεία και τους πωλητές διαφημιστικών αποθεμάτων (συλλήβδην, «
Πελάτες
») να επιβεβαιώσουν τα ακριβή χαρακτηριστικά παράδοσης, συμπεριλαμβανομένης της ασφάλειας της επωνυμίας, τις μετρήσεις θέασης, τις παραμέτρους συμφραζόμενων και περιβάλλοντος (για παράδειγμα, τον ιστότοπο όπου εμφανίζεται μια διαφήμιση, και πού εμφανίζεται στην ιστοσελίδα), την εντύπωση των διαφημίσεων και τα χαρακτηριστικά ποιότητας της διαδικτυακής κυκλοφορίας και παρέχουν γνώσεις που επιτρέπουν στους πελάτες μας να λαμβάνουν τεκμηριωμένες αποφάσεις σχετικά με την τοποθέτηση του δημιουργικού περιεχομένου και της επωνυμίας τους.
Πιστεύουμε στην παροχή ισχυρής προστασίας του ιδιωτικού απορρήτου σε οποιοδήποτε άτομο του οποίου τις πληροφορίες ενδέχεται να επεξεργαζόμαστε υπό οποιαδήποτε ιδιότητα – επειδή πιστεύουμε ότι το ιδιωτικό απόρρητο είναι θεμελιώδες δικαίωμα, όχι κάτι που θα πρέπει να εξαρτάται από το πού ζείτε. Για να ανταποκριθούμε σε αυτήν την αρχή, αντιμετωπίζουμε οποιαδήποτε δεδομένα που σχετίζονται ή συνδέονται με ένα ταυτοποιημένο ή ταυτοποιήσιμο άτομο ως «Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες», ανεξάρτητα από την τοποθεσία του εν λόγω ατόμου. Όσον αφορά στις Λύσεις μας, η DoubleVerify περιορίζει οποιεσδήποτε πληροφορίες που συλλέγουμε σε πληροφορίες που δεν επιτρέπουν την ταυτοποίηση ενός ατόμου χωρίς πρόσθετες πληροφορίες. Για παράδειγμα, η DoubleVerify επεξεργάζεται τη διεύθυνση διαδικτυακού πρωτοκόλλου σας («IP»), η οποία είναι ένας αριθμός που εκχωρείται αυτόματα σε έναν υπολογιστή όταν χρησιμοποιείται το διαδίκτυο. Αν και η DoubleVerify αντιμετωπίζει τις εν λόγω πληροφορίες ως Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες, σύμφωνα με τις βέλτιστες πρακτικές και τους ισχύοντες νόμους, δεν συνδυάζουμε ποτέ αυτές τις πληροφορίες με οποιαδήποτε άλλα δεδομένα που θα μας επιτρέψουν να προσδιορίσουμε το άτομο με το οποίο σχετίζονται.
Η παρούσα Δήλωση Ιδιωτικού Απορρήτου Λύσεων έχει σκοπό να ενημερώσει τα άτομα των οποίων τα δεδομένα μπορούν να υποβληθούν σε επεξεργασία μέσω των Λύσεών μας («
Τελικοί Χρήστες
» ή «
εσείς
» και «
σας
»): (1) για τους τύπους πληροφοριών που μπορεί να συλλέξει η DoubleVerify για εσάς ή τη συσκευή σας όταν μια διαφήμιση που αναλύεται από εμάς παραδίδεται σε εσάς σε έναν ιστότοπο που βλέπετε ή σε μια εφαρμογή που χρησιμοποιείτε, (2) για τις πρακτικές ιδιωτικού απορρήτου μας, πώς μπορούμε να χρησιμοποιήσουμε, κοινοποιήσουμε και κατά τα άλλα επεξεργαστούμε πληροφορίες που θεωρούνται Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες και (3) ποια είναι τα δικαιώματά σας σχετικά με τις εν λόγω Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες. Η παρούσα Δήλωση Ιδιωτικού Απορρήτου Λύσεων εξηγεί επίσης ποιες μη προσωπικές πληροφορίες («
Τεχνικές Πληροφορίες
») συλλέγουμε σχετικά με τις διαφημίσεις που παρακολουθούμε και πώς χρησιμοποιούμε αυτές τις Τεχνικές Πληροφορίες για να ενεργοποιήσουμε τις Λύσεις μας.
2. Ποιος είναι ο ρόλος, οι στόχοι και η νομική βάση της επεξεργασίας;
Οι Λύσεις για εντοπισμό και εξάλειψη της απάτης από την DoubleVerify («
Εξάλειψη Απάτης
» – «
Fraud Elimination
») και η συμμόρφωση γεωγραφικής επαλήθευσης («
Γεωγραφική Επαλήθευση
» – «
Geo Verification
»), απαιτούν την επεξεργασία Προσωπικών Πληροφοριών. Εκτός από τις περιορισμένες περιπτώσεις που περιγράφονται παρακάτω, όσον αφορά στους νόμους και κανονισμούς όπως ο Γενικός Κανονισμός για την Προστασία Δεδομένων («
ΓΚΠΔ»),
η DoubleVerify λειτουργεί την Εξάλειψη Απάτης ως «υπεύθυνος επεξεργασίας» και τη Γεωγραφική Επαλήθευση ως «εκτελών την επεξεργασία». Όσον αφορά στο Νόμο περί Ιδιωτικού Απορρήτου Καταναλωτών της Καλιφόρνια («
CCPA
») και άλλα κανονιστικά πλαίσια πολιτειών των ΗΠΑ, ο χαρακτηρισμός μας ενδέχεται να διαφέρει ανάλογα με τη συγκεκριμένη σχέση με κάθε Πελάτη. Επειδή οι Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες που επεξεργαζόμαστε συλλέγονται από την τεχνολογία μας και «διατίθενται» σε εμάς από τους Πελάτες μας, λειτουργούμε γενικά ως «εργολάβος» σύμφωνα με τον CCPA ή ως «εκτελών την επεξεργασία» σύμφωνα με άλλους πολιτειακούς νόμους και κανονιστικά πλαίσια των ΗΠΑ.  Με την επιφύλαξη των ανωτέρω, σε περιορισμένες περιπτώσεις όπου οι Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες κοινοποιούνται στην DoubleVerify μέσω προσαρμοσμένων ενοποιήσεων και άλλων μη τυπικών μέσων, για παράδειγμα όταν αυτές οι Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες συλλέγονται και παρέχονται από έναν Πελάτη για ανάλυση της DoubleVerify, μπορεί να θεωρηθούμε «εκτελών την επεξεργασία\» ή «πάροχος υπηρεσιών» σύμφωνα με τον CCPA.  Αυτό το σενάριο είναι πιο κοινό στις συνεργασίες μας με πελάτες στα μέσα κοινωνικής δικτύωσης και άλλους πελάτες που λειτουργούν ιδιοκτησιακά περιβάλλοντα, που συχνά αναφέρονται ως «walled gardens».
Εκτός από την Εξάλειψη Απάτης, συμπεριλαμβανομένων εκείνων που απαιτούνται για την πιστοποίηση εντυπώσεων σύμφωνα με τις τυπικές πρακτικές του κλάδου (π.χ. κατευθυντήριες γραμμές του Συμβουλίου Βαθμολογήσεων Μέσων) και τη Γεωγραφική Επαλήθευση, οι άλλες Λύσεις της DoubleVerify (όπως η δυνατότητα προβολής, η ασφάλεια της επωνυμίας και η καταλληλότητα) δεν απαιτούν γενικά την επεξεργασία Προσωπικών Πληροφοριών. Ωστόσο, υπάρχουν περιστάσεις, όπως περιπτώσεις όπου μπορεί να παρέχουμε τέτοιες Λύσεις σε Πελάτες που λειτουργούν «walled gardens», όπου αυτοί οι Πελάτες, στο ρόλο τους ως υπεύθυνοι επεξεργασίας, μπορεί να απαιτούν από την DoubleVerify να επεξεργαστεί πρόσθετες Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες Τελικών Χρηστών ή ατόμων που δημιουργούν λογαριασμούς και περιεχόμενο στο περιβάλλον του Πελάτη. Σε κάθε τέτοιο σενάριο, ο καθορισμός ως προς το ποια Δεδομένα Προσωπικού Χαρακτήρα υποβάλλονται σε επεξεργασία από τους Πελάτες, οι οποίοι, στο ρόλο των υπεύθυνων επεξεργασίας, καθορίζουν επίσης, κατά την απόλυτη διακριτική τους ευχέρεια, τη νομική βάση της επεξεργασίας αυτών των Προσωπικών Πληροφοριών. Για περισσότερες πληροφορίες σχετικά με τις πρακτικές ιδιωτικού απορρήτου αυτών των Πελατών, τις Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες που υποβάλλονται σε επεξεργασία και την ισχύουσα νομική βάση επεξεργασίας, θα πρέπει να εξετάσετε τη σχετική και εφαρμοστέα δήλωση ή δηλώσεις ιδιωτικού απορρήτου κάθε Πελάτη. Εάν επικοινωνήσετε με την DoubleVerify για να ρωτήσετε σχετικά με αυτά τα προγράμματα, μπορούμε να σας παρέχουμε ορισμένες βασικές πληροφορίες σχετικά με την εργασία που κάνουμε για αυτούς τους Πελάτες, αλλά θα σας προτείνουμε να επικοινωνήσετε με τον εκάστοτε μεμονωμένο Πελάτη ή να ελέγξετε την τεκμηρίωση ιδιωτικού απορρήτου που διαθέτει στις εγκαταστάσεις του.
Όσον αφορά σε νόμους όπως ο ΓΚΠΔ, η νομική βάση της DoubleVerify για την επεξεργασία Προσωπικών Πληροφοριών μέσω των Λύσεών μας είναι το έννομο συμφέρον: (i) των Πελατών μας για να αποφεύγουν την απάτη που σχετίζεται με διαφημίσεις και να παρουσιάζουν γεωγραφικά ακριβείς και συμμορφούμενες πληροφορίες στους Τελικούς Χρήστες, (ii) τους Τελικούς Χρήστες που λαμβάνουν ακριβείς και γεωγραφικά συμμορφούμενες πληροφορίες χωρίς απάτη και (iii) το ευρύ κοινό στη συνεχή διαθεσιμότητα ενός ελεύθερου διαδικτύου.
Η DoubleVerify συμμετέχει στο Πλαίσιο Διαφάνειας και Συγκατάθεσης του IAB (TCFv2.2 – Αναγνωριστικό Προμηθευτή 126) και χρησιμοποιούμε το έννομο συμφέρον ως βάση για τη συλλογή δεδομένων για τους ακόλουθους σκοπούς:
Διασφάλιση της ασφάλειας, πρόληψη και εντοπισμός απάτης και διόρθωση σφαλμάτων (Ειδικός Σκοπός 1)
Παράδοση και παρουσίαση διαφημίσεων και περιεχομένου (Ειδικός σκοπός 2)
Αποθήκευση και κοινοποίηση επιλογών ιδιωτικού απορρήτου (Ειδικός Σκοπός 3)
Μέτρηση απόδοσης διαφημίσεων (Σκοπός 7)
Ανάπτυξη και βελτίωση υπηρεσιών (Σκοπός 10)
Σε περιορισμένα σενάρια, το νομικό πρόσωπο με την ευθύνη για το Πλαίσιο Διαφάνειας και Συγκατάθεσης του IAB Europe σχετικά με την εγκατάσταση όπου λειτουργεί η DoubleVerify Solutions μπορεί να καταστήσει τη Γεωγραφική Επαλήθευση υποκείμενη σε συγκατάθεση. Σε αυτές τις πολύ περιορισμένες περιπτώσεις, η συγκατάθεση θα ισχύει για:
Χρήση περιορισμένων δεδομένων για την επιλογή διαφημίσεων (Σκοπός 2)
Μέτρηση απόδοσης διαφημίσεων (Σκοπός 7)
Ανάπτυξη και βελτίωση υπηρεσιών (Σκοπός 10)
3. Ποια δεδομένα συλλέγουμε και για ποιους σκοπούς;
Η DoubleVerify, για την εκτέλεση των επιχειρηματικών της σκοπών παροχής, διατήρησης και βελτίωσης των Λύσεων της, συλλέγει και χρησιμοποιεί ορισμένες κατηγορίες Προσωπικών Πληροφοριών και Τεχνικών Πληροφοριών. Οι κατηγορίες Προσωπικών Πληροφοριών και Τεχνικών Πληροφοριών που υποβάλλονται σε επεξεργασία μέσω των Λύσεων της DoubleVerify περιγράφονται παρακάτω. Στο βαθμό που απαιτούνται Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες για τη λειτουργία ενός ή περισσότερων χαρακτηριστικών μιας Λύσης της DoubleVerify, αυτές οι Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες θα χρησιμοποιούνται μόνο για τους συγκεκριμένους σκοπούς που περιγράφονται παρακάτω, εκτός εάν απαιτείται διαφορετικά από το νόμο. Επιπλέον, σε ορισμένες περιπτώσεις, μπορεί να είναι απαραίτητη η επεξεργασία των Προσωπικών Πληροφοριών σε συνδυασμό με ορισμένες Τεχνικές Πληροφορίες για την κατάλληλη λειτουργία των Λύσεων της DoubleVerify. Σε οποιαδήποτε τέτοια σενάρια, τα συνδυασμένα δεδομένα θεωρούνται Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες και προστατεύονται αναλόγως. Δεν συνδυάζουμε, αναλύουμε ή εμπλουτίζουμε ποτέ τις Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες και τις Τεχνικές Πληροφορίες που επεξεργαζόμαστε με πρόσθετες πληροφορίες με στόχο την αναγνώριση των Τελικών Χρηστών. Δεν παρακολουθούμε ποτέ εσάς ή τις διαδικτυακές δραστηριότητές σας σε εφαρμογές και ιστότοπους ή με την πάροδο του χρόνου, δεν βασιζόμαστε σε επίμονες τεχνολογίες, όπως cookies τρίτων μερών και δεν δημιουργούμε ποτέ προφίλ ή ομάδες κοινού για να στοχεύσουμε άτομα.
Κατηγορίες Τεχνικών Πληροφοριών που συλλέγονται και χρησιμοποιούνται για την λειτουργία των Λύσεων της DoubleVerify:
Χαρακτηριστικά διαφημιστικής καμπάνιας – Το αναγνωριστικό του διαφημιστή που παραδίδει μια διαφήμιση, τα αναγνωριστικά εκστρατείας και τοποθέτησης, τα αναγνωριστικά της ιδιοκτησίας των μέσων που πωλούν το απόθεμα στον διαφημιστή ή σε οποιαδήποτε ενδιάμεση διαφημιστική πλατφόρμα, συλλέγονται και υποβάλλονται σε επεξεργασία για την αναγνώριση του Πελάτη που εξυπηρετείται, για την εφαρμογή των σωστών ρυθμίσεων για τον Πελάτη, την ομαδοποίηση των αναφορών του Πελάτη σύμφωνα με αυτά τα αναγνωριστικά και για τη χρέωση του Πελάτη.
Χαρακτηριστικά διαδικτυακού περιεχομένου – Η διαδικτυακή διεύθυνση (URL) της σελίδας/πλαίσιο όπου παραδίδεται η διαφήμιση και η διεύθυνση των σχετικών σελίδων/πλαισίων συλλέγονται για να διασφαλιστεί ότι οι διαφημίσεις παραδίδονται στο σωστό πλαίσιο στο οποίο έχει ορίσει ο Πελάτης στις ρυθμίσεις προφίλ του συστήματός μας.
Χαρακτηριστικά εφαρμογών για κινητές συσκευές – Το όνομα της εφαρμογής για κινητές συσκευές, το αναγνωριστικό της εφαρμογής για κινητές συσκευές, το κατάστημα εφαρμογών, ο προγραμματιστής της εφαρμογής, οι αξιολογήσεις της εφαρμογής, η αξιολόγηση ηλικίας της εφαρμογής και άλλες διαθέσιμες πληροφορίες σχετικά με την εφαρμογή για κινητές συσκευές, όπου παραδίδεται η διαφήμιση. Αυτές οι πληροφορίες χρησιμοποιούνται για να διασφαλιστεί ότι οι διαφημίσεις παραδίδονται στο σωστό πλαίσιο που έχει ορίσει ο Πελάτης στις ρυθμίσεις προφίλ στο σύστημά μας.
Χαρακτηριστικά ψηφιακού περιβάλλοντος – Ο τύπος της συνδεδεμένης συσκευής που παραδίδεται η διαφήμιση σε: κινητό, επιτραπέζιο υπολογιστή, συνδεδεμένη τηλεόραση ή άλλη συσκευή, ο τύπος και η έκδοση του προγράμματος περιήγησης που χρησιμοποιούνται για την εμφάνιση της σελίδας όπου εμφανίζεται η διαφήμιση και το λειτουργικό σύστημα συλλέγονται, για να καθοριστεί ποια έκδοση του κώδικά μας θα λειτουργούσε σωστά σε αυτό το περιβάλλον και για να μετρηθεί αν η διαφήμιση είχε την ευκαιρία να προβληθεί στην οθόνη σύμφωνα με τα πρότυπα του κλάδου που διαφέρουν μεταξύ περιβαλλόντων.
Χαρακτηριστικά δυνατότητας προβολής – Η θέση της διαφήμισης στη σελίδα, το μέγεθος της διαφήμισης, το μέγεθος της οθόνης, το μέγεθος του παραθύρου προβολής, η κατάσταση εστίασης της καρτέλας, η κατάσταση εστίασης του προγράμματος περιήγησης, η χρονική διάρκεια κατά την οποία η διαφήμιση ήταν στο ορατό μέρος της ιστοσελίδας και η θέση κύλισης της ιστοσελίδας συλλέγονται για να προσδιορίσουν και να αναφέρουν στους πελάτες μας εάν η διαφήμιση είχε την ευκαιρία να προβληθεί στην οθόνη.
Χαρακτηριστικά έκθεσης και εμπλοκής – Συλλέγονται δεδομένα που δείχνουν εάν η διαφήμιση είχε δεχτεί κλικ, έχει σαρωθεί, αγγιχθεί, πατηθεί, αλλάξει μέγεθος, παραλειφθεί, απενεργοποιηθεί, τεθεί σε παύση, περιστραφεί, αιωρηθεί ή έχει αλλάξει η έντασή της, για να βοηθήσουμε τους πελάτες μας να μετρήσουν την απόδοση της διαφήμισης, της διαφημιστικής εκστρατείας ή της ιδιοκτησίας του μέσου.
Κατηγορίες δεδομένων που συλλέγονται και χρησιμοποιούνται για την Εξάλειψη Απάτης:
Η ψευδωνυμοποιημένη ηλεκτρονική παρουσία και τα αναγνωριστικά συσκευών – δηλαδή η διεύθυνση IP, η συμβολοσειρά παράγοντα χρήστη ή τα παράγωγα αυτών των δύο τιμών – χρησιμοποιούνται για να αξιολογηθεί εάν η διαδικτυακή παρουσία ή η συσκευή συμμετέχει σε ή σχετίζεται με ένα δόλιο σχήμα.
Κατηγορίες δεδομένων που συλλέγονται και χρησιμοποιούνται για την ενεργοποίηση της Geo Verification:
Η ψευδονυμοποιημένη ηλεκτρονική παρουσία και τα αναγνωριστικά συσκευών – διεύθυνση IP – συλλέγονται για να προσδιοριστεί η γεωγραφική θέση με την οποία σχετίζονται. Κάθε IP σχετίζεται με μια χώρα και εντός των Ηνωμένων Πολιτειών, μπορεί να σχετίζεται με πιο συγκεκριμένες πληροφορίες έως και στο επίπεδο του ταχυδρομικού κώδικα. Δεν συλλέγονται ποτέ οι πληροφορίες ακριβούς γεωγραφικής θέσης σας.
Σε περιορισμένες περιπτώσεις, ορισμένοι Πελάτες μπορεί να απαιτήσουν από την DoubleVerify, για παράδειγμα Πελάτες που λειτουργούν ως «walled garden(s)», να επεξεργαστεί πρόσθετες Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες, ώστε να είναι δυνατή η παροχή των Λύσεών της. Αυτές οι πρόσθετες Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες μπορεί να σχετίζονται με Τελικούς Χρήστες, με άτομα που δημιουργούν λογαριασμούς σε τέτοιους «walled gardens» ή άτομα που δημιουργούν περιεχόμενο που δημοσιεύεται σε τέτοιου είδους περιβάλλοντα «walled gardens». Στο βαθμό που απαιτείται από την DoubleVerify, από έναν από τους Πελάτες της που λειτουργεί ως «walled gardens», να επεξεργαστεί πρόσθετες Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες, ώστε να είναι δυνατή η λειτουργία ορισμένων Λύσεων, η DoubleVerify θα επεξεργαστεί τις εν λόγω Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες αποκλειστικά για το σκοπό εκπλήρωσης των υποχρεώσεών της στον Πελάτη και αυστηρά σύμφωνα με τις οδηγίες του Πελάτη, όπως απαιτείται για τη λειτουργία, συντήρηση και, κατά περίπτωση, βελτίωση των Λύσεων. Συνεργαζόμαστε επιμελώς με αυτούς τους Πελάτες για να διασφαλίσουμε ότι οι Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες που υποβάλλονται σε επεξεργασία περιορίζονται μόνο στις Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες που είναι απαραίτητες για την επίτευξη αυτών των σκοπών. Σε περιορισμένες περιπτώσεις, η αλληλεπίδρασή μας με «walled gardens» μπορεί να οδηγήσει σε τυχαία λήψη Προσωπικών Πληροφοριών. Η DoubleVerify εργάζεται επιμελώς για την παρακολούθηση οποιωνδήποτε τέτοιων περιπτώσεων, για να διασφαλίσει ότι οι εν λόγω Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες δεν υποβάλλονται σε επεξεργασία μετά τη λήψη, εκτός για λόγους ασφαλούς διαγραφής τους από τα συστήματά μας. Επειδή σε αυτά τα σενάρια οι συγκεκριμένες κατηγορίες Προσωπικών Πληροφοριών εξαρτώνται από την προσαρμοσμένη ενσωμάτωση και τις αποφάσεις του Πελάτη και διαφέρουν από Πελάτη σε Πελάτη, εάν έχετε περαιτέρω ερωτήσεις, σας συνιστούμε να επικοινωνήσετε με τον εκάστοτε μεμονωμένο Πελάτη ή να εξετάσετε τα έγγραφα ιδιωτικού απορρήτου που διαθέτει στις εγκαταστάσεις του.
Οι Λύσεις δεν προορίζονται για ή κατευθύνονται στην επεξεργασία των Προσωπικών Πληροφοριών παιδιών. Δεν συλλέγουμε εν γνώσει μας Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες από παιδιά, όπως αυτός ο όρος ορίζεται από τους ισχύοντες νόμους κατά καιρούς. Εάν είστε γονέας ή κηδεμόνας και πιστεύετε ότι οι Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες του παιδιού σας μπορεί να έχουν υποβληθεί σε επεξεργασία μέσω των Λύσεων, επικοινωνήστε μαζί μας χρησιμοποιώντας τις πληροφορίες στην Ενότητα 13 «
Πώς να επικοινωνήσετε με την DoubleVerify
» παρακάτω και θα λάβουμε μέτρα για την ασφαλή διαγραφή των Προσωπικών Πληροφοριών από τα συστήματά μας.
4. Πώς χρησιμοποιούμε τα δεδομένα που συλλέγουμε;
Η DoubleVerify χρησιμοποιεί μόνο τις Τεχνικές Πληροφορίες και τις Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες που συλλέγονται για τους σκοπούς που περιγράφονται στην Ενότητα 3, «
Ποια δεδομένα συλλέγουμε και για ποιους σκοπούς
;» της παρούσας Δήλωσης Ιδιωτικού Απορρήτου Λύσεων. Γενικά, οι Τεχνικές Πληροφορίες και οι Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες σας υποβάλλονται σε επεξεργασία για την παροχή αναφορών, πινάκων ελέγχου, σχολίων και πληροφοριών («
Αναφορά
») στους Πελάτες μας. Η Αναφορά DV, σε οποιαδήποτε μορφή, είναι ανωνυμοποιημένη και συγκεντρωτική ή στο βαθμό που απαιτούνται πληροφορίες επιπέδου εντύπωσης, κάθε εντύπωση είναι αποχαρακτηρισμένη για να διασφαλιστεί ότι οι Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες σας δεν κοινοποιούνται ποτέ στους Πελάτες. Παρά τα παραπάνω, οι αναφορές που έχουν δημιουργηθεί για πελάτες που λειτουργούν ως «walled gardens» (για παράδειγμα, εταιρείες μέσων κοινωνικής δικτύωσης) και άλλους πελάτες που βασίζονται σε αυτές τις αναφορές (για παράδειγμα, εταιρείες που διαφημίζονται σε τροφοδοσίες μέσων κοινωνικής δικτύωσης) μπορεί να περιλαμβάνουν πληροφορίες ατόμων που δημιουργούν λογαριασμούς σε τέτοιους «walled gardens» ή σε άτομα που δημιουργούν περιεχόμενο που δημοσιεύεται σε περιβάλλοντα τύπου «walled gardens». Αυτή η Ενότητα παρέχει πρόσθετες πληροφορίες σχετικά με τον τρόπο επεξεργασίας των Τεχνικών Πληροφοριών και των Προσωπικών σας Πληροφοριών για την επίτευξη των επιχειρηματικών σκοπών που καθορίζονται στην Ενότητα 3 της παρούσας Δήλωσης Ιδιωτικού Απορρήτου Λύσεων.
Η DoubleVerify χρησιμοποιεί τις Τεχνικές Πληροφορίες που συλλέγονται μέσω των Λύσεων, όπως καθορίζεται στην Ενότητα 3.1, με τους ακόλουθους τρόπους:
Για την ανάλυση και αναφορά του πλαισίου στο οποίο προβάλλονται οι διαφημίσεις, της ποιότητας, της αυθεντικότητας και της απόδοσής τους. Συγκεκριμένα, οι πληροφορίες που καθορίζουν εάν μια διαφήμιση που προβάλλεται συμμορφώνεται με τις προκαθορισμένες νομικές απαιτήσεις και απαιτήσεις τοποθέτησης ενός Πελάτη, καθώς και με τις ρυθμίσεις προτιμήσεων που έχει καθορίσει ο Πελάτης στο σύστημά μας.
Για την παροχή γνώσεων και την προληπτική λήψη αποφάσεων για ευκαιρίες εντύπωσης. Η τεχνολογία της DoubleVerify αναλύει τα χαρακτηριστικά των δεδομένων μιας ευκαιρίας εντύπωσης και καθορίζει εάν η διαφήμιση του Πελάτη θα πρέπει να εμφανίζεται ή όχι, για παράδειγμα, καθορίζοντας ότι το περιεχόμενο δεν ευθυγραμμίζεται με την επωνυμία και τις προτιμήσεις του Πελάτη.
Η DoubleVerify, για την λειτουργία της Εξάλειψης Απάτης, χρησιμοποιεί τις Τεχνικές Πληροφορίες και τις Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες που συλλέγονται μέσω των Λύσεων, όπως ορίζεται στις Ενότητες 3.1 και 3.2, με σκοπό:
Την εξέταση και τον εντοπισμό συγκεκριμένων εντυπώσεων διαφημίσεων που είναι δόλιες λόγω της παραγωγής τους από ελεγχόμενα από ρομπότ (bot), μη ανθρώπινα προγράμματα περιήγησης.
Για την αξιολόγηση και τον προσδιορισμό μη έγκυρης κυκλοφορίας, όπως η κυκλοφορία που παράγεται από τους διαφημιστικούς προωθητές (injectors), κυκλοφορίας που προέρχεται από κέντρα δεδομένων, παραπλανητικά παρουσιαζόμενης κυκλοφορίας, εξομοίωσης κυκλοφορίας και άλλων τύπων μη έγκυρης κυκλοφορίας.
Για την ανάλυση και την ταυτοποίηση ιστότοπων, εφαρμογών για κινητές και συνδεδεμένες συσκευές και Ιδιότητες πολυμέσων που έχουν δόλια παρουσιαζόμενη κυκλοφορία ή/και τη δημιουργία πλαστών διαφημιστικών εντυπώσεων.
Για τον εντοπισμό μοτίβων κίνησης σε όλους τους ιστότοπους που συμμετέχουν σε δόλια παρουσιαζόμενη διαφημιστική δραστηριότητα.
Για τη διαφοροποίηση μεταξύ της κυκλοφορίας που δημιουργείται από προγράμματα περιήγησης που ελέγχονται από ρομπότ (bot) και από ανθρώπινα προγράμματα περιήγησης.
Για να προσδιορίσουμε αν οι διαφημίσεις που αναλύονται τηρούν τις ισχύουσες νομικές απαιτήσεις και προτιμήσεις που ορίζονται από τους Πελάτες μας.
Για να προσδιορίσουμε εάν ένα ενδιάμεσο λογισμικό επιχειρεί να παραποιήσει τα λειτουργικά χαρακτηριστικά του για να αποτρέψει την αναγνώριση απάτης ή άλλης μη έγκυρης κυκλοφορίας.
Για να προσδιορίσουμε εάν η κυκλοφορία του ιστότοπου ή οι εντυπώσεις διαφημίσεων προέρχονται από ένα «φάρμα διακομιστών» (server farm) και όχι από ανθρώπινη δραστηριότητα περιήγησης.
Για να προσδιορίσουμε αν η κυκλοφορία αποκτάται μέσω δόλιων πρακτικών ή μέσω άλλων πρακτικών εξασφάλισης κυκλοφορίας που δεν συμμορφώνεται με τις οδηγίες ή τις προτιμήσεις του Πελάτη.
Για τη δημιουργία εγγραφών διευθύνσεων IP και συμβολοσειρών πράκτορα χρηστών (user agent) που σχετίζονται με δόλια σχήματα και μη παραγόμενη από ανθρώπους κυκλοφορία («Πίνακες απάτης»). Επειδή αυτά τα σημεία δεδομένων σχετίζονται με μη ανθρώπινες αλληλεπιδράσεις, δεν αποτελούν Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες.
Η DoubleVerify, για την λειτουργία της Γεωγραφικής Επαλήθευσης, χρησιμοποιεί τις Τεχνικές Πληροφορίες και τις Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες που συλλέγονται μέσω των Λύσεων, όπως ορίζεται στην Ενότητα 3.3:
Για να αξιολογήσει σε υψηλό επίπεδο (χώρα, πολιτεία, περιοχή ή για κατοίκους των ΗΠΑ, ταχυδρομικό κώδικα) τη γεωγραφική τοποθεσία του Τελικού Χρήστη και να επαληθεύσει εάν ο Τελικός Χρήστης βρίσκεται εντός της εκστρατείας του Πελάτη ή των ρυθμίσεων κυκλοφορίας.
Στο βαθμό που απαιτείται από την DoubleVerify, από έναν από τους Πελάτες της που λειτουργεί ως «walled gardens», να επεξεργαστεί πρόσθετες Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες, ώστε να είναι δυνατή η λειτουργία ορισμένων Λύσεων, η DoubleVerify θα επεξεργαστεί τις εν λόγω Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες αποκλειστικά για το σκοπό εκπλήρωσης των υποχρεώσεών της στον Πελάτη και αυστηρά σύμφωνα με τις οδηγίες του Πελάτη, όπως απαιτείται για τη λειτουργία, συντήρηση και, κατά περίπτωση, βελτίωση των Λύσεων. Εάν έχετε οποιεσδήποτε ερωτήσεις, συνιστούμε να επικοινωνήσετε με τον εκάστοτε μεμονωμένο Πελάτη ή να ελέγξετε την τεκμηρίωση ιδιωτικού απορρήτου που διαθέτει στις εγκαταστάσεις του.
5. Πώς και σε ποιον γνωστοποιούμε δεδομένα;
Η DoubleVerify δεν γνωστοποιεί Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες σε τρίτους, εκτός εάν είναι απολύτως απαραίτητο για τους επιχειρηματικούς μας σκοπούς για τη λειτουργία, διατήρηση και βελτίωση των Λύσεών μας. Στον βαθμό που μοιραζόμαστε οικειοθελώς οποιεσδήποτε Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες, διασφαλίζουμε ότι προστατεύονται από τους παραλήπτες με τρόπο σύμφωνο με τις πολιτικές και τα πρότυπά μας.
Ενδέχεται να κοινοποιήσουμε τις Προσωπικές σας Πληροφορίες σε:
Παρόχους υπηρεσιών – εταιρείες με τις οποίες έχουμε συνάψει σύμβαση για την παροχή υπηρεσιών όπως η διαχείριση ΙΤ και συστημάτων, οι υπηρεσίες υποδομής και φιλοξενίας, η έρευνα και ανάλυση, η υποστήριξη και η διασφάλιση ποιότητας, η ασφάλεια και άλλες υπηρεσίες, για τους σκοπούς και σύμφωνα με τη νομική βάση που περιγράφεται παραπάνω. Μπορείτε να ζητήσετε μια λίστα των Παρόχων Υπηρεσιών μας, ποιες Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες λαμβάνουν και για ποιους σκοπούς, επικοινωνώντας μαζί μας. Μπορείτε να βρείτε τα στοιχεία επικοινωνίας στην Ενότητα 13 «
Πώς να επικοινωνήσετε με την DoubleVerify
» της παρούσας Δήλωσης Ιδιωτικού Απορρήτου Λύσεων.
Συνδεδεμένες εταιρείες – όπως μητρική εταιρεία, αδελφές εταιρείες, θυγατρικές, κοινοπραξίες ή άλλες εταιρείες που βρίσκονται υπό κοινό έλεγχο, στο βαθμό που είναι απαραίτητο για τη λειτουργία, τη συντήρηση και τη βελτίωση των Λύσεών μας. Μπορείτε να ζητήσετε μια λίστα των Συνεργαζόμενων Εταιρειών μας, ποιες Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες λαμβάνουν και για ποιους σκοπούς, επικοινωνώντας μαζί μας. Μπορείτε να βρείτε τα στοιχεία επικοινωνίας στην Ενότητα 13 «
Πώς να επικοινωνήσετε με την DoubleVerify
» της παρούσας Δήλωσης Ιδιωτικού Απορρήτου Λύσεων.
Τρίτα μέρη που συνεργάζονται με τους πελάτες μας – για την υποστήριξη των πελατών μας, μπορεί να ενσωματώσουμε τις λύσεις μας με άλλα εργαλεία και υπηρεσίες που συνεργάζονται με τους πελάτες μας για την παροχή βελτιωμένων υπηρεσιών και δυνατοτήτων αναφοράς. Σε καμία περίπτωση δεν λαμβάνουμε δεδομένα από αυτές τις ενσωματώσεις που επιτρέπουν στο DoubleVerify να εμπλουτίσει τα δεδομένα μας και να προσδιορίσει τους Τελικούς Χρήστες. Σε περιορισμένα σενάρια, μπορεί να μοιραστούμε πληροφορίες επιπέδου εντύπωσης με εταιρείες που εμπλέκονται από τους πελάτες μας για τη διεξαγωγή ερευνών σχετικά με την αποτελεσματικότητα του μάρκετινγκ. Σε περιορισμένες περιπτώσεις, οι Πελάτες μας μπορεί να μας ζητήσουν να κοινοποιήσουμε ορισμένες Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες που απαιτούνται για την ενεργοποίηση της λειτουργίας ενός προϊόντος ή μιας υπηρεσίας που δεν διαχειρίζεται η DoubleVerify.
Τρίτα Μέρη που εμπλέκονται σε μια Εταιρική Συναλλαγή – σε περίπτωση που η DoubleVerify εξαγοραστεί από ή συγχωνευτεί με μια άλλη εταιρεία ή σε περίπτωση αναδιοργάνωσης, διάλυσης ή άλλης βασικής εταιρικής αλλαγής.
Μπορεί να απαιτείται από τον νόμο να γνωστοποιήσουμε τις Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες σας:
(α) Εάν μια κρατική οντότητα, δικαστήριο, αρχή επιβολής του νόμου ή κανονιστική υπηρεσία απαιτεί μια τέτοια γνωστοποίηση (για παράδειγμα, ως μέρος μιας συνεχιζόμενης έρευνας, δικαστικής κλήτευσης, παρόμοιας νομικής διαδικασίας ή διαδικασίας)·
(β) Όπως άλλως απαιτείται από οποιονδήποτε ισχύοντα νόμο, κανονισμό ή κανόνα και
(γ) Εάν πιστεύουμε, καλή τη πίστει, ότι η εν λόγω γνωστοποίηση είναι απαραίτητη για την προστασία ή την υπεράσπιση των δικαιωμάτων μας ή των δικαιωμάτων των άλλων, για να βοηθήσουμε σε μια έρευνα ή για την αποτροπή παράνομης δραστηριότητας.
Πίνακες Απάτης και άλλες αναφορές που σχετίζονται με την Απάτη, τροφοδοσίες δεδομένων, API και πίνακες ελέγχου που δεν περιέχουν Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες μπορεί να κοινοποιηθούν ή να διατεθούν σε Πελάτες και άλλα τρίτα μέρη, συμπεριλαμβανομένων, για παράδειγμα, οργανισμών του κλάδου, όπως είναι απαραίτητο για την DoubleVerify, ώστε να επιτευχθούν οι επιχειρηματικοί σκοποί της παροχής, διατήρησης και βελτίωσης του μέρους της Εξάλειψης Απάτης των Λύσεων μας και της καταπολέμησης της απάτης στις διαφημίσεις.
Δεν μοιραζόμαστε τις Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες σας με τους Πελάτες μας. Οποιεσδήποτε αναφορές και αναλύσεις που διαθέτουμε στους Πελάτες μέσω της Πύλης Αναφορών μας είναι ανώνυμες, που σημαίνει ότι δεν περιέχουν Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες. Οι αναφορές γενικά συγκεντρώνονται, αλλά σε περιορισμένες περιπτώσεις η αναφορά επιπέδου εντύπωσης παρέχεται στους Πελάτες μας, μέσω τελικών σημείων FTP ή API, υπό την προϋπόθεση ότι οι εν λόγω αναφορές δεν περιέχουν Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες. Μπορεί να κοινοποιήσουμε Τεχνικές Πληροφορίες, που είναι ανώνυμες, σε συγκεντρωτική μορφή ή στην πρώτη μορφή τους σε τρίτους, όπως θεωρούμε απαραίτητο για την εκπλήρωση των επιχειρηματικών μας σκοπών παροχής, διατήρησης και βελτίωσης των Λύσεων. Επιπλέον, ενδέχεται να κοινοποιήσουμε ανώνυμα ή αποταυτοποιημένα δεδομένα σε συγκεντρωτική βάση κατά τη συνήθη πορεία λειτουργίας της επιχείρησής μας, για παράδειγμα, για τη δημοσίευση μελετών περιπτώσεων και αναφορών ώστε να δείξουμε τάσεις σχετικά με τα οφέλη και την απόδοση των Λύσεων μας.
Προς αποφυγή αμφιβολιών, η DoubleVerify δεν γνωστοποιεί Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες σε οντότητες που λειτουργούν ως «επιχείρηση» ή ως «τρίτο μέρος» σύμφωνα με νόμους όπως ο CCPA.
6. Για πόσο χρονικό διάστημα διατηρούμε Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες;
Η DoubleVerify διατηρεί οποιεσδήποτε Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες που υποβάλλονται σε επεξεργασία μέσω των Λύσεων της μόνο για όσο χρονικό διάστημα είναι απαραίτητο για την υλοποίηση των σκοπών που περιγράφονται στην παρούσα Δήλωση Ιδιωτικού Απορρήτου Λύσεων και σε καμία περίπτωση περισσότερο από σαράντα πέντε (45) ημέρες. Μετά τη λήξη αυτής της περιόδου, οι Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες διαγράφονται με ασφάλεια από τα συστήματα της DoubleVerify.
Οι Πίνακες Απάτης μπορεί να διατηρηθούν επ’ αόριστον για να διασφαλιστεί η σωστή λειτουργικότητα της Λύσης Εξάλειψης Απάτης.
Οι Τεχνικές Πληροφορίες, επειδή είναι ανώνυμες, μπορούν να διατηρηθούν από την DoubleVerify επ’ αόριστον ή εφόσον προβλέπεται διαφορετικά στις πολιτικές της DoubleVerify και επιτρέπεται από τους ισχύοντες νόμους και τις συμβάσεις της DoubleVerify με τους Πελάτες της.
7. Πώς προστατεύονται οι Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες;
Η DoubleVerify έχει εφαρμόσει τα κατάλληλα τεχνικά, φυσικά και οργανωτικά μέτρα που έχουν σχεδιαστεί για την προστασία των Προσωπικών Πληροφοριών από τυχαία ή παράνομη καταστροφή ή τυχαία απώλεια, ζημιά, αλλοίωση, μη εξουσιοδοτημένη γνωστοποίηση ή πρόσβαση, καθώς και όλες τις άλλες μορφές παράνομης επεξεργασίας. Αν και ακολουθούμε γενικά αποδεκτά πρότυπα και βέλτιστες πρακτικές για την προστασία των Προσωπικών Πληροφοριών, καμία μέθοδος αποθήκευσης ή μετάδοσης δεν είναι 100% ασφαλής. Ωστόσο, εργαζόμαστε συνεχώς για να βελτιώσουμε τα μέτρα προστασίας μας και να διατηρήσουμε τις Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες σας ασφαλείς.
8. Πώς διαβιβάζονται διεθνώς οι Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες;
Έχετε υπόψη ότι οι Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες που συλλέγουμε ενδέχεται να διαβιβαστούν και να διατηρηθούν σε διακομιστές ή βάσεις δεδομένων που βρίσκονται εκτός της χώρας, της περιφέρειας, της χώρας ή άλλης δικαιοδοσίας σας. Αν και οι Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες σας μπορεί να μεταδοθούν μέσω ενός τοπικού προσωρινού κέντρου δεδομένων για να διασφαλιστεί ότι οι Λύσεις είναι αποτελεσματικές και αποκριτικές, η DoubleVerify αποθηκεύει τελικά όλες τις Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες που συλλέγονται μέσω των Λύσεων στις Ηνωμένες Πολιτείες. Ως παγκόσμια εταιρεία, διαθέτουμε γραφεία στις Ηνωμένες Πολιτείες, το Ηνωμένο Βασίλειο, τη Γαλλία, το Βέλγιο, τη Φινλανδία, τη Γερμανία, το Ισραήλ, τον Καναδά, το Μεξικό, τη Βραζιλία, την Ιαπωνία, την Ινδία, τη Σιγκαπούρη και την Αυστραλία. Οι υπάλληλοί μας σε αυτές τις τοποθεσίες μπορεί να χρειαστεί να προσπελάσουν τις Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες σας για να υποστηρίξουν τις Λύσεις μας. Το επίπεδο προστασίας δεδομένων που έχει καθιερωθεί σε ορισμένες από αυτές τις τοποθεσίες, όπως οι Ηνωμένες Πολιτείες, μπορεί να είναι χαμηλότερο από αυτό που έχει καθιερωθεί στην Ευρωπαϊκή Ένωση ή σε άλλες δικαιοδοσίες που έχουν θεσπίσει ισχυρούς νόμους και κανονισμούς περί ιδιωτικού απορρήτου.
Λαμβάνουμε μέτρα για να διασφαλίσουμε ότι οι Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες σας αποθηκεύονται με ασφάλεια σε εμάς, τηρώντας τις κανονιστικές απαιτήσεις περί ιδιωτικού απορρήτου και ασφάλειας που επιβάλλονται σε επιχειρήσεις της Ευρωπαϊκής Ένωσης. Επίσης, διασφαλίζουμε ότι οποιοσδήποτε άλλος παραλήπτης των Προσωπικών Πληροφοριών σας προσφέρει επαρκές επίπεδο προστασίας και ασφάλειας, για παράδειγμα, συνάπτοντας τις κατάλληλες συμφωνίες και εάν απαιτείται, τυποποιημένες συμβατικές ρήτρες ή έναν εναλλακτικό μηχανισμό για τη διαβίβαση δεδομένων όπως έχει εγκριθεί από την Ευρωπαϊκή Επιτροπή ή άλλη ισχύουσα κανονιστική αρχή. Οι πρακτικές ιδιωτικού απορρήτου της DoubleVerify, που περιγράφονται στην παρούσα Δήλωση Ιδιωτικού Απορρήτου, συμμορφώνονται με το Σύστημα Διασυνοριακών Κανόνων Ιδιωτικού Απορρήτου (CBPR) της APEC και με το σύστημα Αναγνώρισης Ιδιωτικού Απορρήτου για Εκτελούντες την Επεξεργασία (PRP). Το σύστημα CBPR της APEC και το σύστημα PRP της APEC παρέχουν στους οργανισμούς πλαίσια για τη διασφάλιση της προστασίας των προσωπικών πληροφοριών που διαβιβάζονται μεταξύ των συμμετεχουσών οικονομιών της APEC. Περισσότερες πληροφορίες σχετικά με τα πλαίσια της APEC μπορείτε να βρείτε
εδώ
. Αν έχετε οποιεσδήποτε ερωτήσεις σχετικά με το πού αποθηκεύουμε Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες, μπορείτε να επικοινωνήσετε μαζί μας όπως περιγράφεται στην Ενότητα 13 «
Πώς να επικοινωνήσετε με την DoubleVerify
» της παρούσας Παγκόσμιας Δήλωσης Ιδιωτικού Απορρήτου.
Επιπλέον, η DoubleVerify Inc. και οι θυγατρικές της Outrigger Media, Inc. γνωστή και ως OpenSlate, Scibids Technology Inc., Zentrick Inc. («DoubleVerify»), συμμορφώνεται με την Πλαίσιο Απορρήτου Δεδομένων (ΠΑΔ ΕΕ-ΗΠΑ), τη Βρετανική Επέκταση στο ΠΑΔ ΕΕ-ΗΠΑ και το Πλαίσιο Απορρήτου Δεδομένων Ελβετίας-ΗΠΑ (ΠΑΔ (Ελβετίας-ΗΠΑ) όπως καθορίζεται από το Υπουργείο Εμπορίου των ΗΠΑ. Η DoubleVerify έχει πιστοποιήσει στο Υπουργείο Εμπορίου των ΗΠΑ ότι συμμορφώνεται με την Αρχές του Πλαισίου Απορρήτου Δεδομένων ΕΕ-ΗΠΑ (Αρχές ΠΑΔ ΕΕ-ΗΠΑ) σχετικά με την επεξεργασία δεδομένων προσωπικού χαρακτήρα που λαμβάνονται από την Ευρωπαϊκή Ένωση με βάση το ΠΑΔ ΕΕ-ΗΠΑ και από το Ηνωμένο Βασίλειο (και το Γιβραλτάρ) σύμφωνα με την Επέκταση στο Η.Β. του ΠΑΔ ΕΕ-ΗΠΑ. Η DoubleVerify έχει πιστοποιήσει στο Υπουργείο Εμπορίου των ΗΠΑ ότι συμμορφώνεται με την Αρχές Πλαισίου Απορρήτου Δεδομένων Ελβετίας-ΗΠΑ (Αρχές ΠΑΔ Ελβετίας-ΗΠΑ) σχετικά με την επεξεργασία δεδομένων προσωπικού χαρακτήρα που λαμβάνονται από την Ελβετία βάσει του ΠΑΔ Ελβετίας-ΗΠΑ.  Εάν υπάρχει οποιαδήποτε αντίφαση μεταξύ των όρων της παρούσας πολιτικής ιδιωτικού απορρήτου και των Αρχών ΠΑΔ ΕΕ-ΗΠΑ ή/και των Αρχών ΠΑΔ Ελβετίας-ΗΠΑ, θα υπερισχύουν οι Αρχές.  Για να μάθετε περισσότερα σχετικά με το πρόγραμμα Πλαισίου Απορρήτου Δεδομένων (ΠΑΔ) και για να δείτε την πιστοποίησή μας, επισκεφθείτε το https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/.
Η DoubleVerify είναι υπεύθυνη για την επεξεργασία των δεδομένων προσωπικού χαρακτήρα που λαμβάνει, σύμφωνα με το ΠΑΔ και στη συνέχεια διαβιβάζει σε ένα τρίτο μέρος που ενεργεί ως εκπρόσωπος για λογαριασμό της.  Η DoubleVerify συμμορφώνεται με τις Αρχές ΠΑΔ για όλες τις περαιτέρω διαβιβάσεις δεδομένων προσωπικού χαρακτήρα από την ΕΕ, το Ηνωμένο Βασίλειο και την Ελβετία, συμπεριλαμβανομένων των διατάξεων περί ευθύνης για τις περαιτέρω διαβιβάσεις.
Η Ομοσπονδιακή Επιτροπή Εμπορίου έχει δικαιοδοσία για τη συμμόρφωση της DoubleVerify με το ΠΑΔ, τη Βρετανική Επέκταση στο ΠΑΔ ΕΕ-ΗΠΑ και το ΠΑΔ Ελβετίας-ΗΠΑ. Σε ορισμένες περιπτώσεις, η DoubleVerify μπορεί να χρειαστεί να γνωστοποιήσει δεδομένα προσωπικού χαρακτήρα ως απάντηση σε νόμιμα αιτήματα από δημόσιες αρχές, συμπεριλαμβανομένης της ικανοποίησης των απαιτήσεων εθνικής ασφάλειας ή επιβολής του νόμου.
Σε συμμόρφωση με το ΠΑΔ ΕΕ-ΗΠΑ, η Επέκταση του Η.Β. στο ΠΑΔ ΕΕ-ΗΠΑ και το ΠΑΔ Ελβετίας-ΗΠΑ, η DoubleVerify δεσμεύεται να παραπέμπει ανεπίλυτες καταγγελίες σχετικά με τον χειρισμό των δεδομένων προσωπικού χαρακτήρα που λαμβάνονται βάσει του ΠΑΔ ΕΕ-ΗΠΑ, της Επέκτασης του Η.Β. στο ΠΑΔ ΕΕ-ΗΠΑ και του ΠΑΔ Ελβετίας-ΗΠΑ  στην TRUSTe, έναν εναλλακτικό πάροχο επίλυσης διαφορών με έδρα τις Ηνωμένες Πολιτείες.  Εάν δεν λάβετε έγκαιρη επιβεβαίωση της καταγγελίας σας σχετικά με τις Αρχές ΠΑΔ από εμάς ή εάν δεν έχουμε διευθετήσει ικανοποιητικά την καταγγελία σας σχετικά με τις Αρχές ΠΑΔ, επισκεφθείτε το https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request για περισσότερες πληροφορίες ή για να υποβάλετε μια καταγγελία.  Αυτές οι υπηρεσίες επίλυσης διαφορών παρέχονται δωρεάν σε εσάς.
Για καταγγελίες σχετικά με τη συμμόρφωση με το ΠΑΔ που δεν επιλύθηκαν από οποιονδήποτε άλλο μηχανισμό ΠΑΔ, έχετε τη δυνατότητα, υπό ορισμένες προϋποθέσεις, να ζητήσετε δεσμευτική διαιτησία. Περισσότερες πληροφορίες μπορείτε να βρείτε στον επίσημο ιστότοπο του ΠΑΔ.
9. Ποια είναι τα δικαιώματά σας;
Οι Τελικοί Χρήστες σε ορισμένες δικαιοδοσίες μπορεί να έχουν δικαιώματα υποκειμένου των δεδομένων που τους επιτρέπουν να υποβάλλουν αιτήματα σχετικά με τις Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες τους. Οι περισσότερες δικαιοδοσίες παρέχουν επίσης στους Τελικούς Χρήστες το δικαίωμα να ενημερώνονται για τον τρόπο συλλογής, χρήσης και κοινοποίησης των Προσωπικών Πληροφοριών, καθώς και για ποιους σκοπούς. Η Δήλωση Ιδιωτικού Απορρήτου Λύσεων της DoubleVerify έχει σκοπό να ικανοποιήσει οποιεσδήποτε τέτοιες απαιτήσεις, αλλά εάν έχετε οποιεσδήποτε πρόσθετες ερωτήσεις ή θέλετε να κατανοήσετε καλύτερα πώς μπορεί να έχουν συλλεχθεί, χρησιμοποιηθεί ή σε ποιον μπορεί να έχουν κοινοποιηθεί ή γνωστοποιηθεί οι Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες σας και γιατί, επικοινωνήστε μαζί μας χρησιμοποιώντας την Ενότητα 13 «
Πώς να επικοινωνήσετε με την DoubleVerify
» παρακάτω.
Οι κάτοικοι του Ευρωπαϊκού Οικονομικού Χώρου, του Ηνωμένου Βασιλείου, της Ελβετίας ή της Καλιφόρνιας, μεταξύ άλλων, έχουν διάφορα δικαιώματα σύμφωνα με τους ισχύοντες νόμους και κανονισμούς περί ιδιωτικού απορρήτου, όπως σύμφωνα με τον ΓΚΠΔ και τον CCPA. Για να ασκήσετε αυτά τα δικαιώματα, μπορείτε να χρησιμοποιήσετε
αυτή τη φόρμα
ή να επικοινωνήσετε μαζί μας χρησιμοποιώντας την Ενότητα 13 «
Πώς να επικοινωνήσετε με την DoubleVerify
» παρακάτω. Σύμφωνα με ορισμένους νόμους και κανονισμούς, όπως ο CCPA, μπορείτε επίσης να ορίσετε έναν εξουσιοδοτημένο αντιπρόσωπο για να υποβάλει ένα αίτημα ή να ασκήσει ένα δικαίωμα εκ μέρους σας. Δεν θα κάνουμε διακρίσεις ούτε θα επιβάλουμε αντίποινα εναντίον σας για την άσκηση των δικαιωμάτων σας.
Αυτά τα δικαιώματα είναι:
α) Το δικαίωμα πρόσβασης σε οποιεσδήποτε Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες που μπορεί να διατηρούμε για εσάς, συμπεριλαμβανομένων των πληροφοριών σχετικά με τις κατηγορίες και τα συγκεκριμένα στοιχεία των Προσωπικών Πληροφοριών.
β) Το δικαίωμα διόρθωσης οποιωνδήποτε ανακριβών Προσωπικών Πληροφοριών που μπορεί να διατηρούμε για εσάς. Έχετε υπόψη ότι λόγω του χαρακτήρα των Προσωπικών Πληροφοριών που συλλέγουμε και της μεθόδου της συλλογής μας, είναι εξαιρετικά απίθανο να διατηρούμε Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες που είναι ανακριβείς ή πληρούν τις συνθήκες που απαιτούν διόρθωση.
γ) Το δικαίωμα να ζητήσετε από την DoubleVerify να διαγράψει οποιεσδήποτε Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες που μπορεί να διατηρούμε για εσάς.
δ) Το δικαίωμα να ζητήσετε την αναστολή ή τον περιορισμό της επεξεργασίας των Προσωπικών Πληροφοριών σας για μια χρονική περίοδο, για παράδειγμα, ενώ αξιολογείτε εάν έχετε άλλα δικαιώματα που θα θέλατε να ασκήσετε.
ε) Στον βαθμό που οι Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες σας υποβάλλονται σε επεξεργασία βάσει έννομων συμφερόντων, έχετε το δικαίωμα να αντιταχθείτε σε μια τέτοια επεξεργασία.
στ) Στον βαθμό που οι Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες σας υποβάλλονται σε επεξεργασία με βάση τη συγκατάθεσή σας, να ανακαλέσετε την εν λόγω συγκατάθεση μέσω του Πλαισίου Διαφάνειας και Συγκατάθεσης του IAB Europe.
Στον μέγιστο δυνατό βαθμό, εκπληρώνουμε κάθε αίτημα που σχετίζεται με έναν Τελικό Χρήστη, με την προϋπόθεση ότι μπορούμε να αντιστοιχίσουμε τον Τελικό Χρήστη με τις Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες που διατηρούμε στα συστήματά μας. Ωστόσο, σε ορισμένες περιπτώσεις μπορεί να χρειαστεί να επαληθεύσουμε την ταυτότητά σας για να εκπληρώσουμε ένα αίτημα. Για να επαληθεύσουμε την ταυτότητά σας ή να κατανοήσουμε το πεδίο εφαρμογής του αιτήματός σας, μπορεί να χρειαστεί να ζητήσουμε πρόσθετες πληροφορίες σχετικά με εσάς. Δεν θα χρειαστεί να δημιουργήσετε λογαριασμό σε εμάς για να υποβάλετε ένα αίτημα ή να το ικανοποιήσετε. Θα χρειαστεί να δώσετε μια διεύθυνση email, ώστε να μπορούμε να επικοινωνήσουμε μαζί σας και να υποστηρίξουμε το αίτημά σας, καθώς και οποιεσδήποτε πληροφορίες μπορεί να χρειαστούμε για να μπορούμε να επαληθεύσουμε εάν διατηρούμε οποιεσδήποτε Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες σχετικά με εσάς. Έχετε υπόψη σας ότι ενδέχεται να υπάρχουν περιστάσεις που δεν θα μας επιτρέψουν να εκπληρώσουμε το αίτημά σας, αλλά εάν δεν μπορέσουμε να εκπληρώσουμε το αίτημά σας, θα σας εξηγήσουμε το λόγο. Στο βαθμό που δεν διατηρούμε οποιεσδήποτε Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες σχετικά με εσάς, θα σας ενημερώσουμε. Καταβάλλουμε κάθε δυνατή προσπάθεια για να απαντήσουμε σε όλες τις ερωτήσεις και τα αιτήματα το συντομότερο δυνατό, αλλά παρακαλούμε να μας επιτρέψετε έως και τριάντα (30) ημέρες για να απαντήσουμε.
Στον βαθμό που η DoubleVerify έχει τον ρόλο του «εκτελούντος την επεξεργασία», του «εργολάβου» ή του «παρόχου υπηρεσιών», όπως ορίζεται στο ισχύον δίκαιο, μπορεί να χρειαστεί να απευθύνετε τα αιτήματά σας για να ασκήσετε τα δικαιώματά σας στον σχετικό Πελάτη που λειτουργεί ως «υπεύθυνος επεξεργασίας» ή «επιχείρηση».
10. Πρόσθετες γνωστοποιήσεις
Ορισμένοι νόμοι και κανονισμοί περί ιδιωτικού απορρήτου, όπως ο CCPA, απαιτούν από τις επιχειρήσεις να γνωστοποιούν εάν πωλούν Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες. Η DoubleVerify δεν γνωστοποιεί Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες με τρόπο που θα αποτελούσε «πώληση» ή «κοινοποίηση» σύμφωνα με τους νόμους της Καλιφόρνιας, της Βιρτζίνια, της Νεβάδας ή παρόμοιους νόμους.
11. Χρησιμοποιεί η DoubleVerify Τεχνητή Νοημοσύνη;
Η DoubleVerify χρησιμοποιεί Τεχνητή Νοημοσύνη («AI») σε διάφορες λειτουργίες και με διάφορους τρόπους σε ολόκληρο τον οργανισμό της. Αν και η DoubleVerify χρησιμοποιεί τεχνολογίες AI, δεν εμπλεκόμαστε σε «αυτοματοποιημένη λήψη αποφάσεων», όπως ορίζεται από τους εφαρμοστέους νόμους και κανονισμούς περί ιδιωτικού απορρήτου.
12. Διέπον δίκαιο
Στον βαθμό που ισχύει και επιτρέπεται από τους ισχύοντες νόμους και κανονισμούς, η παρούσα Δήλωση Ιδιωτικού Απορρήτου Λύσεων διέπεται από και ερμηνεύεται σύμφωνα με τους εσωτερικούς νόμους της πολιτείας του Delaware και η δικαιοδοσία και ο τόπος διεξαγωγής οποιασδήποτε διαφωνίας θα βρίσκονται στην Πολιτεία του Delaware.
13. Ενημερώνουμε την παρούσα Δήλωση Ιδιωτικού Απορρήτου Λύσεων;
Ενδέχεται να ενημερώνουμε την παρούσα Δήλωση Ιδιωτικού Απορρήτου Λύσεων κατά καιρούς, ώστε να αντικατοπτρίζει τις αλλαγές στις Λύσεις, στις πρακτικές, τις πολιτικές μας ή άλλες εσωτερικές ή εξωτερικές αλλαγές, καθώς και για να συμμορφωνόμαστε με νέες νομικές απαιτήσεις. Οποιαδήποτε αλλαγές θα αναρτηθούν μόλις τεθούν σε ισχύ. Εάν κάνουμε ενημερώσεις, θα ενημερώσουμε την «ημερομηνία έναρξης ισχύος» που αναφέρεται στην κορυφή της παρούσας Δήλωσης Ιδιωτικού Απορρήτου Λύσεων, για να σας βοηθήσουμε να κατανοήσετε πότε έγιναν οι αλλαγές. Για να ενημερώνεστε για τέτοιες ενημερώσεις, σας συνιστούμε να αναφέρεστε τακτικά στην παρούσα Δήλωση Ιδιωτικού Απορρήτου Λύσεων.  Λάβετε υπόψη ότι οποιαδήποτε μετάφραση της παρούσας Δήλωσης Ιδιωτικού Απορρήτου Λύσεων προορίζεται αποκλειστικά για τη διευκόλυνση της πρόσβασής σας σε αυτές τις πληροφορίες. Η αγγλική έκδοση είναι η μόνη επίσημη έκδοση της παρούσας Δήλωσης Ιδιωτικού Απορρήτου Λύσεων και οποιεσδήποτε ανακρίβειες ή αποκλίσεις στη μετάφραση δεν είναι δεσμευτικές και δεν έχουν νομική επίδραση για σκοπούς συμμόρφωσης ή επιβολής.
14. Πώς μπορείτε να επικοινωνήσετε με την DoubleVerify;
Εάν έχετε οποιεσδήποτε ερωτήσεις, ανησυχίες ή σχόλια σχετικά με την παρούσα Δήλωση Ιδιωτικού Απορρήτου Λύσεων ή πιστεύετε ότι οι Προσωπικές Πληροφορίες σας έχουν χρησιμοποιηθεί με τρόπο που δεν συνάδει με την Δήλωση Ιδιωτικού Απορρήτου ή τις επιλογές σας, μπορείτε να επικοινωνήσετε με την Ομάδα Ιδιωτικού Απορρήτου στη διεύθυνση:
Στοιχεία επικοινωνίας Υπευθύνου Απορρήτου / Υπευθύνου Προστασίας Δεδομένων (Ομάδα Ιδιωτικού Απορρήτου)
DoubleVerify Inc.
462 Broadway
New York, NY 10013
privacy-policy@doubleverify.com
Εάν έχετε κάποια ανησυχία περί ιδιωτικού απορρήτου ή χρήσης δεδομένων που δεν έχει επιλυθεί και την οποία δεν έχουμε αντιμετωπίσει ικανοποιητικά, επικοινωνήστε με τον πάροχο επίλυσης διαφορών τρίτων στις ΗΠΑ (δωρεάν) στη διεύθυνση
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
. Δεσμευόμαστε για την επίτευξη δίκαιης επίλυσης οποιουδήποτε παραπόνου ή ζητήματος που μπορεί να έχετε σχετικά με το ιδιωτικό σας απόρρητο ή την παρούσα Δήλωση Ιδιωτικού Απορρήτου Λύσεων. Ωστόσο, εάν πιστεύετε ότι δεν μπορέσαμε να σας βοηθήσουμε, τίποτα στην παρούσα Δήλωση Ιδιωτικού Απορρήτου Λύσεων δεν περιορίζει ή επιχειρεί να περιορίσει τα δικαιώματά σας σύμφωνα με τους ισχύοντες νόμους, συμπεριλαμβανομένης της δυνατότητάς σας, ανάλογα με τη χώρα διαμονής σας, να υποβάλετε καταγγελία στην τοπική Αρχή Προστασίας Δεδομένων ή σε άλλη υπηρεσία που έχει δικαιοδοσία για θέματα που σχετίζονται με το ιδιωτικό απόρρητο.
בתוקף מתאריך: 28 ביוני 2024
סקירה כללית
חברת‏ DoubleVerify Inc.‎, ביחד עם חברות הבת הגלובליות שלה, (ביחד ייקראו להלן “
DoubleVerify
“, “
אנו
“, “
אותנו
” או “
שלנו
“), היא המובילה בענף באספקת שקיפות ואחריות בפרסום מקוון.‏‎ DoubleVerify משתמשת בטכנולוגיות שונות כדי לאסוף מידע על פרסום מקוון, על תעבורה באתר אינטרנט, על תעבורת אפליקציות לנייד ועל תעבורה במכשירים מחוברים, כדי לספק מוצרים ופתרונות לשקיפות ולאחריות בפרסום (ביחד, “
פתרונות
“). הודעת פרטיות זו (“
הודעת הפרטיות
בנושא פתרונות
“) מסבירה מי אנחנו, כיצד אנו אוספים מידע אישי, משתמשים בו ומשתפים אותו באמצעות הפתרונות שלנו, וכן כיצד ניתן לממש את זכויות הפרטיות שלך.
אם ברצונך לקבל מידע נוסף על האופן שבו DoubleVerify מעבדת מידע אישי שנאסף באתרי האינטרנט שלנו הפונים לציבור, יש לעיין בהודעת הפרטיות שלנו בנושא אתרי אינטרנט ושיווק.
אם אתה משתמש בפתרונות של DoubleVerify וברצונך לקבל מידע נוסף על האופן שבו DoubleVerify מעבדת מידע אישי שנאסף באמצעות כלי הדיווח שלנו, יש לעיין בהודעת הפרטיות שלנו בנושא כלי דיווח.
קישורים מהירים
אנו ממליצים לעיין בהודעת פרטיות זו בנושא פתרונות במלואה כדי לוודא שיש לך את כל המידע. עם זאת, כדי להקל עליך למצוא חלקים ספציפיים בהודעת פרטיות זו בנושא פתרונות ולעיין בהם, חילקנו אותה לסעיפים הבאים:
מי היא DoubleVerify?
מהם התפקיד והמטרות שלנו ומהו והבסיס המשפטי שלנו לעיבוד מידע?
איזה מידע אנו אוספים ולאילו מטרות?
כיצד אנו משתמשים במידע שאנו אוספים?
כיצד ובפני מי אנו חושפים נתונים?
למשך כמה זמן אנו שומרים מידע אישי?
כיצד מאובטח מידע אישי?
כיצד מועבר מידע אישי בין מדינות?
מהן הזכויות שלך?
גילויים נוספים
האם DoubleVerify משתמשת בבינה מלאכותית?
החוק החל
האם אנו מעדכנים את הודעת הפרטיות הזאת בנושא פתרונות?
כיצד ליצור קשר עם DoubleVerify?
1. מי היא DoubleVerify?
הפלטפורמות המוכרות של DoubleVerify מספקות מדידה עצמאית של מדיה דיגיטלית, של נתונים ושל ניתוח אודות חשיפת הפרסומת (או “המודעה”) והתעבורה באתר, כדי לסייע למפרסמים, לסוכנויות ולמשווקים של שטחי פרסום (ביחד “
לקוחות
“) לאשר מאפייני מסירה מדויקים, כולל בטיחות המותג, מדדי נראות, פרמטרים של הקשר ושל סביבה (לדוגמה, אתר האינטרנט שבו מופיעה מודעה, והיכן היא מוצגת בדף האינטרנט), מאפייני איכות של חשיפת המודעה והתעבורה באתר, וכן כדי לספק תובנות שמאפשרות ללקוחות שלנו לקבל החלטות מושכלות לגבי שיבוץ הקריאייטיב והמותג שלהם.
אנו מאמינים במתן הגנות פרטיות חזקות לכל אדם שאת המידע שלו אנו עשויים לעבד בכל נפח שהוא – מכיוון שאנו מאמינים שפרטיות היא זכות בסיסית, ולא דבר שצריך להיות תלוי במקום בו אתה גר. על מנת לקיים עיקרון זה, אנו מתייחסים לכל מידע הנוגע או הקשור לאדם מזוהה או בלתי מזוהה כאל “מידע אישי”, ללא קשר למיקומו של אותו אדם. בכל הקשור לפתרונות שלנו, DoubleVerify מגבילה את כל המידע שאנו אוספים למידע שאינו מאפשר זיהוי של אדם מבלי שיהיו פרטים נוספים. לדוגמה, DoubleVerify מעבדת את כתובת פרוטוקול האינטרנט שלך (“IP”), שהיא מספר המוקצה אוטומטית למחשב בעת השימוש באינטרנט. בעוד ש-DoubleVerify מתייחסת למידע כזה כאל מידע אישי, בהתאם לשיטות העבודה המומלצות ולחוקים הרלוונטיים, לעולם איננו משלבים מידע זה עם כל מידע אחר שיאפשר לנו לזהות את האדם שאליו הוא מתייחס.
הודעת פרטיות זו בנושא פתרונות נועדה ליידע את האנשים שהמידע שלהם עשוי להיות מעובד באמצעות הפתרונות שלנו (“
משתמש/י קצה
” או, “
אתה
” וכן “
שלך
“) אודות: (1) סוגי המידע ש‑DoubleVerify עשויה לאסוף עליך או על המכשיר שלך כאשר פרסומת שמנותחת על ידינו מועברת אליך באתר שאתה צופה בו או באפליקציה שבה אתה משתמש, (2) נוהלי הפרטיות שלנו, כיצד אנו רשאים להשתמש, לשתף ולעבד בדרך אחרת מידע הנחשב למידע אישי, וכן (3) מהן זכויותיך ביחס למידע אישי זה. הודעת פרטיות זו בנושא פתרונות מסבירה גם איזה מידע לא אישי (“
מידע טכני
“) אנו אוספים על הפרסומות שאנו עוקבים אחריהן, וכיצד אנו משתמשים במידע טכני זה כדי להפעיל את הפתרונות שלנו.
2. מהם התפקיד והמטרות שלנו ומהו והבסיס המשפטי שלנו לעיבוד מידע?
הפתרונות של DoubleVerify לזיהוי וביטול של הונאה (“
ביטול הונאה
“) ולאימות תאימות גאוגרפית (“
אימות גיאוגרפי
“) מצריכים עיבוד של מידע אישי. למעט בנסיבות מוגבלות המפורטות להלן, ביחס לחוקים ולתקנות כגון התקנה הכללית להגנת נתונים (“
GDPR
“),‏ DoubleVerify מפעילה את תהליך ביטול ההונאה בתור “בקר”, ואת האימות הגיאוגרפי בתור “מעבד”. בהתייחס לחוק פרטיות הצרכן בקליפורניה (“
CCPA
“) ולמסגרות רגולטוריות של מדינות אחרות בארה”ב, הייעוד שלנו עשוי להשתנות בהתאם ליחסים הספציפיים עם כל לקוח. מאחר שהמידע האישי שאנו מעבדים נאסף על ידי הטכנולוגיה שלנו ו”הופך לזמין” עבורנו על ידי לקוחותינו, אנו פועלים בדרך כלל כ”קבלן” על פי CCPA או כ”מעבד” על פי חוקים ומסגרות רגולטוריות של מדינות אחרות בארה”ב. על אף האמור לעיל, בנסיבות מוגבלות שבהן מידע אישי משותף עם DoubleVerify באמצעות שילובים שתוכננו בהתאמה אישית ואמצעים לא סטנדרטיים אחרים, לדוגמה, כאשר מידע אישי כזה נאסף ומסופק על ידי לקוח לצורך ניתוח של DoubleVerify, אנו עשויים להיחשב בתור “מעבד” או “ספק שירות” על פי CCPA. מקרה זה נפוץ ביותר בשותפויות שלנו עם לקוחות ברשתות החברתיות ועם לקוחות אחרים שמפעילים סביבות קנייניות, הנקראות לעיתים קרובות “גנים מוקפים חומה”.
הפתרונות האחרים של DoubleVerify (כגון נראות, בטיחות המותג והתאמה) אינם דורשים בדרך כלל עיבוד של מידע אישי, למעט לצורך ביטול הונאה, הכולל את העיבוד הנדרש כדי לדרג חשיפה בהתאם לנהלים המקובלים בתעשייה (למשל, הנחיות מועצת דירוגי המדיה) ואימות גיאוגרפי. עם זאת, קיימות נסיבות, כגון מקרים שבהם אנו עשויים לספק פתרונות כאלה ללקוחות שמפעילים “גנים מוקפים חומה”, כאשר לקוחות אלה, בתפקידם כבקרים, עשויים לדרוש מ-DoubleVerify לעבד מידע אישי נוסף של משתמשי קצה או של אנשים היוצרים חשבונות ותוכן בסביבות הלקוח. בכל מקרה כזה, הלקוחות יקבעו איזה מידע אישי יעובד. בתפקידם כבקרים, הלקוחות גם יקבעו, על פי שיקול דעתם הבלעדי, את הבסיס המשפטי לעיבודו של מידע אישי זה. למידע נוסף על נוהלי הפרטיות של לקוחות אלה, המידע האישי המעובד והבסיס המשפטי הרלוונטי לעיבוד, עיין בהודעת הפרטיות או בהצהרות הפרטיות הרלוונטיות של כל לקוח. אם אתה יוצר קשר עם DoubleVerify כדי לברר על תוכניות אלה, אנו יכולים לספק מידע בסיסי על העבודה שאנו מבצעים עבור לקוחות אלה, אך אנו ממליצים לך ליצור קשר עם הלקוח הספציפי או לעיין במסמכי הפרטיות שזמינים בנכסיו.
בכל הקשור לחוקים כמו ה-GDPR, הבסיס המשפטי של DoubleVerify לעיבוד מידע אישי באמצעות הפתרונות שלנו הוא האינטרס הלגיטימי של: (א) לקוחותינו, כדי להימנע מהונאה שקשורה בפרסומות, וכדי להציג למשתמשי הקצה מידע מדויק ותואם מבחינה גיאוגרפית, (ב) משתמשי הקצה, כדי לקבל מידע ללא הונאה ומדויק ותואם מבחינה גיאוגרפית, וכן (ג) הציבור הרחב, על ידי זמינות רציפה של אינטרנט חינם.
DoubleVerify משתתפת במסגרת השקיפות וההסכמה של IAB‏ (TCF גרסה 2.2 – מזהה ספק 126), ואנו משתמשים באינטרס הלגיטימי כבסיס שלנו לאיסוף נתונים עבור המטרות הבאות:
אבטחה, מניעה וזיהוי של הונאה, ותיקון שגיאות (מטרה מיוחדת 1)
מסירה והצגה של פרסום ותוכן (מטרה מיוחדת 2)
שמירה והעברה של בחירות בנושא פרטיות (מטרה מיוחדת 3)
מדידת ביצועים של פרסומות (מטרה 7)
פיתוח ושיפור שירותים (מטרה 10)
בתרחישים מוגבלים, הישות האחראית על מסגרת השקיפות וההסכמה של IAB אירופה בנכס שבו פועלים פתרונות של DoubleVerify עשויה להפוך את האימות הגיאוגרפי שלנו לכפוף להסכמה. במקרים מוגבלים אלה, ההסכמה תחול על:
שימוש בנתונים מוגבלים כדי לבחור פרסום (מטרה 2)
מדידת ביצועים של פרסומות (מטרה 7)
פיתוח ושיפור שירותים (מטרה 10)
3. איזה מידע אנו אוספים ולאילו מטרות?
כדי לבצע את המטרות העסקיות של אספקה, של תחזוקה ושל שיפור הפתרונות שלה, DoubleVerify אוספת קטגוריות מסוימות של מידע אישי ושל מידע טכני ומשתמשת בהן. הקטגוריות של מידע אישי ושל מידע טכני המעובד באמצעות הפתרונות של DoubleVerify מפורטות להלן. ככל שנדרש מידע אישי להפעלת תכונה אחת או יותר של פתרון DoubleVerify, מידע אישי זה ישמש אך ורק למטרות הספציפיות המפורטות להלן, אלא אם כן נדרש אחרת על פי החוק. בנוסף, בנסיבות מסוימות, ייתכן שיהיה צורך לעבד את המידע האישי בשילוב עם מידע טכני כלשהו כדי שהפתרונות של DoubleVerify יפעלו כהלכה. בכל תרחיש מסוג זה, הנתונים המשולבים נחשבים למידע אישי ומוגנים בהתאם. לעולם איננו משלבים, מנתחים או מעשירים את המידע האישי ואת המידע הטכני שאנו מעבדים עם מידע נוסף, במטרה לזהות את משתמשי הקצה. לעולם איננו עוקבים אחריך או אחר פעילויותיך המקוונות באפליקציות ובאתרי אינטרנט או לאורך זמן, איננו מסתמכים על טכנולוגיות קבועות כגון קובצי Cookie של צד שלישי, ולעולם איננו יוצרים פרופילים או קבוצות קהל כדי להתמקד באנשים פרטיים.
קטגוריות של מידע טכני שנאסף ומשמש להפעלת הפתרונות של DoubleVerify:
מאפייני קמפיין פרסומי – הפרטים המזהים של המפרסם המספק מודעה, של הקמפיין והמקום בו הוא מוצג ושל ערוץ המדיה שמוכר את השטח למפרסם או כל פלטפורמת פרסום מתווכת – נאספים ומעובדים כדי לזהות את הלקוח אותו אנו משרתים, להחיל את ההגדרות הנכונות עבורו, לפלח את דוחות הלקוח בהתאם לפרטים מזהים אלה ולחייב את הלקוח.
מאפייני תוכן אינטרנטי – כתובת האינטרנט (URL) של הדף או המסגרת שאליהם נשלחת הפרסומת, והכתובת של כל המסגרות או העמודים המפנים – נאספות כדי להבטיח שהמודעות מועברות בהקשר הנכון שהלקוח שלנו הגדיר בהגדרות הפרופיל במערכת שלנו.
מאפייני יישומים ניידים – שם האפליקציה לנייד, מזהה האפליקציה לנייד, חנות האפליקציות, מפתח האפליקציה, דירוגי הכוכבים של האפליקציה, דירוג הגיל של האפליקציה ומידע אחר הזמין לציבור אודות האפליקציה לנייד אליה מועברת הפרסומת. מידע זה משמש כדי להבטיח שהפרסומות יועברו בהקשר הנכון שהלקוח שלנו הגדיר בהגדרות הפרופיל במערכת שלנו.
מאפייני סביבה דיגיטלית – סוג המכשיר המחובר אליו מועברת הפרסומת: מכשיר נייד, מחשב, טלוויזיה מחוברת או מכשיר אחר, סוג הדפדפן והגרסה המשמשים לעיבוד הדף שבו מופיעה המודעה, וכן מערכת ההפעלה – נאספים כדי לקבוע איזו גרסה של הקוד שלנו תפעל כראוי בסביבה זו, וכדי למדוד כראוי אם הייתה לפרסומת האפשרות להיות נצפית על המסך בהתאם לתקני הענף המשתנים מסביבה לסביבה.
מאפייני נראות – מיקום המודעה בדף, גודל המודעה, גודל המסך, גודל שדה התצוגה, מצב מיקוד הלשונית, מצב מיקוד הדפדפן, משך הזמן בו המודעה הייתה בחלק הניתן לצפייה של דף האינטרנט ומיקום הגלילה של דף האינטרנט – נאספים כדי לקבוע ולדווח ללקוחותינו אם הייתה לפרסומת האפשרות להיות נצפית על המסך.
מאפייני חשיפה ומעורבות – נתונים המראים אם לחצו על המודעה או החליפו אותה, אם בוצעו עליה נקישה, נגיעה, שינוי גודל, דילוג, השתקה, השהייה, סיבוב, ריחוף או שינוי עוצמת קול – נאספים כדי לעזור ללקוחותינו למדוד את הביצועים של הפרסומת, של קמפיין הפרסום או של ערוץ המדיה.
קטגוריות של נתונים שנאספו ושנעשה בהם שימוש כדי לאפשר ביטול הונאה:
מזהים של נוכחות אלקטרונית ומכשיר בדויים – לדוגמה, כתובת IP, מחרוזת סוכן משתמשים או נגזרות של שני ערכים אלה – משמשים כדי להעריך אם הנוכחות המקוונת או המכשיר משתתפים במזימת הונאה או קשורים אליה.
קטגוריות של נתונים שנאספו ושנעשה בהם שימוש להפעלת אימות גאוגרפי:
מזהים של נוכחות אלקטרונית ומכשיר בדויים – כתובת IP – נאספים כדי לקבוע את המיקום הגאוגרפי שאליו הם קשורים. כל כתובת IP משויכת למדינה, ובתוך ארצות הברית, עשויה להיות קשורה למידע ספציפי יותר, עד לרמה של המיקוד. מידע על מיקום גאוגרפי מדויק לעולם לא נאסף אודותיך.
בנסיבות מוגבלות, ייתכן שכמה מלקוחותיה, לדוגמה לקוחות הפועלים בתור “גנים מוקפים חומה”, ידרשו מ-DoubleVerify לעבד מידע אישי נוסף כדי לאפשר את הפתרונות שלה. מידע אישי נוסף כזה עשוי להיות קשור למשתמשי קצה, לאנשים שיוצרים חשבונות במסגרת “גנים מוקפים חומה” כאלה או לאנשים שיוצרים תוכן שפורסם בסביבות של “גן מוקף חומה” כאלה. במידה ש-DoubleVerify נדרשת על ידי אחד מלקוחותיה הפועלים כ”גנים מוקפים חומה” לעבד מידע אישי נוסף כדי לאפשר פתרונות מסוימים, DoubleVerify תעבד מידע אישי כזה אך ורק למטרת מילוי התחייבויותיה ללקוח ועל פי הוראות הלקוח בלבד, כפי שנדרש כדי להפעיל את הפתרונות, לשמר אותם, ובמידת הצורך, לשפר אותם. אנו עובדים בהתמדה עם לקוחות אלה כדי להבטיח שהמידע האישי המעובד מוגבל רק למידע האישי הנחוץ להשגת מטרות אלה. בנסיבות מוגבלות, האינטראקציה שלנו עם “גנים מוקפים חומה” עלולה לגרום לקבלת מידע אישי באופן מקרי. DoubleVerify פועלת בהתמדה לניטור מקרים כאלה כדי להבטיח שהמידע האישי לא יעובד לאחר קבלתו, למעט עיבוד במטרה למחוק אותו בצורה מאובטחת מהמערכות שלנו. מכיוון שבמקרים אלה הקטגוריות הספציפיות של מידע אישי תלויות באינטגרציה ובהחלטות המותאמות אישית של הלקוח, ומכיוון שהן משתנות מלקוח ללקוח, אם יש לך שאלות נוספות, אנו ממליצים לך ליצור קשר עם הלקוח הספציפי או לעיין במסמכי הפרטיות שזמינים בנכסיו.
הפתרונות אינם מיועדים או מכוונים לעיבוד מידע אישי של ילדים. איננו אוספים ביודעין מידע אישי מילדים, כפי שמונח זה מוגדר על ידי החוקים הרלוונטיים מעת לעת. אם אתה הורה או אפוטרופוס ואתה סבור שהמידע האישי של ילדך עובד באמצעות הפתרונות, אנא צור עימנו קשר באמצעות המידע המופיע בסעיף 13 שלהלן, “
כיצד ליצור קשר עם DoubleVerify
“, ואנו ננקוט צעדים למחיקה מאובטחת של המידע האישי שלו מהמערכות שלנו.
4. כיצד אנו משתמשים במידע שאנו אוספים?
DoubleVerify משתמשת רק במידע הטכני ובמידע האישי שנאסף למטרות המפורטות בסעיף 3, “
איזה מידע אנו אוספים ולאילו מטרות?
“, של הודעת פרטיות זו בנושא פתרונות. באופן כללי, המידע הטכני והמידע האישי שלך מעובדים כדי לספק דיווח, לוחות מחוונים, משוב ותובנות (“
דיווח
“) ללקוחות שלנו. דיווח DV, בכל פורמט שהוא, הופך לאנונימי ומצטבר, או במידה שנדרש מידע על רמת החשיפה, כל חשיפה אינה מזוהה כדי להבטיח שהמידע האישי של משתמשי הקצה לעולם לא ישותף עם לקוחות. על אף האמור לעיל, דיווח שנוצר עבור לקוחות הפועלים כ”גנים מוקפים חומה” (לדוגמה, חברות מדיה חברתית), ועבור לקוחות אחרים המסתמכים על דיווח כזה (לדוגמה, חברות המפרסמות בפידים של המדיה החברתית), עשוי לכלול מידע על אנשים שיוצרים חשבונות במסגרת “גנים מוקפים חומה” כאלה או על אנשים היוצרים תוכן שפורסם בסביבות של “גנים מוקפים חומה” כאלה. סעיף זה מספק תובנות נוספות על האופן שבו המידע הטכני והמידע האישי שלך מעובדים כדי להשיג את המטרות העסקיות המפורטות בסעיף 3 של הודעת פרטיות זו בנושא פתרונות.
DoubleVerify משתמשת במידע הטכני שנאסף באמצעות הפתרונות, כמפורט בסעיף 3.1, בדרכים הבאות:
כדי לנתח את ההקשר שבו מוצגות פרסומות, איכותן, האותנטיות שלהן וביצועיהן ולדווח עליו. באופן ספציפי, מידע הממחיש אם מודעה המוצגת תואמת את הדרישות החוקיות ואת המיקום שנקבעו מראש על ידי הלקוח, וכן את הגדרת ההעדפות שהלקוח קבע במערכת שלנו.
לספק תובנות וקבלת החלטות נכונות בנוגע להזדמנויות חשיפה. טכנולוגיית DoubleVerify מנתחת את המאפיינים של נתוני החשיפה וקובעת אם כדאי להציג או לא להציג את הפרסומת של הלקוח, למשל על ידי קביעה שהתוכן שמסביב אינו תואם למיתוג ולהעדפות של הלקוח.
לצורך הפעלת ביטול הונאה, DoubleVerify משתמשת במידע הטכני ובמידע האישי שנאסף באמצעות הפתרונות, כמפורט בסעיפים 3.1 ו-3.2, כדי:
לסקור ולזהות חשיפות של מודעה ספציפית שמקורן בהונאה עקב יצירתן על ידי דפדפנים לא אנושיים הנשלטים באמצעות רובוט.
להעריך ולזהות תעבורת רשת לא חוקית, כגון תעבורה שנוצרה על ידי הזרקת פרסומות, תעבורה שמקורה במרכזי נתונים, תעבורה שאינה נכונה, תעבורה מדומה וסוגים אחרים של תעבורה לא חוקית.
לנתח ולזהות אתרי אינטרנט, אפליקציות לנייד ולמכשירים מחוברים וערוצי מדיה שהפיקו מידע כוזב על תעבורת רשת ו/או יוצרים חשיפות פרסום כוזבות.
לזהות דפוסי תעבורה באתרי אינטרנט המשתתפים בפעילות הונאה בפרסום.
ליצור הבחנה בין התעבורה הנוצרת על ידי דפדפנים לא אנושיים הנשלטים באמצעות רובוט, לבין זו הנוצרת על ידי דפדפנים אנושיים.
לקבוע אם פרסומות שנותחו פעלו לפי הדרישות החוקיות וההעדפות הרלוונטיות שהוגדרו על ידי לקוחותינו.
לקבוע אם תווכה מנסה להציג באופן שגוי את מאפייני הפעולה שלה כדי למנוע זיהוי של הונאה או של תעבורה לא חוקית אחרת.
לקבוע אם מקורן של תעבורת אתר אינטרנט או של חשיפת המודעה בחוות שרתים ולא מפעילות גלישה הנוצרת על ידי אדם.
לקבוע אם תעבורה נרכשת באמצעות שיטות הונאה או שיטות אחרות להשגת תעבורה, שאינן עומדות בהנחיות או בהעדפות של הלקוח.
ליצור רשומות של כתובות IP ומחרוזת של סוכן משתמשים הקשורות למזימות הונאה, ולתעבורה שנוצרת שלא על ידי בני אדם (“טבלאות הונאה”). מכיוון שנקודות מידע כאלה קשורות לאינטראקציות שאינן אנושיות, הן אינן מהוות מידע אישי.
לצורך הפעלת האימות הגיאוגרפי, DoubleVerify משתמשת במידע הטכני ובמידע האישי שנאסף באמצעות הפתרונות, כמפורט בסעיף 3.3, כדי:
להעריך ברמה גבוהה (ארץ, מדינה, אזור, או, עבור תושבי ארה”ב, מיקוד) את המיקום הגאוגרפי של משתמש הקצה, ולבדוק אם משתמש הקצה ממוקם בתוך קמפיין הלקוח או במסגרת ההגדרות שלו לתעבורת רשת.
במידה ש-DoubleVerify נדרשת על ידי אחד מלקוחותיה הפועלים כ”גנים מוקפים חומה” לעבד מידע אישי נוסף כדי לאפשר פתרונות מסוימים, DoubleVerify תעבד מידע אישי כזה אך ורק למטרת מילוי התחייבויותיה ללקוח ועל פי הוראות הלקוח בלבד, כפי שנדרש כדי להפעיל את הפתרונות, לשמר אותם, ובמידת הצורך, לשפר אותם. אם יש לך שאלות כלשהן, אנו ממליצים לך ליצור קשר עם הלקוח הספציפי או לעיין במסמכי הפרטיות שזמינים בנכסיו.
5. כיצד ובפני מי אנו חושפים נתונים?
DoubleVerify אינה חושפת מידע אישי לגורמי צד שלישי, למעט כאשר הדבר נחוץ בהחלט למטרותינו העסקיות עבור הפעלה, תחזוקה ושיפור הפתרונות שלנו. במקרה שאנו משתפים מרצון מידע אישי כלשהו, אנו מוודאים שהוא מוגן על ידי הנמענים באופן העולה בקנה אחד עם המדיניות ועם הסטנדרטים שלנו.
אנו עשויים לשתף את המידע האישי שלך עם:
ספקי שירות – חברות שהתקשרנו עימן כדי לספק לנו שירותים כגון IT וניהול מערכות, שירותי תשתית ואחסון, מחקר וניתוח, תמיכה ואבטחת איכות, אבטחה ושירותים אחרים, למטרות ובהתאם לבסיס המשפטי שתוארו לעיל. באפשרותך לבקש רשימה של ספקי השירות שלנו, איזה מידע אישי הם מקבלים ולאילו מטרות, על ידי יצירת קשר עימנו. תוכל למצוא את פרטי הקשר בסעיף 13 “
כיצד ליצור קשר עם DoubleVerify
” של הודעת פרטיות זו בנושא פתרונות.
חברות מסונפות – כגון חברת אם, חברות אחיות, חברות בת, מיזמים משותפים או חברות אחרות הנמצאות בשליטה משותפת, במידה הדרושה להפעלה, לתחזוקה ולשיפור הפתרונות שלנו. באפשרותך לבקש רשימה של החברות המסונפות שלנו, איזה מידע אישי הן מקבלות ולאילו מטרות, על ידי יצירת קשר עימנו. תוכל למצוא את פרטי הקשר בסעיף 13 “
כיצד ליצור קשר עם DoubleVerify
” של הודעת פרטיות זו בנושא פתרונות.
צדדים שלישיים המועסקים על ידי לקוחותינו – כדי לתמוך בלקוחות שלנו, אנו עשויים לשלב את הפתרונות שלנו עם כלים ושירותים אחרים שנשכרו על ידי לקוחותינו, כדי לספק שירותים ויכולות דיווח משופרים. בשום פנים ואופן איננו מקבלים משילובים אלה מידע שמאפשר ל-DoubleVerify להעשיר את הנתונים שלנו ולזהות משתמשי קצה. בתרחישים מוגבלים, אנו עשויים לשתף מידע על רמת החשיפה עם חברות המועסקות על ידי הלקוחות שלנו, כדי לערוך מחקר על יעילות שיווקית. בנסיבות מוגבלות, הלקוחות שלנו עשויים להנחות אותנו לשתף מידע אישי מסוים הנדרש כדי לאפשר תפקוד של מוצר או שירות שאינם מנוהלים על ידי DoubleVerify.
צדדים שלישיים המעורבים בעסקה תאגידית – במקרה שחברת DoubleVerify נרכשת או מתמזגת עם חברה אחרת, או במקרה של ארגון מחדש, פירוק או שינוי תאגידי מהותי אחר.
אנו עשויים להידרש על פי חוק לחשוף את המידע האישי שלך:
(א) אם גורם ממשלתי, בית דין, רשות אכיפת חוק או גוף תקינה דורשים גילוי שכזה (למשל במסגרת חקירה מתמשכת, זימון, הליך משפטי דומה או תביעה דומה);
(ב) כפי שנדרש אחרת על פי כל חוק, תקנה או כלל רלוונטיים; וכן
(ג) אם אנו מאמינים, בתום לב, כי גילוי כזה נחוץ כדי להגן או לשמור על זכויותינו או על זכויותיהם של אחרים, כדי לסייע בחקירה או כדי למנוע פעילות בלתי חוקית.
ייתכן כי טבלאות הונאה ודוחות אחרים הקשורים לביטול הונאה, עדכוני נתונים, ממשקי API ולוחות מחוונים שאינם מכילים מידע אישי, ישותפו עם לקוחות ועם צדדים שלישיים אחרים או יהיו זמינים עבורם, כולל למשל ארגונים בענף, לפי הצורך של DoubleVerify כדי לבצע את מטרותיה העסקיות של אספקה, של תחזוקה ושל שיפור החלק הנוגע לביטול הונאה בפתרונות שלנו, וכדי להילחם בהונאת מודעות.
איננו משתפים את המידע האישי שלך עם לקוחותינו. כל הדוחות והניתוחים שאנו מעבירים ללקוחות דרך פורטל הדיווח שלנו הם אנונימיים, כלומר הם אינם מכילים מידע אישי. הדוחות בדרך כלל מצטברים, אך בנסיבות מוגבלות הדיווח על רמת החשיפה נמסר ללקוחותינו, באמצעות נקודות קצה FTP או ממשקי API, בתנאי שדוחות כאלה אינם מכילים מידע אישי כלשהו. אנו עשויים לשתף מידע טכני, שהוא אנונימי, בפורמטים מצטברים או בצורתו הגולמית, עם צדדים שלישיים, כפי שנמצא לנכון כדי לבצע את המטרות העסקיות שלנו של אספקה, של תחזוקה ושל שיפור הפתרונות. בנוסף, אנו עשויים לשתף נתונים אנונימיים, או כאלה שאינם מזוהים, על בסיס מצטבר במהלך הרגיל של הפעלת העסק שלנו; לדוגמה, על מנת לפרסם חקר מקרים ודיווחים שיציגו מגמות אודות היתרונות והביצועים של הפתרונות שלנו.
למען הסר ספק, DoubleVerify אינה חושפת מידע אישי בפני ישויות הפועלות כ”עסק” או כ”צד שלישי” על פי חוקים כגון CCPA.
6. למשך כמה זמן אנו שומרים מידע אישי?
DoubleVerify שומרת על כל מידע אישי שעובד באמצעות הפתרונות שלה למשך הזמן הנדרש למימוש המטרות המפורטות בהודעת פרטיות זו בנושא פתרונות, ובשום מקרה לא יותר מארבעים וחמישה (45) יום. עם תום תקופה זו, המידע האישי נמחק בצורה מאובטחת מהמערכות של DoubleVerify.
טבלאות הונאה עשויות להישמר ללא הגבלת זמן כדי להבטיח את התפקוד התקין של פתרון ביטול ההונאה.
מידע טכני, בהיותו אנונימי במהותו, עשוי להישמר על ידי DoubleVerify ללא הגבלת זמן, או כל עוד נקבע אחרת במדיניות של DoubleVerify, ויתאפשר על פי החוקים הרלוונטיים וההסכמים של DoubleVerify עם לקוחותיה.
7. כיצד מאובטח מידע אישי?
DoubleVerify יישמה אמצעים טכניים, פיזיים וארגוניים מתאימים שנועדו להגן על מידע אישי מפני הרס בשוגג, או שלא כדין, או אובדן בשוגג, נזק, שינוי, גילוי או גישה בלתי מורשים, כמו גם כל שאר סוגי העיבודים הבלתי חוקיים. אף על פי שאנו פועלים לפי סטנדרטים מקובלים ושיטות עבודה מומלצות להגנה על מידע אישי, שום שיטת אחסון או העברה אינה מאובטחת ב-100%. עם זאת, אנו פועלים ללא הרף לשיפור אמצעי ההגנה שלנו ולשמירה על אבטחת המידע האישי שלך.
8. כיצד מועבר מידע אישי בין מדינות?
לידיעתכם, המידע האישי שאנו אוספים עשוי להיות מועבר ומתוחזק בשרתים או בבסיסי נתונים הממוקמים מחוץ למדינתך, מחוזך, ארצך או תחום שיפוט אחר שלך. בעוד שהמידע האישי שלך עשוי להיות מועבר דרך מרכז נתונים זמני מקומי על מנת להבטיח שהפתרונות יעילים ומגיבים, בסופו של דבר DoubleVerify מאחסנת את כל המידע האישי שנאסף באמצעות הפתרונות בארצות הברית. כחברה גלובלית, יש לנו משרדים במיקומים הבאים: ארצות הברית, בריטניה, צרפת, בלגיה, פינלנד, גרמניה, ישראל, קנדה, מקסיקו, ברזיל, יפן, הודו, סינגפור ואוסטרליה. ייתכן שעובדינו במקומות אלה יידרשו לגשת למידע האישי שלך כדי לתמוך בפתרונות שלנו. רמת ההגנה על נתונים שנקבעה בחלק ממקומות אלה, כגון בארצות הברית, עשויה להיות נמוכה יותר מזו שנקבעה באיחוד האירופי או בתחומי שיפוט אחרים אשר חוקקו חוקים ותקנות פרטיות חזקים.
אנו נוקטים אמצעים כדי להבטיח שהמידע האישי שלך מאוחסן אצלנו בבטחה, ועומד בדרישות האבטחה והפרטיות הרגולטוריות המוטלות על עסקים באיחוד האירופי. אנו גם מוודאים כי כל מקבל אחר של המידע האישי שלך יציע רמה נאותה של הגנה וביטחון, למשל, על ידי חתימת הסכמי ‘גב אל גב’ מתאימים, ובמידת הצורך, הכנסת סעיפים חוזיים סטנדרטיים או מנגנון חלופי להעברת נתונים כפי שאושר על ידי הנציבות האירופית או גוף תקינה רלוונטי אחר. נוהלי הפרטיות של DoubleVerify המתוארים בהודעת פרטיות זו תואמים למערכת APEC של כללי הפרטיות חוצי הגבולות (CBPR) ולמערכת זיהוי הפרטיות למעבדי נתונים (PRP). מערכת APEC CBPR ומערכת APEC PRP מספקות מסגרות לארגונים כדי להבטיח הגנה על מידע אישי המועבר בין כלכלות ה-APEC המשתתפות. מידע נוסף על מסגרות APEC ניתן למצוא
כאן
. אם יש לך שאלות כלשהן בנוגע למקום שבו אנו מאחסנים מידע אישי, תוכל ליצור עימנו קשר כמפורט בסעיף 13 “
כיצד ליצור קשר עם DoubleVerify
” בהודעת פרטיות גלובלית זו.
בנוסף, DoubleVerify Inc.‎, וחברות הבת שלה Outrigger Media, Inc. d/b/a OpenSlate, Scibids Technology Inc., Zentrick Inc.‎ ‏(“DoubleVerify”), עומדות בדרישות של מסגרת פרטיות הנתונים של האיחוד האירופי‑ארה”ב (EU‑U.S. DPF), ההרחבה הבריטית ל-EU-U.S. DPF, ומסגרת פרטיות הנתונים של שווייץ-ארה”ב (Swiss-U.S. DPF) כפי שהיא נקבעה על ידי מחלקת המסחר של ארה”ב. DoubleVerify אישרה עבור מחלקת המסחר של ארה”ב כי היא מצייתת לעקרונות מסגרת פרטיות הנתונים של האיחוד האירופי‑ארה”ב (עקרונות EU-U.S. DPF) בנוגע לעיבוד נתונים אישיים שהתקבלו מהאיחוד האירופי על פי EU‑U.S. DPF ומבריטניה (וגיברלטר) על פי ההרחבה הבריטית ל‑EU‑U.S. DPF. DoubleVerify אישרה עבור מחלקת המסחר של ארה”ב כי היא מצייתת לעקרונות מסגרת פרטיות הנתונים של שווייץ‑ארה”ב (עקרונות Swiss‑U.S. DPF) בנוגע לעיבוד נתונים אישיים שהתקבלו משווייץ על פי Swiss-U.S. DPF. אם קיימת סתירה כלשהי בין התנאים במדיניות פרטיות זו לבין עקרונות EU-U.S. DPF ו/או עקרונות Swiss-U.S. DPF, העקרונות יגברו. כדי ללמוד עוד על תוכנית מסגרת פרטיות הנתונים (DPF), וכדי לראות את האישור שלנו, בקר באתר https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/‎.
DoubleVerify אחראית לעיבוד הנתונים האישיים שהיא מקבלת, על פי ה-DPF, ולאחר מכן היא מעבירה אותם לצד שלישי הפועל כסוכן מטעמה. DoubleVerify מצייתת לעקרונות ה-DPF עבור כל ההעברות של נתונים אישיים מהאיחוד האירופי, בריטניה ושווייץ, כולל התניות האחריות להעברה.
לנציבות הסחר הפדרלית יש סמכות שיפוט על הציות של DoubleVerify לעקרונות ה-EU-U.S. DPF, ההרחבה הבריטית ל-EU-U.S. DPF, וה-Swiss-U.S. DPF. במצבים מסוימים, DoubleVerify עשויה להידרש לחשוף נתונים אישיים בהתאם לבקשות של רשויות ציבוריות על-פי חוק, כולל כדי לעמוד בדרישות הביטחון הלאומי או בדרישות אכיפת החוק.
בהתאם לעקרונות ה-EU-U.S. DPF, ההרחבה הבריטית ל-EU-U.S. DPF, וה-Swiss-U.S. DPF,‏ DoubleVerify מתחייבת להפנות תלונות לא פתורות בנוגע לטיפול שלנו בנתונים אישיים שהתקבלו על פי EU-U.S. DPF, ההרחבה הבריטית ל-EU-U.S. DPF, ו-Swiss-U.S. DPF ל-TRUSTe, ספקית חלופית ליישוב סכסוכים שממוקמת בארצות הברית. אם לא תקבל מאיתנו בזמן אישור לקבלת התלונה שלך בקשר לעמידה בעקרונות ה-DPF, או אם לא קיבלת מאיתנו מענה משביע רצון לתלונה שלך בקשר לעמידה בעקרונות ה-DPF, אנא בקר באתר https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request לקבלת מידע נוסף או להגשת תלונה. שירותי יישוב סכסוכים אלה ניתנים לך ללא עלות.
עבור תלונות בנוגע לציות ל-DPF שלא נפתרו על ידי אף אחד ממנגנוני ה-DPF האחרים, באפשרותך, בתנאים מסוימים, להפעיל בוררות מחייבת. מידע נוסף ניתן למצוא באתר הרשמי של DPF.
9. מהן הזכויות שלך?
למשתמשי קצה בתחומי שיפוט מסוימים עשויות להיות זכויות בנושאי נתונים, המאפשרות להם להגיש בקשות הקשורות למידע האישי שלהם. רוב תחומי השיפוט גם מספקים למשתמשי הקצה את הזכות לקבל מידע על אופן האיסוף של מידע אישי כלשהו והשימוש בו, עם מי הוא עשוי להיות משותף או בפני מי להיחשף, וכן לאילו מטרות. הודעת הפרטיות של DoubleVerify בנושא פתרונות נועדה לעמוד בדרישות כאלה, אך אם יש לך שאלות נוספות או שברצונך להבין טוב יותר כיצד המידע האישי שלך עשוי להיאסף, כיצד נעשה בו שימוש או עם מי הוא אולי משותף או נחשף, ומדוע, אנא פנה אלינו באמצעות סעיף 13 “
כיצד ליצור קשר עם DoubleVerify
” שלהלן.
לתושבי האזור הכלכלי האירופי, בריטניה, שווייץ או קליפורניה, בין היתר, יש מספר זכויות על פי חוקי ותקנות הפרטיות הרלוונטיים, למשל על פי ה-GDPR וה-CCPA. כדי לממש זכויות אלה, תוכל להשתמש
בטופס זה
או ליצור עימנו קשר באמצעות סעיף 13 “
כיצד ליצור קשר עם DoubleVerify
” להלן. בהתאם לחוקים ותקנות מסוימים, כגון CCPA, אתה יכול גם למנות סוכן מורשה להגיש בקשה או לממש זכות מטעמך. לא נפלה אותך ולא ננקוט פעולות נקם נגדך אם תממש את זכויותיך.
זכויות אלה הן:
א) הזכות לגשת לכל מידע אישי שנחזיק אודותיך, כולל מידע על הקטגוריות ופיסות המידע האישי הספציפיות.
ב) הזכות לתקן כל מידע אישי לא מדויק שאנו עשויים להחזיק אודותיך. אנא זכור כי בשל אופי המידע האישי שאנו אוספים ושיטת האיסוף שלנו, מאוד לא סביר שאנו מחזיקים במידע אישי שאינו מדויק או שיעמוד בנסיבות המחייבות תיקון.
ג) הזכות לבקש מ-DoubleVerify למחוק כל מידע אישי שאנו עשויים להחזיק אודותיך.
ד) הזכות לבקש שעיבוד המידע האישי שלך יושהה או יוגבל למשך תקופה מסוימת, לדוגמה, בזמן שאתה בודק אם יש לך זכויות אחרות שברצונך לממש.
ה) ככל שהמידע האישי שלך מעובד על סמך אינטרס לגיטימי, יש לך זכות להתנגד לעיבוד כזה.
ו) ככל שהמידע האישי שלך מעובד על סמך הסכמתך, יש לך זכות לבטל הסכמה זו באמצעות מסגרת השקיפות וההסכמה של IAB אירופה.
עד כמה שניתן, אנו ממלאים כל בקשה הקשורה למשתמש קצה, ובתנאי שנוכל להתאים את משתמש הקצה למידע האישי שאנו מחזיקים במערכות שלנו. עם זאת, בנסיבות מסוימות ייתכן שנידרש לאמת את זהותך כדי להיענות לבקשה. כדי לאמת את זהותך או כדי להבין את היקף בקשתך, ייתכן שנצטרך לבקש מידע נוסף אודותיך. לא תידרש ליצור אצלנו חשבון כדי להגיש בקשה או כדי שנמלא אותה. יהיה עליך לספק כתובת דוא”ל כדי שנוכל ליצור עימך קשר ולתמוך בבקשתך, כמו גם כל מידע שייתכן שנצטרך כדי לאפשר לנו לאמת אם אנו מחזיקים במידע אישי כלשהו אודותיך. אנא שים לב כי ייתכנו נסיבות אשר לא יאפשרו לנו למלא את בקשתך, אך אם לא נוכל למלא את בקשתך נסביר מדוע. במקרה שאיננו מחזיקים במידע אישי כלשהו אודותיך, נודיע לך על כך. אנו עושים את מירב המאמצים להשיב על כל הבירורים והבקשות בהקדם האפשרי, אך אנא הבא בחשבון עד שלושים (30) יום כדי שנוכל להגיב.
במקרים בהם DoubleVerify משמשת כ”מעבד”, כ”קבלן” או כ”ספק שירות”, כהגדרתם בחוק החל, ייתכן שתצטרך להפנות את בקשותיך למימוש זכויותיך ללקוח הרלוונטי המשמש כ”בקר” או כ”עסק”.
10. גילויים נוספים
חוקים ותקנות מסוימים בנוגע לפרטיות, כגון CCPA, מחייבים עסקים לגלות אם הם מוכרים מידע אישי. DoubleVerify אינה חושפת מידע אישי בדרך המהווה “מכירה” או “שיתוף” לפי חוקי קליפורניה, וירג’יניה, נבדה וחוקים דומים.
11. האם DoubleVerify משתמשת בבינה מלאכותית?
DoubleVerify משתמשת בבינה מלאכותית (“AI”) במגוון תפקודים ודרכים ברחבי הארגון. בעוד ש‑DoubleVerify עושה שימוש בטכנולוגיות AI, איננו משתמשים ב”קבלת החלטות אוטומטית” כפי שהיא מוגדרת בחוקי ותקנות הפרטיות הרלוונטיים.
12. החוק החל
במידה שהדבר רלוונטי ושהחוקים והתקנות הרלוונטיים מתירים זאת, הודעת פרטיות זו בנושא פתרונות כפופה ומפורשת בהתאם לחוקים הפנימיים של מדינת דלאוור, וסמכות השיפוט והמקום לכל סכסוך יהיו בדלאוור.
13. האם אנו מעדכנים את הודעת הפרטיות הזאת בנושא פתרונות?
אנו עשויים לעדכן מעת לעת את הודעת פרטיות זו בנושא פתרונות כדי לשקף שינויים בפתרונות, בשיטות, במדיניות או בשינויים פנימיים או חיצוניים אחרים שלנו, כמו גם כדי לציית לדרישות חוקיות חדשות. כל שינוי יפורסם מייד עם כניסתו לתוקף. אם נבצע עדכונים, נעדכן את “תאריך הכניסה לתוקף” המופיע בראש הודעת פרטיות זו בנושא פתרונות כדי לעזור לך להבין מתי נעשו שינויים. כדי להיות מיודעים לכל העדכונים הללו, אנו ממליצים לך לעיין בהודעת פרטיות זו בנושא פתרונות באופן קבוע. אנא שים לב שכל תרגום של הודעת פרטיות זו בנושא פתרונות נועד אך ורק כדי להקל על גישתך למידע זה. הגרסה האנגלית היא הגרסה הרשמית היחידה של הודעת פרטיות זו בנושא פתרונות, וכל אי דיוקים או אי התאמות בתרגום אינם מחייבים ואין להם כל השפעה משפטית לצורכי ציות או אכיפה.
14. כיצד ליצור קשר עם DoubleVerify?
אם יש לך שאלות, חששות או הערות בנוגע להודעת פרטיות זו בנושא פתרונות, או אם אתה סבור כי נעשה שימוש במידע האישי שלך באופן שאינו עולה בקנה אחד עם הודעת הפרטיות או עם הבחירות שלך, תוכל ליצור קשר עם ‘צוות הפרטיות’ שלנו בכתובת:
פרטי יצירת קשר עם קצין פרטיות/קצין הגנת מידע (צוות הפרטיות)
DoubleVerify Inc.
462 Broadway
New York, NY 10013
privacy-policy@doubleverify.com
‎
אם יש לך חשש לא פתור בנוגע לפרטיות או לשימוש בנתונים שלא טיפלנו בו לשביעות רצונך, אנא צור קשר עם ספק צד שלישי שלנו ליישוב סכסוכים (ללא תשלום) בכתובת
https://feedback‑form.truste.com/watchdog/request
. אנו מחויבים להשגת פתרון הוגן לכל תלונה או חשש שעשויים להיות לך בנוגע לפרטיותך או לגבי הודעת פרטיות זו בנושא פתרונות. עם זאת, אם אתה סבור שלא הצלחנו לסייע לך, שום דבר בהודעת פרטיות זו בנושא פתרונות אינו מגביל או מנסה להגביל את זכויותיך על פי החוקים הרלוונטיים, כולל היכולת שלך, בהתאם למדינת מגוריך, להגיש תלונה לרשות הגנת המידע המקומית שלך, או לגוף אחר בעל סמכות שיפוט בעניינים הקשורים לפרטיות.
प्रभावी तिथि: 28 जून, 2024
संक्षिप्त विवरण
DoubleVerify, Inc., अपनी वैश्विक सहायक कंपनियों के साथ, (सामूहिक रूप से, “
DoubleVerify
”, “
हम
”, “
हमें
” या “
हमारा/
हमारी
/
हमारे
”) ऑनलाइन विज्ञापनों में पारदर्शिता और जवाबदेही प्रदान करने के क्षेत्र में उद्योग अग्रणी है। DoubleVerify विज्ञापन पारदर्शिता और जवाबदेही के उत्पाद और समाधान (सामूहिक रूप से, “
समाधान
“) प्रदान करने के लिए ऑनलाइन विज्ञापनों, वेबसाइट ट्रैफ़िक, मोबाइल ऐप ट्रैफ़िक और कनेक्टेड डिवाइस ट्रैफ़िक के बारे में जानकारी एकत्र करने की विभिन्न तकनीकों का उपयोग करता है। यह निजता सूचना (“
समाधान
निजता सूचना
“) बताती है कि हम कौन हैं, हम अपने समाधानों के माध्यम से व्यक्तिगत जानकारी कैसे एकत्र, प्रयोग और साझा करते हैं, और आप अपने निजता अधिकारों का उपयोग कैसे कर सकते हैं।
यदि आप इस बारे में अधिक जानकारी चाहते हैं कि DoubleVerify जनता से व्यवहार करने वाली हमारी वेबसाइट्स पर एकत्र व्यक्तिगत जानकारी को कैसे संसाधित करता है, तो कृपया हमारी
वेबसाइट और मार्केटिंग निजता सूचना पर जाएँ।
यदि आप DoubleVerify समाधानों का उपयोग करते हैं और इस बारे में अधिक जानकारी चाहते हैं कि DoubleVerify हमारे रिपोर्टिंग टूल्स के माध्यम से एकत्र व्यक्तिगत जानकारी को कैसे संसाधित करता है, तो कृपया हमारी
रिपोर्टिंग टूल्स निजता सूचना पर जाएँ।
क्विक लिंक्स
आपको पूरी जानकारी हो यह सुनिश्चित करने के लिए हमारा सुझाव है कि आप यह समाधान निजता सूचना पूरी-की-पूरी पढ़ें। हालाँकि, आपके लिए इस समाधान निजता सूचना के विशिष्ट भागों को ढूँढना और उन्हें ध्यान से पढ़ना आसान बनाने के लिए, हमने इसे निम्नलिखित अनुभागों में बाँटा है:
DoubleVerify कौन है?
संसाधन में हमारी भूमिका क्या है, और संसाधन के हमारे लक्ष्य और कानूनी आधार क्या हैं?
हम कौन सा डेटा एकत्र करते हैं और किन उद्देश्यों के लिए?
हम हमारे द्वारा एकत्र डेटा का उपयोग कैसे करते हैं?
हम डेटा का प्रकटन कैसे और किसके लिए करते हैं?
हम व्यक्तिगत जानकारी कब तक रखते हैं?
व्यक्तिगत जानकारी कैसे सुरक्षित की जाती है?
व्यक्तिगत जानकारी को अंतरराष्ट्रीय स्तर पर कैसे स्थानांतरित किया जाता है?
आपके अधिकार क्या हैं?
अतिरिक्त प्रकटन
क्या DOUBLEVERIFY आर्टिफिशियल इंटेलिजेंस का उपयोग करता है?
शासी कानून
क्या हम इस समाधान निजता सूचना को अपडेट करते हैं?
DoubleVerify से कैसे संपर्क करें?
1. DoubleVerify कौन है?
DoubleVerify के मान्यता-प्राप्त प्लेटफ़ॉर्म विज्ञापनदाताओं और विज्ञापन इन्वेंटरी विक्रेताओं (एक साथ “
ग्राहक
”) को सटीक डिलीवरी विशेषताओं, जिनमें ब्रांड सुरक्षा, दर्शनीयता की मापें, प्रासंगिक और परिवेशी मानदंड (जैसे, वह वेबसाइट जिस पर कोई विज्ञापन दिखता है, और वह वेबपेज पर कहाँ दिखता है), विज्ञापन इंप्रेशन और वेबसाइट ट्रैफ़िक गुणवत्ता विशेषताएँ शामिल हैं, की पुष्टि में मदद के लिए विज्ञापन इंप्रेशन डिलीवरी और वेबसाइट ट्रैफ़िक के बारे में निष्पक्ष डिजिटल मीडिया मापन, डेटा और विश्लेषण प्रदान करते हैं, और ऐसी गहरी जानकारी प्रदान करते हैं जिससे हमारे ग्राहक अपने क्रिएटिव और ब्रांड के प्लेसमेंट के बारे में सूचित निर्णय ले पाते हैं।
हम किसी भी ऐसे व्यक्ति को मजबूत गोपनीयता सुरक्षा प्रदान करने में विश्वास करते हैं जिसकी जानकारी हम किसी भी क्षमता में संसाधित कर सकते हैं – क्योंकि हमारा मानना ​​​​है कि गोपनीयता एक मौलिक अधिकार है, न कि ऐसा कुछ है जो इस बात पर निर्भर करे कि आप कहां रहते हैं। उस सिद्धांत पर खरा उतरने के लिए, हम किसी भी पहचाने गए या पहचान योग्य व्यक्ति से संबंधित या उससे जुड़े किसी भी डेटा को “व्यक्तिगत जानकारी” के रूप में मानते हैं, चाहे उस व्यक्ति का स्थान कोई भी हो। चूंकि यह हमारे सॉल्यूशन्ज़ से संबंधित है, इसलिए DoubleVerify हमारे द्वारा एकत्र की जाने वाली किसी भी जानकारी को अतिरिक्त जानकारी के बिना किसी व्यक्ति की पहचान की अनुमति नहीं देती है। उदाहरण के लिए, DoubleVerify आपके इंटरनेट प्रोटोकॉल (“आईपी”) को संसाधित करती है, जो एक संख्या है जो इंटरनेट का उपयोग होने पर कंप्यूटर को स्वचालित रूप से असाइन की जाती है। जबकि DoubleVerify ऐसी जानकारी को व्यक्तिगत जानकारी मानता है, सर्वोत्तम प्रथाओं और लागू कानूनों के अनुसार, हम कभी भी उस जानकारी को किसी अन्य डेटा के साथ नहीं संबंधित करते हैं जो हमें उस व्यक्ति—जिससे यह संबंधित है—की पहचान करने में सक्षम बनाए।
इस समाधान निजता सूचना का उद्देश्य उन व्यक्तियों को अग्रलिखित के बारे में सूचित करना है जिनके डेटा को हमारे समाधानों के माध्यम से संसाधित किया जा सकता है (“
अंतिम उपयोगकर्ता
” या, “
आप
” और “
आपके/
आपका
/
आपकी
”): (1) हमारे द्वारा विश्लेषित किसी विज्ञापन को जब आपके द्वारा देखी जा रही किसी वेबसाइट या आपके द्वारा प्रयोग किए जा रहे किसी ऐप पर डिलीवर किया जाता है तब DoubleVerify आपके या आपके डिवाइस के बारे में किस-किस प्रकार की जानकारी एकत्र कर सकता है, (2) हमारी निजता कार्यप्रथाएँ, हम व्यक्तिगत जानकारी मानी जाने वाली जानकारी का उपयोग, साझाकरण और अन्यथा संसाधन कैसे कर सकते हैं, और (3) ऐसी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी के संबंध में आपके क्या अधिकार हैं। यह समाधान गोपनीयता नोटिस यह भी बताता है कि हम उन विज्ञापनों के बारे में कौन सी गैर-व्यक्तिगत जानकारी (“
तकनीकी जानकारी
“) एकत्र करते हैं जिन्हें हम ट्रैक करते हैं और हम उस तकनीकी जानकारी का उपयोग अपने समाधानों को सशक्त बनाने के लिए कैसे करते हैं।
2. संसाधन में हमारी भूमिका क्या है, और संसाधन के हमारे लक्ष्य और कानूनी आधार क्या हैं?
DoubleVerify के धोखाधड़ी पहचान व उन्मूलन (“
धोखाधड़ी उन्मूलन
”) और भौगोलिक अनुपालन सत्यापन (“
भौगोलिक सत्यापन
”) समाधानों के लिए व्यक्तिगत जानकारी का संसाधन आवश्यक होता है। सामान्य डेटा संरक्षण विनियम (जनरल डेटा प्रोटेक्शन रेगुलेशन, “
GDPR
”) जैसे कानूनों और विनियमों के संबंध में, नीचे उल्लिखित सीमित परिस्थितियों को छोड़कर, DoubleVerify धोखाधड़ी उन्मूलन को “नियंत्रक” के रूप में और भौगोलिक सत्यापन को “संसाधक” के रूप में संचालित करता है। कैलिफ़ोर्निया उपभोक्ता निजता अधिनियम (कैलिफ़ोर्निया कंज़्यूमर प्राइवेसी एक्ट, “
CCPA
”) के अनुसार, प्रत्येक ग्राहक के साथ संबंध विशेष के आधार पर हमारा पदनाम अलग हो सकता है। चूँकि हम जिस व्यक्तिगत जानकारी को संसाधित करते हैं वह हमारी तकनीक द्वारा एकत्र की जाती है और हमारे ग्राहकों द्वारा हमारे लिए “उपलब्ध की जाती है”, इसलिए हम आम तौर पर CCPA के तहत “ठेकेदार” के रूप में या अन्य अमेरिकी राज्य कानूनों और नियामक ढाँचों के तहत “संसाधक” के रूप में काम करते हैं।  पूर्वगामी के बाद भी, ऐसी सीमित परिस्थितियों में जहाँ व्यक्तिगत जानकारी कस्टम डिज़ाइन किए गए एकीकरणों और अन्य गैर-मानक माध्यमों के माध्यम से DoubleVerify से साझा की जाती है, जैसे जब ऐसी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी DoubleVerify के विश्लेषण के लिए किसी ग्राहक द्वारा एकत्र व प्रदान की जाती है, वहाँ हमें CCPA के तहत “संसाधक” या “सेवा प्रदाता” माना जा सकता है।  यह परिदृश्य मालिकाना वातावरण संचालित करने वाले सोशल मीडिया ग्राहकों और अन्य ग्राहकों के साथ हमारी साझेदारी में सबसे आम है, जिन्हें प्राय: “वॉल्ड गार्डन (walled gardens)” के रूप में जाना जाता है।
धोखाधड़ी उन्मूलन, जिसमें मानक उद्योग कार्यप्रथाओं के अनुसार इंप्रेशन को अर्ह बनाने के लिए यथा आवश्यक धोखाधड़ी उन्मूलन शामिल है (जैसे, मीडिया रेटिंग्स काउंसिल के दिशानिर्देश) और भौगोलिक सत्यापन को छोड़कर, DoubleVerify के अन्य समाधानों (जैसे दर्शनीयता, ब्रांड सुरक्षा और उपयुक्तता) को आम तौर पर व्यक्तिगत जानकारी के संसाधन की आवश्यकता नहीं होती है। तथापि, ऐसी परिस्थितियाँ हैं, जैसे कि हम ऐसे ग्राहकों को सॉल्यूशन्ज़ प्रदान कर सकते हैं जो “वॉल्ड गार्डन (walled gardens)” का संचालन करते हैं, जहाँ इन ग्राहकों को नियंत्रक के रूप में अपनी भूमिका में, ग्राहक के परिवेश में खाते और कंटेंट बनाने वाले अंतिम उपयोगकर्ताओं या व्यक्तियों की अतिरिक्त व्यक्तिगत जानकारी को संसाधित करने के लिए DoubleVerify की आवश्यकता हो सकती है। ऐसे किसी भी परिदृश्य में, किस व्यक्तिगत डेटा को संसाधित किया जाता है इसका निर्धारण ग्राहकों द्वारा किया जाता है, जो नियंत्रकों की अपनी भूमिका में अपने विवेकाधिकार में, ऐसी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी के प्रसंस्करण का कानूनी आधार भी निर्धारित करते हैं। इन ग्राहकों की निजता प्रथाओं, प्रसंस्कृत की गई व्यक्तिगत जानकारी और प्रसंस्करण के लागू कानूनी आधार के बारे में अधिक जानकारी के लिए, आपको प्रत्येक ग्राहक की प्रासंगिक और लागू निजता नोटिस या बयानों की समीक्षा करनी चाहिए। इन कार्यक्रमों के बारे में जानकारी लेने के लिए यदि आप DoubleVerify से संपर्क करते हैं, तो इन ग्राहकों के लिए जो काम हम करते हैं उसके बारे में कुछ बुनियादी जानकारी प्रदान कर सकते हैं, परन्तु हम परामर्श देंगे कि आप व्यक्तिगत ग्राहक से संपर्क करें या उनके द्वारा अपनी संपत्तियों पर उपलब्ध कराए गए गोपनीयता दस्तावेज़ों की समीक्षा करें।
जहाँ तक GDPR आदि कानूनों की बात है, हमारे समाधानों के माध्यम से व्यक्तिगत जानकारी को संसाधित करने का DoubleVerify का कानूनी आधार अग्रलिखित व्यक्तियों का वैध हित है: (i) हमारे ग्राहकों का यह वैध हित कि वे विज्ञापन संबंधी धोखाधड़ी से बच सकें और अंत उपयोगकर्ताओं को भौगोलिक दृष्टि से सही व अनुपालक जानकारी प्रस्तुत की जाए, (ii) अंत उपयोगकर्ताओं यह वैध हित कि उन्हें धोखाधड़ी-मुक्त और भौगोलिक दृष्टि से सही व अनुपालक जानकारी मिले, और (iii) आम जनता का यह वैध हित कि उसे मुफ़्त इंटरनेट की निरंतर उपलब्धता मिलती रहे।
DoubleVerify IAB पारदर्शिता और सहमति फ़्रेमवर्क में भाग लेता है (TCFv2.2 – वेंडर ID 126), और हम निम्नलिखित उद्देश्यों के लिए डेटा एकत्र करने के अपने आधार के रूप में वैध हित का उपयोग करते हैं:
सुरक्षा सुनिश्चित करना, धोखाधड़ी रोकना और उसका पता लगाना, और त्रुटियाँ ठीक करना (विशेष उद्देश्य 1)
विज्ञापन और सामग्री डिलीवर और प्रस्तुत करना (विशेष उद्देश्य 2)
निजता विकल्पों को सहेजें और संप्रेषित करें (विशेष उद्देश्य 3)
विज्ञापन प्रदर्शन को मापना (उद्देश्य 7)
सेवाओं का विकास और उनमें सुधार करना (उद्देश्य 10)
सीमित परिदृश्यों में, जहाँ DoubleVerify के समाधान संचालन करते हैं उस संपत्ति पर IAB यूरोप पारदर्शिता और सहमति फ्रेमवर्क की प्रभारी इकाई हमारे भौगोलिक सत्यापन को सहमति के अधीन कर सकती है। इन बहुत सीमित मामलों में, सहमति निम्नलिखित पर लागू होगी:
विज्ञापन चुनने के लिए सीमित डेटा का उपयोग करना (उद्देश्य 2)
विज्ञापन प्रदर्शन को मापना (उद्देश्य 7)
सेवाओं का विकास और उनमें सुधार करना (उद्देश्य 10)
3. हम कौन सा डेटा एकत्र करते हैं और किन उद्देश्यों के लिए?
DoubleVerify, अपने समाधान प्रदान करने, बनाए रखने और सुधारने के अपने व्यावसायिक उद्देश्यों को पूरा करने के लिए व्यक्तिगत जानकारी और तकनीकी जानकारी की कुछ श्रेणियों का संग्रह और उपयोग करता है। DoubleVerify Solutions के माध्यम से संसाधित व्यक्तिगत जानकारी और तकनीकी जानकारी की श्रेणियां नीचे दी गई हैं। जहां तक DoubleVerify Solution के एक या अधिक फीचर्ज़ के संचालन के लिए व्यक्तिगत जानकारी की आवश्यकता होती है, ऐसी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी का उपयोग केवल नीचे उल्लिखित विशिष्ट उद्देश्यों के लिए किया जाएगा, जब तक कि कानून द्वारा अन्यथा आवश्यक न हो। इसके अतिरिक्त, कुछ परिस्थितियों में, DoubleVerify के समाधानों को ठीक से काम करने के लिए व्यक्तिगत जानकारी को कुछ तकनीकी जानकारी के संयोजन में संसाधित करना आवश्यक हो सकता है। ऐसे किसी भी परिदृश्य में, संयुक्त डेटा को व्यक्तिगत जानकारी माना जाता है और तदनुसार संरक्षित किया जाता है। हम अंतिम उपयोगकर्ताओं की पहचान करने के लक्ष्य से कभी भी हमारे द्वारा संसाधित की जाने वाली व्यक्तिगत जानकारी और तकनीकी जानकारी को अतिरिक्त जानकारी के साथ संयोजित, विश्लेषण या समृद्ध नहीं करते हैं। हम आपको या आपकी ऑनलाइन गतिविधियों को कभी भी ऐप्स और वेबसाइटों पर या समय के साथ ट्रैक नहीं करते हैं, हम तृतीय-पक्ष कुकीज़ जैसी स्थायी तकनीकों पर भरोसा नहीं करते हैं और हम व्यक्तियों को लक्षित करने के लिए कभी भी प्रोफ़ाइल या ऑडियंस समूह नहीं बनाते हैं।
DoubleVerify Solutions को सशक्त करने के लिए एकत्रित और उपयोग की जाने वाली तकनीकी जानकारी की श्रेणियाँ:
विज्ञापन अभियान विशेषताएँ – विज्ञापन देने वाले विज्ञापनदाता के पहचान-कारक, इसके अभियान और प्लेसमेंट पहचान-कारकों, विज्ञापनदाता या किसी मध्यस्थ विज्ञापन प्लेटफ़ॉर्म को इन्वेंट्री बेचने वाली मीडिया प्रॉपर्टी के पहचान-कारकों को, ग्राहक की पहचना करने, जिसे हम सेवा प्रदान कर रहे हैं, ग्राहक के लिए सही सेटिंग्स लागू करने, इन पहचानकर्ताओं के अनुसार ग्राहक रिपोर्ट को विभाजित करने और ग्राहक को बिल देने के लिए एकत्र और संसाधित किया जाता है।
वेब सामग्री विशेषताएँ – उस पृष्ठ/फ़्रेम का वेब पता (यूआरएल) जहां विज्ञापन वितरित किया जा रहा है, और किसी भी संदर्भित पृष्ठ/फ़्रेम का पता यह सुनिश्चित करने के लिए एकत्र किया जाता है कि विज्ञापन सही संदर्भ में वितरित किए जाते हैं जिसे हमारे ग्राहक ने हमारे सिस्टम में प्रोफाइल सेटिंग्स में निर्धारित किया है।
मोबाइल एप्लिकेशन विशेषताएँ – मोबाइल एप्लिकेशन का नाम, मोबाइल एप्लिकेशन आईडी, ऐप स्टोर, एप्लिकेशन का डेवलपर, एप्लिकेशन की स्टार रेटिंग, एप्लिकेशन की आयु रेटिंग और मोबाइल एप्लिकेशन के बारे में सार्वजनिक रूप से उपलब्ध अन्य जानकारी जहां विज्ञापन दिया जाना है। इस जानकारी का उपयोग यह सुनिश्चित करने के लिए किया जाता है कि विज्ञापन सही संदर्भ में वितरित किए जाते हैं जिसे हमारे ग्राहक ने हमारे सिस्टम में प्रोफाइल सेटिंग्स में निर्धारित किया है।
डिजिटल पर्यावरण विशेषताएँ – कनेक्टेड डिवाइस की किस्म जहाँ विज्ञापन वितरित किया जा रहा है: मोबाइल, डेस्कटॉप, कनेक्टेड टीवी या अन्य उपकरण, उस पृष्ठ को प्रस्तुत करने के लिए उपयोग किया जाने वाला ब्राउज़र प्रकार और संस्करण जहां विज्ञापन प्रदर्शित होता है और ऑपरेटिंग सिस्टम को यह निर्धारित करने के लिए कि हमारे कोड का कौन सा संस्करण उस वातावरण में ठीक से चलेगा और ठीक से मापने के लिए एकत्र किया जाता है कि क्या विज्ञापन को, उद्योग मानकों के अनुसार जो वातावरणों के अनुसार भिन्न होते हैं, स्क्रीन पर देखने योग्य बनने का मौका मिला था।
दर्शनीयता विशेषताएँ – पृष्ठ पर विज्ञापन का स्थान, विज्ञापन का आकार, स्क्रीन का आकार, व्यूपोर्ट का आकार, टैब फ़ोकस स्थिति, ब्राउज़र फ़ोकस स्थिति, समय अवधि जब विज्ञापन वेबपेज़ पर देखने योग्य भाग में था और वेबपेज की स्क्रॉल स्थिति को यह निर्धारित करने और हमारे ग्राहकों को यह रिपोर्ट करने के लिए एकत्र किया जाता है कि क्या विज्ञापन को स्क्रीन पर देखने योग्य बनने का मौका था।
एक्सपोजर और संबद्धता विशेषताएँ – डेटा जो दिखाता है कि विज्ञापन क्लिक, स्वाइप, टैप किया गया था या छुआ गया था, आकार बदला गया था, छोड़ दिया गया था, म्यूट किया, पॉज़ किया, घुमाया गया था, आगे-पीछे किया गया या वॉल्यूम बदला गया था उसे हमारे ग्राहकों की विज्ञापन, विज्ञापन अभियान या मीडिया संपत्ति के प्रदर्शन को मापने में मदद करने के लिए एकत्रित किया जाता है।
धोखाधड़ी उन्मूलन को सशक्त बनाने के लिए एकत्रित और उपयोग किए गए डेटा की श्रेणियां:
छद्मनाम वाली इलेक्ट्रॉनिक उपस्थिति और डिवाइस पहचान-कारक – यानी आईपी पता, उपयोगकर्ता एजेंट स्ट्रिंग या इन दो मूल्यों के संयोजन के डेरिवेटिव्स – का उपयोग यह आकलन करने के लिए किया जाता है कि क्या ऑनलाइन उपस्थिति या डिवाइस धोखाधड़ी योजना में भाग ले रही है या उससे जुड़ी हुई है।
भू-सत्यापन को सशक्त बनाने के लिए एकत्रित और उपयोग किए गए डेटा की श्रेणियां:
छद्म नाम से इलेक्ट्रॉनिक उपस्थिति और डिवाइस पहचानकारक – आईपी पता – उस भौगोलिक स्थान को निर्धारित करने के लिए एकत्र किए जाता है जिससे वे जुड़े हुए हैं। प्रत्येक आईपी एक देश के साथ जुड़ा होता है, और, संयुक्त राज्य अमेरिका के भीतर, यह अधिक विशिष्ट जानकारी से ज़िप कोड तक जुड़ा हो सकता है। आपके बारे में सटीक भू-स्थान जानकारी कभी एकत्र नहीं की जाती है।
सीमित परिस्थितियों में, DoubleVerify की इसके किसी ग्राहक द्वारा आवश्यकता हो सकती है जो अपने सॉल्यूशन्ज़ को सक्षम करने के लिए अतिरिक्त व्यक्तिगत जानकारी को संसाधित करने के लिए “वॉल्ड गार्डन (walled gardens)” के रूप में कार्य करता है। इस तरह की अतिरिक्त व्यक्तिगत जानकारी अंतिम उपयोगकर्ताओं से संबंधित हो सकती है, ऐसे “वॉल्ड गार्डन (walled gardens)” के भीतर खाते बनाने वाले व्यक्तियों या ऐसे “वॉल्ड गार्डन (walled gardens)” वातावरण में प्रकाशित सामग्री बनाने वाले व्यक्तियों से संबंधित हो सकती है। कुछ सॉल्यूशन्ज़ को सक्षम करने के लिए अतिरिक्त व्यक्तिगत जानकारी को प्रसंस्कृत करने के लिए “वॉल्ड गार्डन (walled gardens)” के रूप में काम करने वाले अपने ग्राहकों में से किसी के लिए DoubleVerify को जिस सीमा तक आवश्यकता होती है, DoubleVerify ऐसी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी को पूरी तरह से ग्राहक के लिए अपने दायित्वों को पूरा करने के उद्देश्य से संसाधित करेगा और सख्ती से ग्राहक के निर्देश, संचालन, रखरखाव और, जहाँ लागू हो, सॉल्यूशन्ज़ में सुधार करने के लिए आवश्यक हैं। हम इन ग्राहकों के साथ यह सुनिश्चित करने के लिए लगन से काम करते हैं कि प्रसंस्कृत की गई व्यक्तिगत जानकारी केवल इन उद्देश्यों को प्राप्त करने के लिए आवश्यक व्यक्तिगत जानकारी तक ही सीमित है। सीमित परिस्थितियों में, “वॉल्ड गार्डन (walled gardens)” के साथ हमारी बातचीत के परिणामस्वरूप व्यक्तिगत जानकारी की आकस्मिक प्राप्ति हो सकती है। DoubleVerify ऐसे किसी भी उदाहरण की निगरानी करने के लिए लगन से काम करता है ताकि यह सुनिश्चित किया जा सके कि ऐसी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी को हमारे सिस्टम से सुरक्षित रूप से शुद्ध करने के अलावा रसीद से परे संसाधित नहीं किया जाता है। क्योंकि इन परिदृश्यों में व्यक्तिगत जानकारी की विशिष्ट श्रेणियाँ ग्राहक के अनुकूल एकीकरण और निर्णयों पर निर्भर होती हैं, तथा एक ग्राहक से दूसरे के लिए अलग होती हैं, यदि आपके और प्रश्न हैं, तो हम परामर्श देते हैं कि आप व्यक्तिगत ग्राहक से संपर्क करें या उनकी संपत्तियों पर उपलब्ध उनके द्वारा बनाए गए निजता दस्तावेज़ों की समीक्षा करें।
ये समाधान बच्चों की व्यक्तिगत जानकारी के प्रसंस्करण के लिए अभिप्रेत या निर्देशित नहीं हैं। हम जानबूझकर बच्चों से व्यक्तिगत जानकारी संग्रह नहीं करते हैं, क्योंकि यह शब्द समय-समय पर लागू कानूनों द्वारा परिभाषित किया जाता है। यदि आप कोई माता-पिता या अभिभावक हैं और मानते हैं कि आपके बच्चे की व्यक्तिगत जानकारी को सॉल्यूशन्ज़ के माध्यम से संसाधित किया गया हो सकता है, तो कृपया नीचे दिए गए अनुभाग 13 “
DoubleVerify
से संपर्क कैसे करें
” में जानकारी का उपयोग करके हमसे संपर्क करें और हम उनकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी को हमारे सिस्टमों से सुरक्षित रूप से हटाने के लिए कदम उठाएंगे।
4. हम हमारे द्वारा एकत्र डेटा का उपयोग कैसे करते हैं?
DoubleVerify इस सॉल्यूशन्ज़ गोपनीयता नोटिस के अनुभाग 3, “
हम कौन सा डेटा एकत्र करते हैं और किन उद्देश्यों के लिए
?” में उल्लिखित उद्देश्यों के लिए एकत्र की गई तकनीकी जानकारी और व्यक्तिगत जानकारी का ही उपयोग करता है। सामान्य तौर पर, तकनीकी जानकारी और आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी को हमारे ग्राहकों को रिपोर्टिंग, डैशबोर्ड, फीडबैक और अंतर्दृष्टि (“
रिपोर्टिंग
“) प्रदान करने के लिए संसाधित किया जाता है। डीवी रिपोर्टिंग, किसी भी प्रारूप में, गुमनाम और समेकित होती है, या, उस सीमा तक जहां ​​इंप्रेशन स्तर की जानकारी की आवश्यकता होती है, यह सुनिश्चित करने के लिए प्रत्येक इंप्रेशन की पहचान छुपाई जाती है कि आखिरी उपयोगकर्ताओं की  व्यक्तिगत जानकारी ग्राहकों के साथ साझा नहीं की जाए। पूर्वगामी के बाद भी, “वॉल्ड गार्डन (walled gardens)” (उदाहरण के लिए सोशल मीडिया कंपनियों) के रूप में काम करने वाले ग्राहकों और ऐसी रिपोर्टिंग पर भरोसा करने वाले अन्य ग्राहकों के लिए बनाई गई रिपोर्टिंग (उदाहरण के लिए कंपनियां जो सोशल मीडिया फीड पर विज्ञापन करती हैं) में उन व्यक्तियों की जानकारी शामिल हो सकती है जो ऐसे “वॉल्ड गार्डन (walled gardens)” के भीतर खाते बनाते हैं या ऐसे व्यक्ति जो ऐसे “वॉल्ड गार्डन (walled gardens)” वातावरण में प्रकाशित कंटेट को बनाते हैं। यह अनुभाग इस बारे में अतिरिक्त जानकारी प्रदान करता है कि इस सॉल्यूशन्ज़ गोपनीयता सूचना के अनुभाग 3 में निर्दिष्ट व्यावसायिक उद्देश्यों को प्राप्त करने के लिए तकनीकी जानकारी और आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी को कैसे संसाधित किया जाता है।
DoubleVerify अनुभाग 3.1 में निर्दिष्ट, सॉल्यूशन्ज़ के माध्यम से एकत्रित तकनीकी जानकारी का निम्नलिखित तरीकों से उपयोग करता है:
संदर्भ जिसमें विज्ञापन प्रदर्शित किए जाते हैं, उनकी गुणवत्ता, प्रामाणिकता और प्रदर्शन का विश्लेषण और रिपोर्ट करने के लिए। विशेष रूप से, यह दर्शाने वाली जानकारी कि क्या प्रदर्शित किया जा रहा विज्ञापन  ग्राहक की पूर्व-निर्धारित कानूनी और प्लेसमेंट आवश्यकताओं के साथ-साथ ग्राहक द्वारा हमारे सिस्टम में स्थापित वरीयता सेटिंग्स के अनुपालन में है या नहीं।
इंप्रेशन अवसरों की अंतर्दृष्टियाँ और पूर्व-निर्णय प्रदान करना। DoubleVerify तकनीक एक इंप्रेशन अवसर की डेटा विशेषताओं का विश्लेषण करती है और यह निर्धारित करती है कि ग्राहक का विज्ञापन प्रदर्शित किया जाना चाहिए या नहीं, उदाहरण के लिए यह निर्धारित करके कि आसपास की सामग्री उस ग्राहक की ब्रांडिंग और प्राथमिकताओं के साथ संरेखित नहीं है।
धोखाधड़ी को समाप्त करने के लिए DoubleVerify, अनुभाग 3.1 और 3.2 में निर्दिष्ट अनुसार, सॉल्यूशन्ज़ के माध्यम से एकत्रित की गई तकनीकी जानकारी और व्यक्तिगत जानकारी का उपयोग करती है:
उन विशिष्ट विज्ञापन छापों की समीक्षा करने और उनकी पहचान करने के लिए जो बॉट-नियंत्रित, गैर-मानव ब्राउज़रों द्वारा उत्पन्न किए जाने के कारण कपटपूर्ण हैं।
अमान्य ट्रैफ़िक जैसे विज्ञापन इंजेक्टरों द्वारा उत्पन्न ट्रैफ़िक, डेटा केंद्रों में उत्पन्न ट्रैफ़िक, गलत तरीके से प्रस्तुत ट्रैफ़िक, नकली ट्रैफ़िक और अन्य प्रकार के अमान्य ट्रैफ़िक का आकलन और पहचान करने के लिए।
उन वेबसाइटों, मोबाइल और कनेक्टेड डिवाइस ऐप्स और मीडिया संपत्तियों का विश्लेषण और पहचान करने के लिए जिनमें कपटपूर्ण ट्रैफ़िक है और/या कपटपूर्ण विज्ञापन इंप्रेशन उत्पन्न करते हैं।
कपटपूर्ण विज्ञापन गतिविधि में भाग लेने वाली वेबसाइटों में ट्रैफ़िक पैटर्नों की पहचान करने के लिए।
बॉट-नियंत्रित, गैर-मानव ब्राउज़र और मानव ब्राउज़र द्वारा उत्पन्न ट्रैफ़िक के बीच अंतर करने के लिए।
यह निर्धारित करने के लिए कि क्या विश्लेषण किए गए विज्ञापन हमारे ग्राहकों द्वारा निर्धारित लागू कानूनी आवश्यकताओं और प्राथमिकताओं का पालन करते हैं।
यह निर्धारित करने के लिए कि क्या कोई मिडलवेयर, धोखाधड़ी या अन्य अमान्य ट्रैफ़िक की पहचान को रोकने के लिए अपनी परिचालन विशेषताओं को गलत तरीके से प्रस्तुत करने का प्रयास कर रहा है।
यह निर्धारित करने के लिए कि क्या वेबसाइट ट्रैफ़िक या विज्ञापन इंप्रेशन मानव-जनित ब्राउज़िंग गतिविधि के बजाय सर्वर फ़ार्म से उत्पन्न हो रहे हैं।
यह निर्धारित करने के लिए कि क्या ट्रैफ़िक को ऐसी कपटपूर्ण प्रथाओं के माध्यम से या अन्य ट्रैफ़िक अधिग्रहण प्रथाओं के माध्यम से प्राप्त किया जा रहा है जो ग्राहक के दिशानिर्देशों या प्राथमिकताओं के अनुरूप नहीं हैं।
कपटपूर्ण योजनाओं और गैर-मानव जनित ट्रैफिक (“धोखाधड़ी-संबंधी तालिकाओं”) से जुड़े आईपी पतों और उपयोगकर्ता एजेंट स्ट्रिंग्स के रिकॉर्ड बनाने के लिए। चूंकि ऐसे डेटा बिंदु गैर-मानवीय अंतःक्रियाओं से जुड़े होते हैं, इसलिए वे व्यक्तिगत जानकारी का गठन नहीं करते हैं।
धोखाधड़ी को समाप्त करने के लिए, DoubleVerify, अनुभाग 3.3 में निर्दिष्ट अनुसार, सॉल्यूशन्ज़ के माध्यम से एकत्रित की गई तकनीकी जानकारी और व्यक्तिगत जानकारी का उपयोग, निम्न उद्देश्यों से करता है:
अंतिम उपयोगकर्ता की भौगोलिक स्थिति का उच्च स्तर (देश, राज्य, क्षेत्र, या अमेरिकी निवासियों के लिए, ज़िप कोड) पर मूल्यांकन करने और यह सत्यापित करने के लिए कि अंतिम उपयोगकर्ता ग्राहक के अभियान या ट्रैफ़िक सेटिंग में स्थित है या नहीं।
कुछ सॉल्यूशन्ज़ को सक्षम करने के लिए अतिरिक्त व्यक्तिगत जानकारी को प्रसंस्कृत करने के लिए “वॉल्ड गार्डन (walled gardens)” के रूप में काम करने वाले अपने ग्राहकों में से किसी के लिए DoubleVerify को जिस सीमा तक आवश्यकता होती है, DoubleVerify ऐसी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी को पूरी तरह से ग्राहक के लिए अपने दायित्वों को पूरा करने के उद्देश्य से संसाधित करेगा और सख्ती से ग्राहक के निर्देश, संचालन, रखरखाव और, जहाँ लागू हो, सॉल्यूशन्ज़ में सुधार करने के लिए आवश्यक हैं। यदि आपके पास कोई प्रश्न हैं तो हम परामर्श देंगे हैं कि आप व्यक्तिगत ग्राहक से संपर्क करें या उनके द्वारा  संपत्तियों पर उपलब्ध गोपनीयता दस्तावेज़ों की समीक्षा करें।
5. हम डेटा का प्रकटन कैसे और किसके लिए करते हैं?
DoubleVerify हमारे सॉल्यूशन्ज़ को संचालित करने, बनाए रखने और सुधारने के लिए हमारे व्यावसायिक उद्देश्यों के लिए कड़ाई से आवश्यक होने के अलावा, तीसरे पक्ष को व्यक्तिगत जानकारी का खुलासा नहीं करता है। जिस हद तक हम स्वेच्छा से किसी भी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी को साझा करते हैं, हम यह सुनिश्चित करते हैं कि इसे प्राप्तकर्ताओं द्वारा हमारी अपनी नीतियों और मानकों के अनुरूप संरक्षित किया जाए।
हम आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी इनके साथ साझा कर सकते हैं:
सेवा प्रदाताओं को – कंपनियाँ जिनके साथ हमने, ऊपर वर्णित उद्देश्यों के लिए और कानूनी आधार के अनुसार, हमें सेवाएं प्रदान किए जाने के लिए अनुबंध किया है जैसे आईटी और सिस्टम प्रशासन, बुनियादी ढांचा और होस्टिंग सेवाएं, अनुसंधान और विश्लेषण, समर्थन और गुणवत्ता आश्वासन, सुरक्षा और अन्य सेवाएं। आप हमसे संपर्क करके हमारे सेवा प्रदाताओं की सूची, वे कौन सी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी और किन उद्देश्यों के लिए प्राप्त करते हैं, का अनुरोध कर सकते हैं। आप इस सॉल्यूशन्ज़ गोपनीयता सूचना के अनुभाग 13 “
DoubleVerify
से संपर्क कैसे करें
” में संपर्क जानकारी प्राप्त कर सकते हैं।
सहयोगी कंपनियों को – जैसे पेरंट कंपनी, सहयोगी कंपनियां, सहायक कंपनियां, संयुक्त उद्यम या अन्य कंपनियां जो सामान्य नियंत्रण में हैं, हमारे समाधानों को संचालित करने, बनाए रखने और सुधारने के लिए आवश्यक सीमा तक। आप हमसे संपर्क करके हमारे सहयोगियों की सूची, वे कौन सी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी और किन उद्देश्यों के लिए प्राप्त करते हैं, का अनुरोध कर सकते हैं। आप इस सॉल्यूशन्ज़ गोपनीयता सूचना के अनुभाग 13 “
DoubleVerify
से संपर्क कैसे करें
” में संपर्क जानकारी प्राप्त कर सकते हैं।
हमारे ग्राहकों द्वारा नियुक्त तृतीय पक्षों को – हमारे ग्राहकों का समर्थन करने के लिए, हम अपने सॉल्यूशन्ज़ को ऐसे अन्य उपकरणों और सेवाओं के साथ एकीकृत कर सकते हैं जिन्हें हमारे ग्राहकों द्वारा उन्नत सेवाओं और रिपोर्टिंग क्षमताओं को प्रदान करने के लिए नियुक्त किया जाता है। हम किसी भी परिस्थिति में इन एकीकरणों से डेटा प्राप्त नहीं करते जो DoubleVerify को हमारे डेटा को समृद्ध करने और अंतिम उपयोगकर्ताओं की पहचान करने में सक्षम बनाता है। सीमित परिदृश्यों में, हम मार्केटिंग प्रभावशीलता पर शोध करने के लिए अपने ग्राहकों द्वारा संबद्ध कंपनियों के साथ इंप्रेशन स्तर की जानकारी साझा कर सकते हैं। सीमित परिस्थितियों में, हमारे ग्राहक DoubleVerify द्वारा प्रबंधित नहीं किए जाने वाले किसी उत्पाद या सेवा की कार्यक्षमता को सक्षम करने के लिए आवश्यक कुछ व्यक्तिगत जानकारी साझा करने का निर्देश दे सकते हैं।
कॉर्पोरेट लेन-देन में शामिल तृतीय पक्षों को – उस स्थिति में जब DoubleVerify का अधिग्रहण या विलय किसी अन्य कंपनी के साथ हो जाता है, या पुनर्गठन, विघटन या अन्य मौलिक कॉर्पोरेट परिवर्तन की स्थिति में।
हमें आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी का खुलासा करने के लिए कानूनी रूप से आवश्यकता हो सकती है:
(क) यदि कोई सरकारी इकाई, न्यायाधिकरण, कानून प्रवर्तन या नियामक एजेंसी के लिए इस तरह का प्रकटीकरण आवश्यक होता है (उदाहरण के लिए चल रही जांच के हिस्से के रूप में, सम्मन, समान कानूनी प्रक्रिया या कार्यवाही);
(ख) जैसा कि किसी भी लागू कानून, विनियम या नियम के तहत अन्यथा आवश्यक है; तथा
(ग) अगर हम सद्भाव में यह मानते हैं कि इस तरह के प्रकटीकरण हमारे अधिकारों या दूसरों के अधिकारों की रक्षा या बचाव के लिए, जांच में सहायता करने या अवैध गतिविधि को रोकने के लिए आवश्यक हैं।
धोखाधड़ी-संबंधी तालिकाएं और अन्य धोखाधड़ी उन्मूलन संबंधी रिपोर्टें, डेटा फ़ीड, एपीआई और डैशबोर्ड जिनमें व्यक्तिगत जानकारी शामिल नहीं है, उन्हें ग्राहकों और अन्य तृतीय पक्षों के साथ साझा किया जा सकता है या उपलब्ध कराया जा सकता है, जिनमें उदाहरण के लिए उद्योग संगठन शामिल हैं, जो DoubleVerify को हमारे सॉल्यूशन्ज़ के धोखाधड़ी उन्मूलन हिस्से को उपलब्ध कराने, बनाए रखने और सुधारने और विज्ञापन-धोखाधड़ी से निपटने के इसके व्यावसायिक उद्देश्यों को पूरा करने के लिए आवश्यक है।
हम आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी अपने ग्राहकों के साथ साझा नहीं करते हैं। हमारे द्वारा अपने रिपोर्टिंग पोर्टल के माध्यम से ग्राहकों को उपलब्ध कराई जाने वाली कोई भी रिपोर्ट और विश्लेषण गुमनाम होते हैं, जिसका अर्थ है कि उनमें व्यक्तिगत जानकारी नहीं होती है। रिपोर्टों को आम तौर पर समेकित किया जाता है, लेकिन सीमित परिस्थितियों में हमारे ग्राहकों को एफ़टीपी एंड पॉइंट्स या एपीआई के माध्यम से इंप्रेशन लेवल रिपोर्टिंग प्रदान की जाती है, बशर्ते कि ऐसी रिपोर्ट में कोई व्यक्तिगत जानकारी न हो। हम तकनीकी जानकारी, जो गुमनाम है, को समेकित स्वरूपों में या इसके कच्चे रूप में, तीसरे पक्ष के साथ साझा कर सकते हैं, जिसे हम सॉल्यूशन्ज़ प्रदान करने, बनाए रखने और सुधारने के अपने व्यावसायिक उद्देश्यों को पूरा करने के लिए आवश्यक समझते हैं। इसके अतिरिक्त, हम अपने व्यवसाय के संचालन के दौरान समग्र आधार पर अनाम या गैर-पहचानित डेटा साझा कर सकते हैं; उदाहरण के लिए, हमारे सॉल्यूशन्ज़ के लाभों और प्रदर्शन के बारे में रुझानों को दिखाने के लिए केस स्टडी करने और रिपोर्ट प्रकाशित करने के लिए।
संदेह से बचने के लिए बता दें कि DoubleVerify CCPA जैसे कानूनों के तहत “व्यवसाय” या “तृतीय पक्ष” के रूप में काम करने वाली संस्थाओं/कंपनियों/इकाइयों को व्यक्तिगत जानकारी का खुलासा नहीं करता है।
6. हम व्यक्तिगत जानकारी कब तक रखते हैं?
DoubleVerify अपने सॉल्यूशन्ज़ के माध्यम से संसाधित की गई किसी भी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी को केवल तब तक बनाए रखता है जब तक कि इस सॉल्यूशन्ज़ गोपनीयता नोटिस में उल्लिखित उद्देश्यों को प्रभावी करने के लिए आवश्यक हो, और किसी भी स्थिति में पैंतालीस (45) दिनों से अधिक समय तक नहीं रखता है। उस अवधि की समाप्ति पर, व्यक्तिगत जानकारी को DoubleVerify के सिस्टम से सुरक्षित रूप से हटा दिया जाता है।
फ्रॉड एलिमिनेशन सॉल्यूशन की उचित कार्यक्षमता को सुनिश्चित करने के लिए फ्रॉड टेबल्स को अनिश्चित काल तक रखा जा सकता है।
तकनीकी जानकारी, क्योंकि इसकी प्रकृति गुमनाम है, को DoubleVerify द्वारा अनिश्चित काल तक या जब तक DoubleVerify की नीतियों में अन्यथा प्रदान किया जाता है और लागू कानूनों और अपने ग्राहकों के साथ DoubleVerify के अनुबंधों द्वारा अनुमत होता है, तब तक रखा जा सकता है।
7. व्यक्तिगत जानकारी कैसे सुरक्षित की जाती है?
DoubleVerify ने व्यक्तिगत जानकारी को आकस्मिक या गैरकानूनी विनाश या आकस्मिक हानि, क्षति, परिवर्तन, अनधिकृत प्रकटीकरण या पहुंच के साथ-साथ अन्य सभी प्रकार के गैरकानूनी प्रसंस्करण से बचाने के लिए डिज़ाइन किए गए उपयुक्त तकनीकी, भौतिक और संगठनात्मक उपायों को लागू किया है। जबकि हम व्यक्तिगत जानकारी की सुरक्षा के लिए आम तौर पर स्वीकृत मानकों और सर्वोत्तम प्रथाओं का पालन करते हैं, इसलिए भंडारण या प्रसारण की कोई भी विधि 100% सुरक्षित नहीं है। हालांकि, हम अपने सुरक्षा उपायों को बेहतर बनाने और आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी को सुरक्षित रखने के लिए लगातार काम कर रहे हैं।
8. व्यक्तिगत जानकारी को अंतरराष्ट्रीय स्तर पर कैसे स्थानांतरित किया जाता है?
कृपया ध्यान रखें कि हमारे द्वारा एकत्र की जाने वाली व्यक्तिगत जानकारी आपके राज्य, प्रांत, देश या अन्य अधिकार क्षेत्र से बाहर स्थित सर्वरों या डेटाबेसों में स्थानांतरित की जा सकती है और बरकरार रखी जा सकती है। जबकि आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी स्थानीय अस्थायी डेटा केंद्र के माध्यम से प्रेषित की जा सकती है ताकि यह सुनिश्चित हो सके कि सॉल्यूशन्ज़ कुशल और प्रतिक्रियाशील हैं, DoubleVerify अंततः संयुक्त राज्य में सॉल्यूशन्ज़ के माध्यम से एकत्र की गई सारी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी को संग्रहित करता है। एक वैश्विक कंपनी के रूप में, हमारे कार्यालय स्थान संयुक्त राज्य अमेरिका, यूनाइटेड किंगडम, फ्रांस, बेल्जियम, फिनलैंड, जर्मनी, इज़राइल, कनाडा, मैक्सिको, ब्राजील, जापान, भारत, सिंगापुर और ऑस्ट्रेलिया में हैं। इन स्थानों पर हमारे कर्मचारियों को हमारे सॉल्यूशन्ज़ का समर्थन करने के लिए आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी तक पहुंचने की आवश्यकता हो सकती है। इनमें से कुछ स्थानों, जैसे कि संयुक्त राज्य अमेरिका में स्थापित डेटा सुरक्षा का स्तर यूरोपीय संघ या अन्य न्यायालयों में स्थापित स्तर से कम हो सकता है, जिन्होंने मजबूत गोपनीयता कानून और विनियम बनाए हैं।
हम यूरोपीय संघ के व्यवसायों पर लगाई गईं नियामक गोपनीयता और सुरक्षा आवश्यकताओं को पूरा करते हुए यह सुनिश्चित करने के लिए उपाय करते हैं कि आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी हमारे पास सुरक्षित रूप से संग्रहित की गई है। हम यह भी सुनिश्चित करते हैं कि आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी का कोई अन्य प्राप्तकर्ता पर्याप्त स्तर की सुरक्षा और सुरक्षा प्रदान करे, उदाहरण के लिए, उचित बैक-टू-बैक अनुबंधों में प्रवेश करके और, यदि आवश्यक हो, मानक संविदात्मक खंडों में या डेटा हस्तांतरण के लिए एक वैकल्पिक तंत्र में, जैसा कि यूरोपीय आयोग या अन्य लागू नियामक द्वारा अनुमोदित किया गया है। इस गोपनीयता नोटिस में वर्णित DoubleVerify की गोपनीयता प्रथाएं, APEC क्रॉस बॉर्डर प्राइवेसी रूल्स (CBPR) सिस्टम और प्राइवेसी रिकॉग्निशन फॉर प्रोसेसर्स (PRP) सिस्टम का अनुपालन करती हैं। APEC CBPR प्रणाली और APEC PRP प्रणाली, भाग लेने वाली APEC अर्थव्यवस्थाओं के बीच हस्तांतरित व्यक्तिगत जानकारी की सुरक्षा सुनिश्चित करने के लिए संगठनों के लिए रूपरेखा प्रदान करती है। APEC ढांचे के बारे में अधिक जानकारी
यहाँ
पाई जा सकती है। यदि आपके इस बारे में कोई प्रश्न हैं कि हम व्यक्तिगत जानकारी कहाँ संग्रहित करते हैं, तो आप इस वैश्विक गोपनीयता नोटिस के अनुभाग 13 “
DoubleVerify
से संपर्क कैसे करें
” में उल्लिखित अनुसार हमसे संपर्क कर सकते हैं।
साथ ही, DoubleVerify Inc., और इसकी सहायक कंपनियाँ Outrigger Media, Inc. d/b/a OpenSlate, Scibids Technology Inc., Zentrick Inc. (“DoubleVerify”), अमेरिकी वाणिज्य विभाग (U.S. डिपार्टमेंट ऑफ़ कॉमर्स) द्वारा यथा वर्णित यूरोपीय संघ-अमेरिका डेटा निजता फ़्रेमवर्क (EU-U.S. DPF), EU-U.S. DPF का UK में विस्तार, और स्विस-अमेरिकी डेटा निजता फ़्रेमवर्क (स्विस-U.S. DPF) का अनुपालन करते हैं। DoubleVerify ने अमेरिकी वाणिज्य विभाग को प्रमाणित किया है कि वह EU-U.S. DPF पर विश्वास करते हुए यूरोपीय संघ से प्राप्त और EU-U.S. DPF के UK में विस्तार के तहत यूनाइटेड किंगडम (और जिब्राल्टर) से प्राप्त व्यक्तिगत डेटा के संसाधन के संबंध में यूरोपीय संघ-अमेरिका डेटा निजता फ़्रेमवर्क के सिद्धांतों (EU-U.S. DPF सिद्धांतों) का पालन करता है। DoubleVerify ने अमेरिकी वाणिज्य विभाग को प्रमाणित किया है कि वह स्विस-U.S. DPF पर विश्वास करते हुए स्विट्ज़रलैंड से प्राप्त व्यक्तिगत डेटा के संसाधन के संबंध में स्विस-अमेरिकी डेटा निजता फ़्रेमवर्क के सिद्धांतों (स्विस-U.S. DPF सिद्धांतों) का पालन करता है।  यदि इस निजता नीति में शामिल शब्दों और EU-U.S. DPF सिद्धांतों और/या स्विस-U.S. DPF सिद्धांतों के बीच कोई टकराव होता है तो सिद्धांत अभिभावी होंगे।  डेटा निजता फ़्रेमवर्क (डेटा प्राइवेसी फ़्रेमवर्क, DPF) कार्यक्रम के बारे में अधिक जानने के लिए, और हमारे प्रमाणन को देखने के लिए, कृपया https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/. पर जाएँ।
DoubleVerify उस व्यक्तिगत डेटा के संसाधन के लिए ज़िम्मेदार है जिसे वह DPF के तहत प्राप्त करता है और बाद में उसकी ओर से एजेंट के रूप में काम करने वाले तृतीय पक्ष को स्थानांतरित करता है।  DoubleVerify यूरोपीय संघ, UK और स्विट्जरलैंड से प्राप्त व्यक्तिगत डेटा के सभी आगे के स्थानांतरणों के लिए DPF सिद्धांतों, जिनमें आगे के स्थानांतरण के देयता उपबंध शामिल हैं, का अनुपालन करता है।
संघीय व्यापार आयोग के पास DoubleVerify द्वारा EU-U.S. DPF, EU-U.S. DPF का UK में विस्तार, और स्विस-U.S. DPF के अनुपालन पर क्षेत्राधिकार है। कुछ स्थितियों में, DoubleVerify को राष्ट्रीय सुरक्षा या कानून प्रवर्तन आवश्यकताओं को पूरा करने सहित सार्वजनिक अधिकारियों द्वारा वैध अनुरोधों के जवाब में व्यक्तिगत डेटा का खुलासा करना पड़ सकता है।
EU-U.S. DPF, EU-U.S. DPF के UK में विस्तार, और स्विस-U.S. DPF के अनुपालन में, DoubleVerify EU-U.S. DPF, EU-U.S. DPF के UK में विस्तार, और स्विस-U.S. DPF पर विश्वास करते हुए प्राप्त व्यक्तिगत डेटा की हमारी हैंडलिंग से संबंधित अनसुलझी शिकायतों को संयुक्त राज्य अमेरिका में स्थित एक वैकल्पिक विवाद समाधान प्रदाता TRUSTe को भेजने के लिए वचनबद्ध है।  यदि आपको अपनी DPF सिद्धांतों से संबंधित शिकायत की समय पर अभिस्वीकृति नहीं मिलती है, या यदि हमने आपकी DPF सिद्धांतों से संबंधित शिकायत को आपकी संतुष्टि तक हल नहीं किया है, तो कृपया अधिक जानकारी के लिए या शिकायत दर्ज करने के लिए https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request पर जाएँ।  ये विवाद समाधान सेवाएं आपको निःशुल्क प्रदान की जाती हैं।
DPF अनुपालन के बारे में ऐसी शिकायतों जिन्हें किसी भी अन्य DPF तंत्र द्वारा हल नहीं किया गया है, के लिए आपके पास कुछ शर्तों के तहत बाध्यकारी मध्यस्थता की मांग करने की संभावना है। अधिक जानकारी DPF की आधिकारिक वेबसाइट पर उपलब्ध है।
9. आपके अधिकार क्या हैं?
कुछ क्षेत्राधिकारों के अंतिम उपयोगकर्ताओं के पास ऐसा डेटा विषय अधिकार हो सकते हैं, जिससे वे अपनी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी से संबंधित अनुरोध कर सकते हैं। अधिकांश क्षेत्राधिकार अंतिम उपयोगकर्ताओं को यह सूचित करने का अधिकार भी प्रदान करते हैं कि किसी भी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी को कैसे एकत्र, उपयोग किया जाता है और किसके साथ इसे साझा या प्रकट किया जा सकता है, साथ ही साथ किन उद्देश्यों के लिए ऐसा किया जा सकता है। DoubleVerify का सॉल्यूशन्ज़ गोपनीयता नोटिस का उद्देश्य ऐसी किसी भी आवश्यकता को पूरा करना है, लेकिन यदि आपके कोई अतिरिक्त प्रश्न हैं या आप बेहतर ढंग से समझना चाहते हैं कि आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी कैसे एकत्र, उपयोग की गई हो सकती है या किसके साथ साझा या प्रकट की गई हो सकती है, और क्यों, तो कृपया नीचे दिए गए अनुभाग 13 “
DoubleVerify
से कैसे संपर्क करें
” का उपयोग करके हमसे संपर्क करें।
यूरोपीय आर्थिक क्षेत्र, यूनाइटेड किंगडम, स्विट्ज़रलैंड या कैलिफ़ोर्निया के निवासियों के पास, अन्य अधिकारों के साथ-साथ, लागू निजता कानूनों और विनियमों, जैसे GDPR और CCPA, के तहत कई अधिकार हैं। इन अधिकारों का प्रयोग करने के लिए, आप
इस फॉर्म
का उपयोग कर सकते हैं या नीचे दिए गए अनुभाग 13 “
DoubleVerify
से कैसे संपर्क करें
” का उपयोग करके हमसे संपर्क कर सकते हैं। कुछ कानूनों और विनियमों के अनुसार, जैसे कि सीसीपीए, आप अपनी ओर से अनुरोध सबमिट करने या अधिकार का प्रयोग करने के लिए एक अधिकृत एजेंट को भी नामित कर सकते हैं। हम आपके अधिकारों का प्रयोग करने के लिए आपके साथ भेदभाव या प्रतिशोध नहीं करेंगे।
ये अधिकार हैं:
क) व्यक्तिगत जानकारी की श्रेणियों और विशिष्ट हिस्सों के बारे में जानकारी सहित, आपके बारे में हमारे पास मौजूद किसी भी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी तक पहुंच का अधिकार।
ख) आपके बारे में हमारे पास मौजूद किसी भी गलत व्यक्तिगत जानकारी को ठीक करने का अधिकार। कृपया ध्यान में रखें कि हमारे द्वारा एकत्र की जाने वाली व्यक्तिगत जानकारी की प्रकृति और हमारे संग्रह की विधि के कारण, यह अत्यधिक संभावना नहीं है कि हम वह व्यक्तिगत जानकारी रखें जो असटीक हो या जो सुधार की आवश्यकता वाली परिस्थितियों को पूरा करती हो।
ग) आपके बारे में हमारे पास मौजूद किसी भी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी को DoubleVerify द्वारा हटाए जाने का अनुरोध करने का अधिकार।
घ) यह अनुरोध करने का अधिकार कि आपके बारे में व्यक्तिगत जानकारी के प्रसंस्करण को कुछ समय के लिए निलंबित या प्रतिबंधित किया जाए, उदाहरण के लिए, जब आप यह आकलन करते हैं कि क्या आपके पास अन्य अधिकार हैं जिनका आप प्रयोग करना चाहते हैं।
ङ) वैध हित के आधार पर आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी को संसाधित किए जाने की सीमा तक, आपको इस तरह के प्रसंस्करण पर आपत्ति करने का अधिकार है।
f) जिस सीमा तक आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी को आपकी सहमति के आधार पर संसाधित किया जाता है उस सीमा तक, IAB यूरोप पारदर्शिता और सहमति फ़्रेमवर्क के माध्यम से ऐसी सहमति वापस लेने का अधिकार।
यथासंभव पूर्ण सीमा तक, हम अंतिम उपयोगकर्ता से संबंधित किसी भी अनुरोध को पूरा करते हैं बशर्ते कि हम अंतिम उपयोगकर्ता का मिलान हमारे सिस्टम पर मौजूद व्यक्तिगत जानकारी से कर सकें। हालांकि, कुछ परिस्थितियों में, हमें अनुरोध को पूरा करने के लिए आपकी पहचान सत्यापित करने की आवश्यकता हो सकती है। आपकी पहचान सत्यापित करने या आपके अनुरोध के दायरे को समझने के लिए हमें आपके बारे में अतिरिक्त जानकारी का अनुरोध करने की आवश्यकता हो सकती है। अनुरोध सबमिट करने या उसे पूरा करने के लिए आपको हमारे साथ खाता बनाने की आवश्यकता नहीं होगी। आपको एक ईमेल पता प्रदान करना होगा ताकि हम आपके साथ संवाद कर सकें और आपके अनुरोध का समर्थन कर सकें, साथ ही ऐसी कोई भी जानकारी देनी होगी जिसकी हमें यह सत्यापित करने के लिए आवश्यकता हो सकती है कि हमारे पास आपके बारे में कोई व्यक्तिगत जानकारी है या नहीं। कृपया ध्यान रखें कि ऐसी परिस्थितियां मौजूद हो सकती हैं जो हमें आपके अनुरोध को पूरा करने में असमर्थ बना देंगी, लेकिन अगर हम आपके अनुरोध को पूरा करने में असमर्थ हैं तो हम इसका कारण बताएंगे। जिस हद तक हम आपके बारे में कोई व्यक्तिगत जानकारी नहीं रखते हैं, हम आपको बता देंगे। हम जितनी जल्दी हो सके सभी पूछताछ और अनुरोधों का जवाब देने का सर्वोत्तम प्रयास करते हैं, लेकिन कृपया हमें जवाब देने के लिए तीस (30) दिनों तक का समय दें।
जिस सीमा तक DoubleVerify लागू कानून में परिभाषित के अनुसार एक “संसाधक” या “सेवा प्रदाता” के रूप में कार्य करता है उस सीमा तक, आपको अपने अधिकारों का प्रयोग करने के अपने अनुरोधों को उस संबंधित ग्राहक को भेजने की आवश्यकता हो सकती है जो “नियंत्रक” या “व्यवसाय” के रूप में कार्य करता है।
10. अतिरिक्त प्रकटीकरण
CCPA जैसे कुछ गोपनीयता कानूनों और विनियमों के लिए व्यवसायों को यह प्रकट करने की आवश्यकता होती है कि वे व्यक्तिगत जानकारी बेचते हैं या नहीं। DoubleVerify व्यक्तिगत जानकारी को इस तरह से प्रकट नहीं करता जिसे कैलिफ़ोर्निया, वर्जीनिया और नेवादा के कानूनों या ऐसे ही अन्य कानूनों के तहत “बिक्री” माना जाए।
11. क्या DOUBLEVERIFY आर्टिफिशियल इंटेलिजेंस का उपयोग करता है?
DoubleVerify पूरे संगठन में विभिन्न क्षमताओं और तरीकों से आर्टिफिशियल इंटेलिजेंस (“एआई”) का उपयोग करता है। जबकि DoubleVerify एआई प्रौद्योगिकियों का उपयोग करता है, हम लागू निजता कानूनों और विनियमों द्वारा परिभाषित “स्वचालित निर्णय लेने” में संलग्न नहीं होते हैं।
12. शासी कानून
लागू कानूनों और विनियमों द्वारा लागू और अनुमन्य सीमा तक, इस समाधान निजता सूचना को डेलावेयर राज्य के आंतरिक कानूनों द्वारा शासित और व्याख्यायित किया जाता है, और किसी भी विवाद का क्षेत्राधिकार और स्थान डेलावेयर में होगा।
13. क्या हम इस समाधान निजता सूचना को अपडेट करते हैं?
हम समय-समय पर इस समाधान गोपनीयता नोटिस को अपडेट कर सकते हैं ताकि हमारे समाधानों, प्रथाओं, नीतियों या अन्य आंतरिक या बाहरी परिवर्तनों में बदलाव के साथ-साथ नई कानूनी आवश्यकताओं का पालन किया जा सके। जैसे ही कोई परिवर्तन प्रभावी होंगे, उन्हें पोस्ट कर दिया जाएगा। अगर हम अपडेट करते हैं, तो हम इस सॉल्यूशन्ज़ गोपनीयता नोटिस के शीर्ष पर सूचीबद्ध “प्रभावी तिथि” को अपडेट करेंगे ताकि आपको यह समझने में मदद मिल सके कि परिवर्तन कब किए गए थे। ऐसे किसी भी अपडेट से अवगत रहने के लिए, हम आपको इस सॉल्यूशन्ज़ गोपनीयता नोटिस को नियमित रूप से देखने के लिए प्रोत्साहित करते हैं।  कृपया ध्यान दें कि इस सोल्यूशन्ज़ गोपनीयता नोटिस के किसी भी अनुवाद का उद्देश्य केवल इस जानकारी तक आपकी पहुंच को आसान बनाना है। अंग्रेजी संस्करण इस सॉल्यूशन्ज़ गोपनीयता नोटिस का एकमात्र आधिकारिक संस्करण है और किसी भी अनुवाद की अशुद्धि या विसंगतियां बाध्यकारी नहीं हैं और इनका अनुपालन या प्रवर्तन उद्देश्यों के लिए कोई कानूनी प्रभाव नहीं है।
14. DoubleVerify से कैसे संपर्क करें?
यदि आपके इस सॉल्यूशन्ज़ गोपनीयता नोटिस के बारे में कोई प्रश्न, चिंताएं या टिप्पणियाँ हैं, या आपको लगता है कि आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी का उपयोग इस तरह से किया गया है जो गोपनीयता नोटिस या आपकी पसंद के अनुरूप नहीं है, तो आप हमारी गोपनीयता टीम से यहां संपर्क कर सकते हैं:
निजता अधिकारी /
डेटा संरक्षण अधिकारी
(
निजता टीम
)
की संपर्क जानकारी
DoubleVerify Inc.
462 Broadway
New York, NY 10013
privacy-policy@doubleverify.com
यदि आपकी कोई गोपनीयता या डेटा उपयोग के संबंध में अनसुलझी चिंता है जिसे हमने संतोषजनक ढंग से संबोधित नहीं किया है, तो कृपया हमारे यू.एस.-आधारित तृतीय पक्ष विवाद समाधान प्रदाता से (निःशुल्क)
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
पर संपर्क करें। हम आपकी गोपनीयता या इस सॉल्यूशन्ज़ गोपनीयता नोटिस के बारे में आपकी किसी भी शिकायत या चिंता का उचित समाधान प्राप्त करने के लिए प्रतिबद्ध हैं। हालांकि, यदि आपको लगता है कि हम आपकी सहायता करने में सक्षम नहीं हैं, तो इस सॉल्यूशन्ज़ गोपनीयता नोटिस में कुछ भी, लागू कानूनों के तहत, आपकी क्षमता सहित, आपके निवास के देश के आधार पर, आपके स्थानीय डेटा संरक्षण प्राधिकरण या अधिकार क्षेत्र वाली अन्य एजेंसी को गोपनीयता से संबंधित मामलों पर शिकायत दर्ज करने के आपके अधिकारों को सीमित नहीं करता या सीमित करने का प्रयास नहीं करता।
Hatálybalépés dátuma: 2024. június 28.
Áttekintés
A DoubleVerify, Inc. („
DoubleVerify
”, „
mi
”, „
minket
” vagy „
miénk
”) az iparág vezető vállalata az online hirdetések átláthatóságának és elszámoltathatóságának biztosítása területén. A DoubleVerify különböző technológiákat használ az online hirdetésekre, a webhelyek forgalmára, a mobilalkalmazások forgalmára és a csatlakoztatott eszközök forgalmára vonatkozó információk gyűjtésére annak érdekében, hogy a hirdetések átláthatóságát és elszámoltathatóságát biztosító termékeket és megoldásokat (együttesen: „
Megoldások
”) nyújtson. A jelen adatvédelmi nyilatkozat (a „
Megoldások
Adatvédelmi Nyilatkozat
”) ismerteti, hogy kik vagyunk, hogyan gyűjtünk, használunk fel és osztunk meg Személyes Adatokat Megoldásainkon keresztül, valamint, hogy Ön hogyan gyakorolhatja adatvédelmi jogait.
Ha további információkat szeretne megtudni arról, hogy a DoubleVerify hogyan kezeli a nyilvánosan elérhető webhelyeinken gyűjtött Személyes Adatokat, kérjük, olvassa el a
Webhelyeinkre és a marketingre vonatkozó adatvédelmi nyilatkozatunkat
.
Ha Ön DoubleVerify Megoldásokat használ, és további információkat szeretne kapni arról, hogy a DoubleVerify hogyan kezeli a jelentéstételi eszközeinken keresztül gyűjtött Személyes Adatokat, kérjük, olvassa el
Jelentéstételi eszközökre vonatkozó adatvédelmi nyilatkozatunkat
.
Gyorslinkek
Javasoljuk, hogy a teljes körű tájékozódás érdekében olvassa el a jelen Megoldások Adatvédelmi Nyilatkozatot. Annak érdekében azonban, hogy megkönnyítsük Önnek a jelen Megoldások Adatvédelmi Nyilatkozat egyes részeinek megtalálását és áttekintését, azt a következő szakaszokra osztottuk fel:
Ki az a DoubleVerify?
Mi a szerepünk, illetve melyek az adatkezelés céljai és jogalapja?
Milyen adatokat gyűjtünk és milyen célokból?
Hogyan használjuk fel az általunk gyűjtött adatokat?
Hogyan és kivel közöljük az adatokat?
Mennyi ideig őrizzük meg a Személyes Adatokat?
Hogyan védjük a Személyes Adatokat?
Hogyan történik a Személyes Adatok nemzetközi továbbítása?
Milyen jogok illetik meg Önt?
További közzétételek
Használja-e a DoubleVerify a mesterséges intelligenciát?
Irányadó jog
Frissítjük a jelen Megoldások Adatvédelmi Nyilatkozatot?
Melyek a DoubleVerify elérhetőségei?
1. Ki az a DoubleVerify?
A DoubleVerify akkreditált platformjai független digitális médiamérést, adatokat és elemzéseket nyújtanak a hirdetések (vagy „reklámok”) megjelenítéséről és a webhelyek forgalmáról, hogy segítsenek a hirdetőknek, ügynökségeknek és a hirdetési készletet értékesítőknek (együttesen „
Ügyfelek
”) megerősíteni a pontos megjelenítési jellemzőket, beleértve a márkabiztonságot, a megtekinthetőségi mérőszámokat, a kontextuális és környezeti paramétereket (például a webhelyet, amelyen a hirdetés megjelenik, és a weboldalon való megjelenés helyét), a hirdetés megjelenítésének és a webhely forgalmának minőségi jellemzőit, és olyan betekintést nyújtanak, amely lehetővé teszi az Ügyfeleink számára, hogy megalapozott döntéseket hozhassanak kreatív anyagaik és márkájuk elhelyezéséről.
Hiszünk abban, hogy erős adatvédelmet kell nyújtanunk minden olyan személynek, akinek adatait bármilyen minőségben kezeljük – mivel úgy gondoljuk, hogy a magánélet védelme alapvető jog, nem pedig olyasvalami, aminek attól kell függenie, hogy Ön hol él. Ennek az elvnek megfelelően minden olyan adatot, amely egy azonosított vagy azonosítható személyre vonatkozik vagy hozzá köthető, „Személyes adatként” kezelünk, az adott személy tartózkodási helyétől függetlenül. A Megoldásainkkal kapcsolatban a DoubleVerify az általunk gyűjtött adatokat olyan adatokra korlátozza, amelyek további információk nélkül nem teszik lehetővé valamely személy azonosítását. Például, a DoubleVerify kezeli az Ön Internet Protokoll („IP”) címét, amely egy olyan szám, amelyet az internet használatakor automatikusan hozzárendelnek egy számítógéphez. Bár az ilyen adatokat a DoubleVerify Személyes adatokként kezeli a bevált gyakorlatokkal és az irányadó jogszabályokkal összhangban, ezeket az adatokat soha nem kombináljuk egyéb olyan adatokkal, amelyek lehetővé tennék számunkra, hogy azonosítsuk azt a személyt, akire az információ vonatkozik.
A Megoldások Adatvédelmi Nyilatkozat célja, hogy tájékoztassa a következőkről azokat a magánszemélyeket, akiknek az adatait a Megoldásainkon keresztül kezelhetjük („
Végfelhasználó(k)
” vagy „
Ön
” és „
Öné
”): (1) a DoubleVerify milyen típusú információkat gyűjthet Önről vagy az Ön eszközéről, amikor egy általunk elemzett hirdetés eljuttatásra kerül Önhöz egy Ön által megtekintett webhelyen vagy egy Ön által használt alkalmazásban, (2) az adatvédelmi gyakorlatunkról, arról, hogy miként használhatjuk, oszthatjuk meg és kezelhetjük egyébként a Személyes Adatnak minősülő információkat, és (3) arról, hogy melyek az Ön jogai az ilyen Személyes Adatokkal kapcsolatban. A jelen Megoldások Adatvédelmi Nyilatkozat azt is ismerteti, hogy milyen nem személyes információkat („
Technikai információk
”) gyűjtünk az általunk nyomon követett hirdetésekről, és hogy miként használjuk fel ezeket a Technikai információkat a Megoldásaink működtetéséhez.
2. Mi a szerepünk, illetve melyek az adatkezelés céljai és jogalapja?
A DoubleVerify csalás azonosítási és megszüntetési („
Csalás Megszüntetése
”) és földrajzi megfelelőségi ellenőrzési („
Földrajzi Ellenőrzés
”) Megoldása szükségessé teszi a Személyes Adatok kezelését. Az alábbiakban ismertetett korlátozott körülmények kivételével, a jogszabályok és előírások, például az Általános Adatvédelmi Rendelet (General Data Protection Regulation, „
GDPR
”) értelmében a DoubleVerify „adatkezelőként” működteti a Csalás Megszüntetése funkciót, és „adatfeldolgozóként” a Földrajzi Ellenőrzés funkciót. A Kaliforniai fogyasztói adatvédelmi törvény (California Consumer Privacy Act, „
CCPA
”) és más USA-beli állami szabályozói keretrendszerek értelmében az általunk alkalmazott megnevezés az egyes Ügyfelekkel fennálló tényleges kapcsolat függvényében változhat. Mivel az általunk kezelt Személyes Adatokat technológiánk gyűjti, és azokat Ügyfeleink „bocsátják rendelkezésünkre”, a CCPA értelmében általában „szerződéses vállalkozóként”, illetve más USA-beli állami jogszabályok és szabályozási keretrendszerek értelmében „adatfeldolgozóként” működünk.  A fentiekben foglaltak ellenére, korlátozott körülmények között, amennyiben a Személyes Adatokat egyedi fejlesztésű integrációkon és egyéb nem szabványos eszközökön keresztül osztják meg a DoubleVerify vállalattal, például amikor az ilyen Személyes Adatokat az Ügyfél gyűjti és bocsátja rendelkezésre a DoubleVerify részére elemzés céljából, mi „adatfeldolgozónak” vagy „szolgáltatónak” is minősülhetünk a CCPA alapján.  Ez a forgatókönyvet leggyakrabban a közösségi médián belül működő Ügyfeleinkkel, és más, védett környezeteket üzemeltető Ügyfeleinkkel fenntartott partneri együttműködésünk körén belül alkalmazzuk, amelyekre gyakran „fallal körülvett kertekként” hivatkoznak.
A Csalás Megszüntetése – beleértve a megjelenítések szabványos iparági gyakorlatnak (pl. a Médiaértékelési Tanács irányelveinek) megfelelő minősítéséhez szükséges eseteket is – és a Földrajzi Ellenőrzés kivételével a DoubleVerify egyéb Megoldásai (pl. láthatóság, márkabiztonság és alkalmasság) általában nem igénylik Személyes Adatok kezelését. Bizonyos körülmények között azonban, például olyan esetekben, amikor „fallal körülvett kertekként” működő Ügyfelek számára biztosítjuk ezeket a Megoldásokat, ezek az Ügyfelek, adatkezelői minőségükben eljárva, megkövetelhetik a DoubleVerify-tól, hogy további adatkezelési tevékenységet végezzen a Végfelhasználókhoz, illetve az Ügyfél környezetein belül fiókokat és tartalmakat létrehozó személyekhez kapcsolódó Személyes adatokat érintően. Ilyen esetben, az Ügyfelek határozzák meg a kezelni kívánt Személyes adatok körét, és adatkezelői minőségükben eljárva, ugyancsak az Ügyfelek határozzák meg, egyoldalú döntésük alapján, az érintett Személyes adatok kezelését indokolttá tévő jogalapot.  Ha további információkat szeretne megtudni ezen Ügyfelek adatvédelmi gyakorlatairól, a kezelt Személyes adatokról, valamint az adatkezelés jogalapjáról, tekintse meg az egyes Ügyfelek megfelelő adatvédelmi nyilatkozatait vagy közleményeit. Amennyiben a DoubleVerify-tól információkat kér ezen programokról, alapszintű információkat tudunk ugyan nyújtani Önnek az ezen Ügyfelek számára végzett tevékenységünkről, ám inkább azt javasoljuk, hogy vegye fel a kapcsolatot az érintett Ügyféllel, vagy tekintse meg a felületein közzétett adatvédelmi közleményeket.
Az olyan jogszabályok, mint például a GDPR értelmében a DoubleVerify jogalapját a Személyes Adatok Megoldásainkon keresztül történő kezelése tekintetében a következő jogos érdekek képezik: (i) Ügyfeleink jogos érdeke a hirdetésekkel kapcsolatos csalások elkerülésével és a Végfelhasználók számára földrajzi szempontból pontos és megfelelő információk bemutatásával kapcsolatban, (ii) a Végfelhasználók jogos érdeke a csalásmentes, földrajzi szempontból pontos és megfelelő információkhoz való hozzájutással kapcsolatban, valamint (iii) a nyilvánosság jogos érdeke a szabad internet folyamatos elérhetőségével kapcsolatban.
A DoubleVerify részt vesz az IAB átláthatósági és hozzájárulási keretrendszerében (TCFv2.2 – Beszállítói azonosító: 126), és az adatgyűjtés alapjául jogos érdekeink szolgálnak a következő célokból:
Biztonság garantálása, csalás megelőzése és felderítése, valamint hibák kijavítása (1. különleges cél)
Hirdetés és tartalom megjelenítése és bemutatása (2. különleges cél)
Adatvédelmi választási lehetőségek mentése és kommunikálása (3. különleges cél)
Hirdetések teljesítményének mérése (7. cél)
Szolgáltatások fejlesztése és javítása (10. cél)
Korlátozott esetekben az IAB európai átláthatósági és hozzájárulási keretrendszeréért felelős jogi személy azon ingatlan területén, ahol a DoubleVerify Megoldások működnek, Földrajzi Ellenőrzésünket hozzájárulástól teheti függővé. Ezen nagyon korlátozott esetekben a hozzájárulás a következőkre vonatkozik:
Korlátozott adatok használata a hirdetések kiválasztásához (2. cél)
Hirdetések teljesítményének mérése (7. cél)
Szolgáltatások fejlesztése és javítása (10. cél)
3. Milyen adatokat gyűjtünk és milyen célokból?
A DoubleVerify a Megoldások nyújtására, karbantartására és fejlesztésére irányuló üzleti céljainak megvalósítása érdekében gyűjti és használja a Személyes adatok és a Technikai információk bizonyos kategóriáit. A DoubleVerify megoldásokon keresztül kezelt Személyes adatok és Technikai információk kategóriáit az alábbiakban ismertetjük. Amennyiben a DoubleVerify Megoldás egy vagy több funkciójának működéséhez Személyes adatokra van szükség, az ilyen Személyes adatokat kizárólag az alább ismertetett konkrét célokra használjuk fel, hacsak jogszabály másként nem rendelkezik. Emellett bizonyos körülmények között szükséges lehet a Személyes adatok bizonyos Technikai információkkal együtt történő kezelésére, hogy a DoubleVerify Megoldások megfelelően működjenek. Minden ilyen esetben a kombinált adatok Személyes adatnak minősülnek, és ennek megfelelően védettek. Soha nem kombináljuk, elemezzük vagy bővítjük az általunk kezelt Személyes adatokat és Technikai információkat további információkkal a Végfelhasználók azonosítása céljából. Soha nem követjük Önt vagy online tevékenységeit az alkalmazások és weboldalak között vagy időben, nem támaszkodunk olyan tartós technológiákra, mint például a harmadik féltől származó sütik, és soha nem hozunk létre profilokat vagy közönségcsoportokat, hogy célzottan egyénekre irányítsuk.
A DoubleVerify Megoldások működtetéséhez gyűjtött és felhasznált Technikai információk kategóriái:
Hirdetési kampány attribútumok – A hirdetéseket nyújtó hirdető azonosítóit, a kampányát és az elhelyezés-azonosítókat, a hirdetőnek vagy bármely közvetítő hirdetési platformnak a készletet értékesítő médiatermék azonosítóit az általunk kiszolgált Ügyfél azonosítása, az Ügyfél megfelelő beállításainak alkalmazása, az Ügyfelek jelentéseinek ezen azonosítók szerinti szegmentálás és az Ügyfél irányában történő számlázás érdekében gyűjtjük és kezeljük.
Webtartalom-attribútumok – Gyűjtjük annak az oldalnak/keretnek a webcímét (URL), ahová a hirdetés érkezik, valamint a hivatkozó oldalak/keretek címét, hogy a hirdetések abban a megfelelő kontextusban érkezzenek meg, amelyet Ügyfelünk a rendszerünkben a profilbeállításokban megadott.
Mobilalkalmazás attribútumok – A mobilalkalmazás neve, a mobilalkalmazás azonosítója, az alkalmazás áruháza, az alkalmazás fejlesztője, az alkalmazás csillagos minősítése, az alkalmazás életkori besorolása és egyéb nyilvánosan elérhető információk arról a mobilalkalmazásról, ahová a hirdetést továbbítjuk. Ezeket az információkat annak biztosítására használjuk, hogy biztosítsuk a hirdetések olyan megfelelő kontextusban történő kézbesítését, amelyet Ügyfelünk a rendszerünkben lévő profilbeállításokban állított be.
Digitális környezet attribútumok – A reklámot fogadó csatlakoztatott eszköz típusa: mobil, asztali számítógép, csatlakoztatott TV vagy más eszköz, a böngésző típusa és verziója, amelyet a reklám megjelenítéséhez használtak, valamint az operációs rendszer, amelyeket annak meghatározása érdekében gyűjtünk, hogy a kódunk melyik verziója futna megfelelően az adott környezetben, és hogy megfelelő módon mérjük, hogy a reklámnak volt-e lehetősége arra, hogy a képernyőn láthatóvá váljon a környezetenként eltérő ipari szabványoknak megfelelően.
Megtekinthetőségi attribútumok – Gyűjtjük a hirdetés helyét az oldalon, a hirdetés méretét, a képernyő méretét, a nézetablak méretét, a lap fókuszának állapotát, a böngésző fókuszának állapotát, a hirdetésnek a weboldal megtekinthető részén töltött időtartamát és a weboldal görgetési pozícióját, annak meghatározása és az Ügyfeleinknek történő jelentése céljából, hogy a hirdetésnek volt-e lehetősége a képernyőn való megjelenésre.
Expozíciós és elkötelezettségi attribútumok – Azokat az adatokat, amelyek azt mutatják, hogy a hirdetésre rákattintottak, azt áthúzták, rákoppintottak vagy megérintették, átméretezték, kihagyták, elnémították, szüneteltették, forgatták, lebegtetették vagy módosították a terjedelmét, azért gyűjtjük, hogy Ügyfeleinknek segítsünk a hirdetés, a hirdetési kampány vagy a médiatermék teljesítményének a mérésében.
A Csalás megszüntetése működtetéséhez gyűjtött és felhasznált adatok kategóriái:
Felhasználjuk az álnevesített elektronikus jelenlétet és eszközazonosítókat – azaz az IP-címet, a felhasználói ügynök karakterláncot vagy e két érték származékos adatait – annak felmérése érdekében, hogy az online jelenlét vagy eszköz részt vesz-e csalárd rendszerben vagy kapcsolódik-e ahhoz.
A Földrajzi ellenőrzés működtetéséhez gyűjtött és felhasznált adatok kategóriái:
Gyűjtjük az álnevesített elektronikus jelenlétet és eszközazonosítókat – az IP-címet – a hozzájuk kapcsolódó földrajzi hely meghatározásához. Minden IP-címhez egy ország tartozik, az Egyesült Államokon belül pedig egészen az irányítószámig terjedő, pontosabb információkkal is társítható. Soha nem gyűjtjük pontos földrajzi helymeghatározási adatait.
Korlátozott esetekben egyes Ügyfelek, mint például a „fallal körülvett kert(ek)ként” működő Ügyfelek megkövetelhetik a DoubleVerify-tól, hogy Megoldásai működőképességeinek biztosítása érdekében, további Személyes adatkezelési tevékenységet is végezzen. Az ilyen kiegészítő Személyes adatok egyaránt vonatkozhatnak a Végfelhasználókra, vagy az ilyen „fallal körülvett kerteken” belül fiókokat létrehozó személyekre, illetve az ilyen „fallal körülvett kertekből” álló környezeteken belül közzétett tartalmakat létrehozó személyekre. Amennyiben valamely, „fallal körülvett kertként” működő Ügyfél megköveteli a DoubleVerify-tól, hogy a Megoldások működőképességének biztosítása érdekében további Személyes adatokat kezeljen, a DoubleVerify kizárólag azzal a céllal végzi el ezen Személyes adatok kezelését, hogy eleget tegyen az Ügyféllel szemben fennálló kötelezettségeinek, és szigorúan az Ügyfél utasításait követve végzi ezt a tevékenységet, amelyek szükségesnek bizonyulnak a Megoldások működtetése, fenntartása, és adott esetben fejlesztése érdekében. Szorosan együttműködünk ezen Ügyfelekkel annak biztosítása érdekében, hogy az ilyen módon kezelt Személyes adatok körét olyan Személyes adatokra korlátozzuk, amelyekre szükség van ezen célok teljesítése érdekében. Korlátozott esetekben, a zárt platformokkal („walled gardens”) való interakciók a Személyes adatokhoz való véletlen hozzáféréshez vezethet. A DoubleVerify körültekintő módon figyelemmel kíséri az ilyen eseteket annak biztosítása érdekében, hogy az ilyen Személyes adatokat a kézhezvételt követően ne kezeljék, kivéve, ha arra a rendszereinkből való biztonságos törlés céljából van szükség. Mivel ezekben az esetekben a Személyes adatok konkrét kategóriái az Ügyfél egyéni integrációjától és döntéseitől függenek, és minden egyes Ügyfél esetében eltérőek lehetnek, amennyiben további kérdései vannak, javasoljuk, hogy vegye fel a kapcsolatot az érintett Ügyféllel, vagy tekintse meg a felületein közzétett adatvédelmi közleményeket.
A Megoldások nem a gyermekek Személyes adatainak kezelésére szolgálnak és nem arra irányulnak. Tudatosan nem gyűjtünk Személyes adatokat gyermekektől, függetlenül attól, hogy ezt a fogalmat a mindenkor hatályos jogszabályok miként határozzák meg. Ha Ön szülő vagy gyám, és úgy véli, hogy gyermeke Személyes adatait a Megoldásokon keresztül kezeltük, kérjük, lépjen kapcsolatba velünk az alábbi, „
A DoubleVerify elérhetőségei
” című 13. szakaszban található információk segítségével, és mi megtesszük a szükséges lépéseket annak érdekében, hogy a gyermek Személyes adatait biztonságosan töröljük a rendszereinkből.
4. Hogyan használjuk fel az általunk gyűjtött adatokat?
A DoubleVerify kizárólag a jelen Megoldások Adatvédelmi Nyilatkozat „
Milyen adatokat gyűjtünk és milyen célokból?
” című 3. szakaszában ismertetett célokra használja fel a gyűjtött Technikai információkat és Személyes adatokat. Általánosságban a Technikai információkat és az Ön Személyes adatait azért kezeljük, hogy jelentéseket, irányítópultokat, visszajelzéseket és betekintéseket („
Jelentések
”) nyújtsunk az Ügyfeleinknek. A DV formátumú jelentéseket anonimizáljuk és összesítjük, vagy – amennyiben a megjelenítési szintű információkra van szükség – minden egyes megjelenítést megfosztunk az azonosítóktól annak biztosítása érdekében, hogy az Ön személyes adatait soha nem osszuk meg az Ügyfelekkel. A fentiekben foglaltak ellenére, a „fallal körülvett kertként” működő Ügyfelek (például a közösségi médiavállalatok), és a szóban forgó jelentéseket felhasználó Ügyfelek (például a közösségi médiaoldalakon hirdető vállalatok) részére készült jelentések magukban foglalhatják azon személyek adatait, akik fiókokat hoznak létre ezen „fallal körülvett kertekben”, illetve azon személyek adatait, akik az ilyen, „fallal körülvett kerteken” belül közzétett tartalmakat létrehozzák. A jelen szakasz további betekintést nyújt abba, hogy a Technikai információkat és az Ön Személyes adatait hogyan kezeljük a jelen Megoldások Adatvédelmi Nyilatkozat 3. szakaszában meghatározott üzleti célok elérése érdekében.
A DoubleVerify a 3.1. szakaszban meghatározottak szerint a Megoldásokon keresztül gyűjtött Technikai információkat a következő módokon használja fel:
A hirdetések megjelenési kontextusának, minőségének, hitelességének és teljesítményének elemzésére és jelentésére. Konkrétan olyan információk, amelyek azt mutatják meg, hogy a megjelenített hirdetés megfelel-e az Ügyfél előre beállított jogi és elhelyezési követelményeinek, valamint az Ügyfél által a rendszerünkben létrehozott preferencia-beállításoknak.
A megjelenítési lehetőségekkel kapcsolatos betekintés és megelőző döntés nyújtására. A DoubleVerify technológia elemzi a megjelenítési lehetőség adatjellemzőit és meghatározza, hogy az Ügyfél hirdetése megjeleníthető-e vagy sem, például annak megállapításával, hogy a környező tartalom nem felel meg az adott Ügyfél márkaépítésének és preferenciáinak.
A DoubleVerify a Csalás megszüntetése működtetése érdekében a 3.1. és 3.2. szakaszban meghatározottak szerint a Megoldásokon keresztül gyűjtött Technikai információkat és Személyes adatokat a következőkre használja fel:
Azoknak a konkrét hirdetési megjelenítéseknek a felülvizsgálatára és azonosítására, amelyek csalárdak, mivel azokat robotok által vezérelt, nem emberi böngészők generálják.
Az érvénytelen forgalom, például a hirdetési injektorok által generált forgalom, az adatközpontokból származó forgalom, a hamisan ábrázolt forgalom, az emulált forgalom és az érvénytelen forgalom egyéb típusainak értékelésére és azonosítására.
A hamis forgalommal rendelkező és/vagy csalárd reklámmegjelenéseket generáló weboldalak, mobil és csatlakoztatott eszközalkalmazások és médiatermékek elemzésére és azonosítására.
A csalárd reklámtevékenységben részt vevő weboldalak forgalmi mintáinak azonosítására.
A robotok által vezérelt, nem emberi böngészők által generált forgalom és az emberi böngészők által generált forgalom megkülönböztetésére.
Annak megállapítására, hogy az elemzett hirdetések megfelelnek-e az alkalmazandó jogi követelményeknek és az Ügyfeleink által meghatározott preferenciáknak.
Annak megállapítására, hogy egy közvetítő szoftver megpróbálja-e meghamisítani a működési jellemzőit, hogy megakadályozza a csalás vagy más érvénytelen forgalom azonosítását.
Annak megállapítására, hogy a weboldal-forgalom vagy a hirdetési megjelenítések nem emberi böngészési tevékenységből, hanem egy szerverfarmról származnak-e.
Annak megállapítására, hogy a forgalmat csalárd módon vagy más, az Ügyfél útmutatóinak vagy preferenciáinak nem megfelelő forgalomszerzési gyakorlatok révén szerzik-e meg.
A csalárd módszerekkel és a nem ember által generált forgalommal kapcsolatos IP-címek és felhasználói ügynök karakterláncok nyilvántartásának létrehozására („Csalási táblázatok”). Mivel ezek az adatpontok nem emberi interakciókhoz kapcsolódnak, nem minősülnek Személyes adatoknak.
A DoubleVerify a Földrajzi ellenőrzés működtetése érdekében a 3.3. szakaszban meghatározottak szerint a Megoldásokon keresztül gyűjtött Technikai információkat és Személyes adatokat a következőkre használja fel:
Magas szinten (ország, állam, régió, vagy amerikai lakosok esetében irányítószám szerint) értékeli a Végfelhasználó földrajzi elhelyezkedését, és ellenőrzi, hogy a Végfelhasználó az Ügyfél kampány- vagy forgalmi beállításain belül található-e.
Amennyiben valamely, „fallal körülvett kertként” működő Ügyfél megköveteli a DoubleVerify-tól, hogy a Megoldások működőképességének biztosítása érdekében további Személyes adatokat kezeljen, a DoubleVerify kizárólag azzal a céllal végzi el ezen Személyes adatok kezelését, hogy eleget tegyen az Ügyféllel szemben fennálló kötelezettségeinek, és szigorúan az Ügyfél utasításait követve végzi ezt a tevékenységet, amelyek szükségesnek bizonyulnak a Megoldások működtetése, fenntartása, és adott esetben fejlesztése érdekében. Amennyiben további kérdései vannak, javasoljuk, hogy vegye fel a kapcsolatot az érintett Ügyféllel, vagy tekintse meg a felületein közzétett adatvédelmi közleményeket.
5. Hogyan és kivel közöljük az adatokat?
A DoubleVerify nem adja át Személyes adatait harmadik feleknek, kivéve, ha az az üzleti céljainkhoz, a Megoldásaink működtetéséhez, karbantartásához és fejlesztéséhez feltétlenül szükséges. Amennyiben önkéntesen megosztunk bármilyen Személyes adatot, biztosítjuk, hogy a címzettek olyan módon védjék azokat, amely összhangban van a saját szabályzatainkkal és szabványainkkal.
Az Ön Személyes adatait megoszthatjuk a következőkkel:
Szolgáltatók – olyan vállalatok, amelyekkel szerződést kötöttünk, hogy a fent leírt célokból és jogalapok szerint olyan szolgáltatásokat nyújtsanak a számunkra, mint az IT- és rendszergazdai, infrastrukturális és tárhely-szolgáltatások, kutatási és elemzési, támogatási és minőségbiztosítási, biztonsági és egyéb szolgáltatások. Szolgáltatóink listáját, valamint azt, hogy milyen Személyes adatokat kapnak meg és milyen célból, úgy kérheti el, ha kapcsolatba lép velünk. Az elérhetőségi adatokat a jelen Megoldások Adatvédelmi Nyilatkozat „
A DoubleVerify elérhetőségei
” című 13. szakaszában találja.
Társvállalatok – például anyavállalat, testvérvállalatok, leányvállalatok, közös vállalkozások vagy más, közös irányítás alatt álló vállalatok, a Megoldásaink üzemeltetéséhez, karbantartásához és fejlesztéséhez szükséges mértékben. Társvállalataink listáját, valamint azt, hogy milyen Személyes adatokat kapnak meg és milyen célból, úgy kérheti el, ha kapcsolatba lép velünk. Az elérhetőségi adatokat a jelen Megoldások Adatvédelmi Nyilatkozat „
A DoubleVerify elérhetőségei
” című 13. szakaszában találja.
Ügyfeleink által igénybe vett Harmadik felek – Ügyfeleink támogatása érdekében Megoldásainkat integrálhatjuk az Ügyfeleink által igénybe vett egyéb eszközökbe és szolgáltatásokba, hogy továbbfejlesztett szolgáltatásokat és jelentéstételi képességeket nyújtsunk. Semmilyen körülmények között sem kapunk olyan adatokat ezekből az integrációkból, amelyek lehetővé teszik a DoubleVerify számára adataink bővítését és a Végfelhasználók azonosítását. Korlátozott esetekben megoszthatjuk a megjelenítés szintű információkat az Ügyfeleink által megbízott vállalatokkal, hogy a marketing hatékonyságára vonatkozó kutatásokat végezzenek. Korlátozott körülmények között Ügyfeleink arra utasíthatnak minket, hogy osszunk meg bizonyos Személyes adatokat, amelyek egy nem a DoubleVerify által kezelt termék vagy szolgáltatás működésének lehetővé tételéhez szükségesek.
Vállalati tranzakcióban részt vevő Harmadik felek – abban az esetben, ha a DoubleVerify-t felvásárolják vagy összeolvad egy másik vállalattal, illetve átszervezés, megszűnés vagy más alapvető vállalati változás esetén.
Jogilag kötelesek lehetünk az Ön Személyes adatait közzétenni:
(a) Ha egy kormányzati szerv, bíróság, bűnüldöző vagy szabályozó hatóság kötelez a közzétételre (például egy folyamatban lévő vizsgálat, idézés, hasonló jogi folyamat vagy eljárás részeként);
(b) Ha bármely alkalmazandó jogszabály, előírás vagy szabályzat egyébként előírja; és
(c) Ha jóhiszeműen úgy véljük, hogy az ilyen közzététel szükséges jogaink vagy mások jogainak védelméhez vagy megóvásához, egy nyomozásban való közreműködéshez vagy illegális tevékenység megelőzéséhez.
A Csalási táblázatok és más, a Csalás megszüntetésével kapcsolatos jelentések, adatfolyamok, API-k és irányítópultok, amelyek nem tartalmaznak Személyes adatokat, megoszthatók az Ügyfelekkel és más harmadik felekkel, vagy elérhetővé tehetők számukra, beleértve például iparági szervezeteket, amennyiben ez szükséges a DoubleVerify üzleti céljainak megvalósításához, azaz a Megoldásaink Csalás megszüntetésére vonatkozó részének biztosításához, karbantartásához és fejlesztéséhez, valamint a hirdetési csalások elleni küzdelemhez.
Nem osztjuk meg az Ön Személyes adatait az Ügyfeleinkkel. A Jelentési portálunkon keresztül az Ügyfelek számára elérhetővé tett jelentések és elemzések anonimak, azaz nem tartalmaznak Személyes adatokat. A jelentések általában összesítettek, de korlátozott körülmények között megjelenítés szintű jelentéseket biztosítunk Ügyfeleink számára FTP végpontokon vagy API-kon keresztül, feltéve, hogy ezek a jelentések nem tartalmaznak Személyes adatokat. Megoszthatjuk a névtelen, összesített formátumú vagy nyers formában lévő Technikai információkat harmadik felekkel, amennyiben azt szükségesnek tartjuk a Megoldások biztosításával, karbantartásával és fejlesztésével kapcsolatos üzleti céljaink megvalósításához. Ezen túlmenően, üzleti tevékenységünk szokásos működése során anonim vagy azonosítóktól megfosztott adatokat oszthatunk meg összesített formában; például esettanulmányok és jelentések közzététele céljából, hogy bemutassuk a Megoldásaink előnyeivel és teljesítményével kapcsolatos trendeket.
Az egyértelműség kedvéért a DoubleVerify nem közöl Személyes Adatokat olyan szervezetekkel, amelyek „vállalkozásként” vagy „harmadik félként” működnek a CCPA-hoz hasonló jogszabályok szerint.
6. Mennyi ideig őrizzük meg a Személyes Adatokat?
A DoubleVerify a Megoldásokon keresztül kezelt Személyes adatokat csak addig őrizzük meg, ameddig az a jelen Megoldások Adatvédelmi Nyilatkozatban meghatározott célok megvalósításához szükséges, de semmiképpen sem tovább, mint negyvenöt (45) nap. Ezen időszak leteltével a Személyes adatokat biztonságosan töröljük a DoubleVerify rendszereiből.
A Csalási táblázatok határozatlan ideig megőrizhetők a Csalás megszüntetése Megoldás megfelelő működésének a biztosítása érdekében.
A Technikai információkat, mivel anonim jellegűek, a DoubleVerify határozatlan ideig, illetve addig őrizheti meg, ameddig a DoubleVerify szabályzatai másként nem rendelkeznek, és ameddig azt az alkalmazandó jogszabályok, valamint a DoubleVerify és az Ügyfelei közötti megállapodások lehetővé teszik.
7. Hogyan védjük a Személyes Adatokat?
A DoubleVerify megfelelő technikai, fizikai és szervezési intézkedéseket hajtott végre a Személyes adatok véletlen vagy jogellenes megsemmisítésével, illetve véletlen elvesztésével, károsodásával, megváltoztatásával, jogosulatlan közlésével vagy az azokhoz való hozzáféréssel, illetve a jogellenes adatkezelés minden más formájával szembeni védelme érdekében. Bár a Személyes adatok védelme érdekében követjük az általánosan elfogadott szabványokat és a legjobb gyakorlatokat, a tárolás vagy továbbítás egyetlen módszere sem 100%-osan biztonságos. Azonban folyamatosan dolgozunk azon, hogy fejlesszük az óvintézkedéseinket és biztonságban tartsuk az Ön Személyes adatait.
8. Hogyan történik a Személyes Adatok nemzetközi továbbítása?
Kérjük, vegye figyelembe, hogy az általunk gyűjtött Személyes adatokat az Ön államán, tartományán, országán vagy más joghatóságon kívül található szerverekre vagy adatbázisokba továbbíthatjuk és azokon tárolhatjuk. Bár az Ön Személyes adatai egy helyi ideiglenes adatközponton keresztül továbbításra kerülhetnek a Megoldások hatékonyságának és gyors reagálásának biztosítása érdekében, a DoubleVerify a Megoldásokon keresztül gyűjtött összes Személyes adatot végső soron az Egyesült Államokban tárolja. Globális vállalatként az Egyesült Államokban, az Egyesült Királyságban, Franciaországban, Belgiumban, Finnországban, Németországban, Izraelben, Kanadában, Mexikóban, Brazíliában, Japánban, Indiában, Szingapúrban és Ausztráliában találhatók irodáink. Ezen helyszíneken dolgozó munkatársainknak szükségük lehet az Ön Személyes adataihoz való hozzáférésre a Megoldásaink támogatása érdekében. Ezen helyszínek némelyikén – mint például az Egyesült Államokban – az adatvédelem szintje alacsonyabb lehet, mint az Európai Unióban vagy más, szigorú adatvédelmi jogszabályokat és előírásokat foganatosító joghatóságokban.
Intézkedéseket teszünk annak érdekében, hogy az Ön Személyes adatait biztonságosan tároljuk, megfelelve az európai uniós vállalkozásokra vonatkozó adatvédelmi és biztonsági előírásoknak. Arról is gondoskodunk, hogy az Ön Személyes adatainak bármely más címzettje megfelelő szintű védelmet és biztonságot nyújtson, például a megfelelő viszonossági megállapodások megkötésével, valamint szükség esetén általános szerződési feltételek, illetve az Európai Bizottság vagy más illetékes szabályozó hatóság által jóváhagyott alternatív adattovábbítási mechanizmus alkalmazásával. A DoubleVerify jelen Adatvédelmi Nyilatkozatban leírt adatvédelmi gyakorlata megfelel az APEC határokon átnyúló adatvédelmi szabályok (Cross Border Privacy Rules, CBPR) rendszerének és az adatfeldolgozók adatvédelmi elismerési rendszerének (Privacy Recognition for Processors, PRP). Az APEC CBPR-rendszer és az APEC PRP-rendszer kereteket biztosít a szervezetek számára a résztvevő APEC-gazdaságok között továbbított személyes adatok védelmének biztosítása érdekében. Az APEC-keretekről további információk
itt
találhatók. Ha bármilyen kérdése van azzal kapcsolatban, hogy hol tároljuk a Személyes adatokat, a jelen Globális Adatvédelmi Nyilatkozat „
A DoubleVerify elérhetőségei
” című 13. szakaszában leírtak szerint léphet kapcsolatba velünk.
Ezenkívül a DoubleVerify Inc. és leányvállalatai, az Outrigger Media, Inc. (amely OpenSlate néven végzi üzleti tevékenységét) , Scibids Technology Inc., és a Zentrick Inc. („DoubleVerify”) megfelelnek az EU-USA Adatvédelmi Keretrendszernek (EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, „EU-USA DPF”), az EU-USA DPF Egyesült Királyság Általi Kiterjesztésének (UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF) és a Svájc-USA Adatvédelmi Keretrendszernek (Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, „Svájc-USA DPF”) az Egyesült Államok Kereskedelmi Minisztériuma által meghatározottak szerint. A DoubleVerify tanúsította az Egyesült Államok Kereskedelmi Minisztériuma felé, hogy betartja az EU-USA Adatvédelmi Keretrendszer Alapelveit (EU-USA DPF Alapelvek) az Európai Unióból kapott személyes adatok kezelésére vonatkozóan az EU-USA DPF alapján, az Egyesült Királyságból (és Gibraltárból) kapott személyes adatok kezelésére vonatkozóan pedig az EU-USA DPF Egyesült Királyság Általi Kiterjesztése alapján. A DoubleVerify tanúsította az Egyesült Államok Kereskedelmi Minisztériuma felé, hogy betartja a Svájc-USA Adatvédelmi Keretrendszer Alapelveit (Svájc-USA DPF Alapelvek) a Svájcból kapott személyes adatok kezelésére vonatkozóan a Svájc-USA DPF alapján.  Ha ellentmondás merül fel a jelen adatvédelmi szabályzat feltételei és az EU-USA DPF Alapelvek és/vagy a Svájc-USA DPF Alapelvek között, az Alapelveket kell irányadónak tekinteni.  Ha többet szeretne megtudni az Adatvédelmi Keretrendszer (DPF) programról, és meg szeretné tekinteni tanúsítványunkat, kérjük, látogasson el a https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/ oldalra.
A DoubleVerify felel a kapott személyes adatok kezeléséért a DPF alapján, majd ezt követően a nevében megbízottként eljáró harmadik félnek történő továbbításért.  A DoubleVerify betartja a DPF Alapelveket a személyes adatoknak az EU-ból, az Egyesült Királyságból és Svájcból történő minden továbbítása esetén, beleértve az adattovábbításért való felelősségre vonatkozó rendelkezéseket is.
A Szövetségi Kereskedelmi Bizottság rendelkezik hatáskörrel a DoubleVerify vállalatnak az EU-USA DPF, az EU-USA DPF Egyesült Királyság Általi Kiterjesztése és a Svájc-USA DPF rendelkezéseinek való megfelelése vonatkozásában. Bizonyos helyzetekben a DoubleVerify vállalatot kötelezhetik arra, hogy a hatóságok jogszerű kéréseire válaszul személyes adatokat közöljön, beleértve a nemzetbiztonsági vagy bűnüldözési előírások teljesítését is.
Az EU-USA DPF, az EU-USA DPF Egyesült Királyság Általi Kiterjesztése és a Svájc-USA DPF rendelkezéseinek megfelelően a DoubleVerify kötelezettséget vállal arra, hogy az általunk kapott személyes adatoknak az EU-USA DPF, az EU-USA DPF Egyesült Királyság Általi Kiterjesztése és a Svájc-USA DPF alapján általunk történő kezelésére vonatkozó meg nem oldott panaszokat az USA-ban székhellyel rendelkező alternatív vitarendezési szolgáltató, a TRUSTe hatáskörébe utalja.  Ha nem kap időben visszaigazolást tőlünk a DPF Alapelvekkel kapcsolatos panaszáról, vagy ha a DPF Alapelvekkel kapcsolatos panaszát nem kezeltük kielégítően, kérjük, látogasson el a https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request oldalra további információkért vagy panasz benyújtása érdekében.  Ezek a vitarendezési szolgáltatások ingyenesek az Ön számára.
A DPF megfelelőséggel kapcsolatos, bármely más DPF mechanizmus által nem megoldott panaszok esetén Önnek lehetősége van bizonyos feltételek mellett kötelező erejű választottbírósági eljárást indítani. További információk a hivatalos DPF webhelyen találhatók.
9. Milyen jogok illetik meg Önt?
Bizonyos joghatóságokban a Végfelhasználókat adatvédelmi érintetti jogok illethetik meg, amelyek lehetővé teszik számukra, hogy a Személyes adataikkal kapcsolatban kérelmeket nyújtsanak be. A legtöbb joghatóság biztosítja a Végfelhasználók számára azt a jogot is, hogy tájékoztatást kapjanak arról, hogy a Személyes adatokat hogyan gyűjtik, hogyan használják fel, kivel osztották meg vagy kinek hozták nyilvánosságra, valamint milyen célból. A DoubleVerify Megoldások Adatvédelmi Nyilatkozat célja, hogy megfeleljen minden ilyen követelménynek, de ha további kérdései vannak, vagy szeretné jobban megérteni, hogyan gyűjtöttük, használtuk fel, illetve kivel osztottuk meg vagy ki számára tettük közzé az Ön Személyes adatait, és hogy miért, kérjük, lépjen kapcsolatba velünk az alábbi, „
A DoubleVerify elérhetőségei
” című 13. szakaszban leírtak szerint.
Az Európai Gazdasági Térség, az Egyesült Királyság, Svájc vagy Kalifornia lakosai – többek között – számos joggal rendelkeznek az alkalmazandó adatvédelmi jogszabályok és előírások szerint, például a GDPR és a CCPA alapján. Ezen jogok gyakorlásához használhatja
ezt az Űrlapot
, vagy kapcsolatba léphet velünk az alábbi, „
A DoubleVerify elérhetőségei
” című 13. szakaszban leírtak szerint. Bizonyos jogszabályokkal és előírásokkal, például a CCPA-val összhangban Ön kijelölhet egy meghatalmazottat is, hogy az Ön nevében kérelmet nyújtson be vagy egy jogot gyakoroljon. Nem fogjuk hátrányosan megkülönböztetni Önt vagy megtorlást alkalmazni a jogai gyakorlása miatt.
E jogok a következők:
Az Önről tárolt bármely Személyes adathoz való hozzáférés joga, beleértve a személyes adatok kategóriáira és konkrét elemeire vonatkozó információkat.
Az Önről tárolt pontatlan Személyes adatok helyesbítéséhez való jog. Kérjük, tartsa szem előtt, hogy az általunk gyűjtött Személyes adatok jellegéből és a gyűjtés módjából adódóan nagyon valószínűtlen, hogy olyan Személyes adatokkal rendelkeznénk, amelyek pontatlanok, vagy amelyek megfelelnének a helyesbítést szükségessé tévő körülményeknek.
Az Önről tárolt Személyes adatok DoubleVerify általi törlésének kérelmezéséhez való jog.
A jogosultság arra, hogy kérje az Önre vonatkozó Személyes adatok kezelésének felfüggesztését vagy korlátozását egy bizonyos időre, például amíg Ön megvizsgálja, hogy vannak-e más jogai, amelyeket gyakorolni szeretne.
Amennyiben az Ön Személyes adatainak kezelése jogos érdeken alapul, Ön jogosult tiltakozni az ilyen adatkezelés ellen.
Amennyiben Személyes Adatait az Ön hozzájárulása alapján kezelik, ezen hozzájárulásának az IAB Európai Átláthatósági és Hozzájárulási Keretrendszeren (IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework) keresztül történő visszavonásának joga.
A lehető legteljesebb mértékben teljesítünk a Végfelhasználóval kapcsolatos minden kérést, feltéve, hogy a Végfelhasználót össze tudjuk kapcsolni a rendszereinkben tárolt Személyes adatokkal. Bizonyos körülmények között azonban a kérelem teljesítéséhez szükség lehet az Ön személyazonosságának ellenőrzésére. Személyazonosságának igazolása vagy a kérelem terjedelmének megértése érdekében Önre vonatkozó további információkat kérhetünk. Egy kérelem benyújtásához vagy teljesítéséhez nem kell fiókot létrehoznia nálunk. Meg kell adnia egy e-mail címet, hogy kommunikálni tudjunk Önnel és támogatni tudjuk a kérelmét, valamint minden olyan információt, amelyre szükségünk lehet annak ellenőrzéséhez, hogy rendelkezünk-e Önre vonatkozó Személyes adatokkal. Kérjük, vegye figyelembe, hogy előfordulhatnak olyan körülmények, amelyek miatt nem tudjuk teljesíteni a kérelmét, de ha nem tudjuk teljesíteni a kérelmét, elmagyarázzuk annak okát. Amennyiben nem rendelkezünk semmilyen Önre vonatkozó Személyes adattal, erről tájékoztatni fogjuk. Minden tőlünk telhetőt megteszünk annak érdekében, hogy minden megkeresésre és kérelemre a lehető leghamarabb válaszoljunk, de kérjük, hogy hagyjon a válaszadásra legfeljebb harminc (30) napot.
Amennyiben a DoubleVerify az alkalmazandó jogszabályokban meghatározottak szerinti „adatfeldolgozóként”, „szerződéses vállalkozóként” vagy „szolgáltatóként” jár el, előfordulhat, hogy Önnek a jogai gyakorlására vonatkozó kérelmeit az „adatkezelőként” vagy „vállalkozásként” eljáró adott Ügyfélhez kell intéznie.
10. További közzétételek
Bizonyos adatvédelmi jogszabályok és előírások, mint például a CCPA, előírják a vállalkozások számára, hogy közzétegyék, értékesítenek-e Személyes adatokat. A DoubleVerify nem közöl Személyes Adatokat olyan módon, amely Kalifornia, Virginia, Nevada államok jogszabályai vagy hasonló jogszabályok szerint „értékesítésnek” vagy „megosztásnak” minősülne.
11. Használja-e a DoubleVerify a mesterséges intelligenciát?
A DoubleVerify a mesterséges intelligenciát (Artificial Intelligence, “AI”) különböző minőségben és módokon használja fel a szervezeten belül. Bár a DoubleVerify AI technológiákat használ, nem alkalmazunk a vonatkozó adatvédelmi jogszabályokban és előírásokban említett „automatizált döntéshozatalt”.
12. Irányadó jog
Amennyiben alkalmazható, és amennyiben az irányadó jogszabályok és előírások lehetővé teszik, a jelen Megoldások Adatvédelmi Nyilatkozatra Delaware állam belső jogszabályai az irányadók, és azoknak megfelelően kell értelmezni, továbbá bármilyen jogvita esetén Delaware állam joghatósága alapján ezen állam bíróságai jogosultak eljárni.
13. Frissítjük a jelen Megoldások Adatvédelmi Nyilatkozatot?
Időről időre frissíthetjük a jelen Megoldások Adatvédelmi Nyilatkozatot, hogy tükrözzük a Megoldásainkban, gyakorlatainkban, szabályzatainkban, illetve az egyéb belső vagy külső változásokban bekövetkezett változásokat, valamint, hogy megfeleljünk az új jogi előírásoknak. Minden változást közzéteszünk, amint azok hatályba lépnek. Ha frissítéseket hajtunk végre, frissíteni fogjuk a jelen Megoldások Adatvédelmi Nyilatkozat elején szereplő „hatálybalépés” dátumát, hogy Ön megtudhassa, mikor történtek a változások. Az ilyen frissítésekről való tájékozódás érdekében javasoljuk, hogy rendszeresen olvassa el a jelen Megoldások Adatvédelmi Nyilatkozatot.  Felhívjuk figyelmét, hogy a jelen Megoldások Adatvédelmi Nyilatkozat bármely fordítása kizárólag arra szolgál, hogy megkönnyítse az Ön információkhoz való hozzáférését. Az angol nyelvű változat a jelen Megoldások Adatvédelmi Nyilatkozat egyetlen hivatalos változata, és a fordításban előforduló pontatlanságok vagy eltérések nem bírnak kötelező erővel és nem rendelkeznek jogi hatással a megfelelés vagy a végrehajtás szempontjából.
14. Melyek a DoubleVerify elérhetőségei?
Ha bármilyen kérdése, aggálya vagy észrevétele van a jelen Megoldások Adatvédelmi Nyilatkozattal kapcsolatban, vagy úgy véli, hogy Személyes adatait olyan módon használták fel, amely nincs összhangban az Adatvédelmi Nyilatkozattal vagy az Ön választásaival, lépjen kapcsolatba az Adatvédelmi csapatunkkal a következő címen:
Adatvédelmi tisztviselő (adatvédelmi csoport) elérhetőségi adatai
DoubleVerify Inc.
462 Broadway
New York, NY 10013
privacy-policy@doubleverify.com
Ha olyan megoldatlan adatvédelmi vagy adathasználati aggálya merült fel, amelyet nem kezeltünk kielégítően, kérjük, forduljon az egyesült államokbeli harmadik fél vitarendezési szolgáltatónkhoz (ingyenesen) a
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
címen. Elkötelezettek vagyunk amellett, hogy méltányos megoldást találjunk minden olyan panaszra vagy aggályra, amely az Ön adatvédelmével vagy a jelen Megoldások Adatvédelmi Nyilatkozattal kapcsolatban felmerülhet. Ha azonban úgy véli, hogy nem tudtunk Önnek segíteni, a jelen Megoldások Adatvédelmi Nyilatkozatban semmi sem korlátozza vagy próbálja korlátozni az Ön alkalmazandó jogszabályok szerinti jogait, beleértve azt a lehetőséget, hogy – a lakóhelye szerinti országtól függően – panaszt nyújtson be a helyi adatvédelmi hatósághoz vagy más, az adatvédelemmel kapcsolatos ügyekben illetékes hatósághoz.
Gildistökudagur: 28. júní 2024
Yfirlit
DoubleVerify Inc., ásamt alþjóðlegum dótturfélögum sínum (sameiginlega „
DoubleVerify
“, „
við
“, „
okkur
“ eða „
okkar
“), er leiðandi fyrirtæki í að veita gagnsæi og ábyrgð í auglýsingum á netinu. DoubleVerify notar ýmsa tækni til að safna upplýsingum um auglýsingar á netinu, umferð á vefsíður, umferð um farsímaforrit og tengda umferð tækis til að skila gagnsæi á sviði auglýsinga og afhenda ábyrgðarvörur og lausnir (sameiginlega „
lausnir
“). Þessi persónuverndartilkynning („
persónuverndartilkynning
fyrir
lausnir
“) útskýrir hver við erum, hvernig við söfnum, notum og deilum persónuupplýsingum í gegnum lausnir okkar, svo og hvernig þú getur nýtt persónuverndarrétt þinn.
Ef þú vilt frekari upplýsingar um hvernig DoubleVerify vinnur með persónuupplýsingar sem safnað er á vefsíðum okkar sem almenningur hefur aðgang að, vinsamlegast skoðaðu
persónuverndartilkynningu vefsíðna og markaðssetningar
.
Ef þú notar lausnir DoubleVerify og þú vilt fá frekari upplýsingar um hvernig DoubleVerify vinnur úr persónuupplýsingum sem safnað er með skýrslutólum okkar, vinsamlegast skoðaðu
persónuverndartilkynningu skýrslutóla
.
Hraðtenglar
Við mælum með því að þú lesir þessa persónuverndartilkynningu fyrir lausnir í heild sinni til að tryggja að þú sért að fullu upplýst/ur. Hins vegar, til að auðvelda þér að finna og skoða tiltekna hluta þessarar persónuverndartilkynningar fyrir lausnir, höfum við henni skipt upp í eftirfarandi hluta:
Hvað er DoubleVerify?
Hvert er hlutverk okkar, markmið og lagagrundvöllur vinnslunnar?
Hvaða gögnum söfnum við og í hvaða tilgangi?
Hvernig notum við gögnin sem við söfnum?
Hvernig og með hverjum deilum við gögnum?
Hversu lengi geymum við persónuupplýsingar?
Hvernig er öryggi persónuupplýsinga tryggt?
Hvernig eru persónuupplýsingar fluttar á milli landa?
Hver eru réttindi þín?
Viðbótarupplýsingar
Notar DoubleVerify gervigreind?
Gildandi lög
Uppfærum við þessa persónuverndartilkynningu lausna?
Hvernig er hægt að hafa samband við DoubleVerify?
1. Hvað er DoubleVerify?
Viðurkenndir verkvangar DoubleVerify veita óháða mælingu á stafrænu efni, gögn og greiningu á afhendingu og birtingu auglýsinga og umferð á vefsvæði, til að hjálpa auglýsendum, auglýsingastofum og auglýsingasöluaðilum (saman kallað „
viðskiptavinir
“) að staðfesta nákvæm sendingareinkenni, þar með talið öryggi vörumerkis, gefa mælikvarða á sýnileika, samhengis- og umhverfismælingar (til dæmis vefsíðuna þar sem auglýsingin birtist á og staðurinn þar sem hún birtist á vefsíðunni), birting auglýsinga og gæðaeinkenni á umferð vefsíðu og veita innsýn sem gerir viðskiptavinum okkar kleift að taka upplýstar ákvarðanir um staðsetningu á sköpun þeirra og vörumerki.
Við skuldbindum okkur til að veita þeim einstaklingum sem fela okkur gögn sín til vinnslu öfluga persónuvernd – við teljum að persónuvernd sé grundvallarréttur einstaklina en ekki eitthvað sem ætti að ráðast af því hvar þú býrð. Til að standa við þá meginreglu, vinnum við úr öllum gögnum sem tengjast eða eru tengd við auðkenndan eða auðkennanlegan einstakling sem „persónuupplýsingar“, óháð staðsetningu viðkomandi. Hvað varðar lausnir okkar þá takmarkar DoubleVerify allar upplýsingar sem við söfnum við upplýsingar sem leyfa ekki auðkenningu einstaklings án viðbótarupplýsinga. T.d. meðhöndlar DoubleVerif IP-töluna þína („IP“), sem er tala sem sjálfkrafa er úthlutuð tölvu þegar netið er notað. Þó að DoubleVerify meðhöndli slíkar upplýsingar sem persónuupplýsingar í samræmi við fyrirmyndarstarfshætti og gildandi lög, munum við aldrei sameina þær upplýsingar við önnur gögn sem gera okkur kleift að auðkenna viðeigandi einstakling.
Þessari persónuverndartilkynningu fyrir lausnir er ætlað að upplýsa þá einstaklinga sem eiga gögn sem kunna að vera meðhöndluð í sambandi við lausnir okkar („
endanlegur/endanlegir notandi/notendur
“ eða „
þú
“ og „
þitt
“) um: (1) tegundir af upplýsingum sem DoubleVerify gæti safnað um þig eða tækið þitt þegar auglýsing sem greind er af okkur er send til þín á vefsíðu sem þú ert að skoða eða í forriti sem þú ert að nota, (2) persónuverndarreglur okkar, hvernig við getum notað, deilt og unnið úr að öðru leyti upplýsingum sem teljast persónuupplýsingar og (3) hver réttur þinn er varðandi slíkar persónuupplýsingar. Þessi persónuverndartilkynning um lausnir útskýrir einnig hvaða upplýsingar sem ekki eru persónulegar („
tæknilegar upplýsingar
“) við söfnum um auglýsingarnar sem við fylgjumst með og hvernig við notum þessar tæknilegar upplýsingar til að knýja lausnir okkar.
2. Hvert er hlutverk okkar, markmið og lagagrundvöllur vinnslunnar?
Lausnir DoubleVerify fela í sér greiningu og útrýmingu á svikastarfsemi („
útrýming á svikastarfsemi
“) og sannprófun á landfræðilegi fylgni („
landfræðileg sannprófun
“) sem krefjast vinnslu persónuupplýsinga. Nema í takmörkuðum kringumstæðum sem lýst er hér að neðan, með tilliti til laga og reglugerða eins og almennu persónuverndarreglugerðarinnar („
GDPR
“), rekur DoubleVerify Fraud útrýmingu á svikastarfsemi sem „ábyrgðaraðili“ og Geo Verification sem „vinnsluaðili“. Samkvæmt lögum Kaliforníu um persónuvernd neytanda (California Consumer Privacy Act, „
CCPA
“) og öðrum bandarískum fylkisreglum getur tilgreint hlutverk okkar verið ólíkt eftir sambandi okkar við sérhvern viðskiptavin. Þar sem persónuupplýsingunum sem við vinnum með er safnað með tækni okkar og þær „gerðar aðgengilegar“ okkar viðskiptavinum af okkur, störfum við almennt sem „verktaki“ samkvæmt CCPA eða sem „vinnsluaðili“ samkvæmt öðrum bandarískum lögum og reglum.  Þrátt fyrir framangreint gætum við talist vera „vinnsluaðili” eða „þjónustuveitandi“ við takmarkaðar aðstæður þar sem persónuupplýsingum er miðlað til DoubleVerify í gegnum sérhannaðar samþættingar og eftir öðrum óstöðluðum hætti, til dæmis þegar slíkum persónuupplýsingum er safnað af viðskiptavinum og þær sendar til greiningar hjá DoubleVerify.   Þessi atburðarás er algengust í viðskiptasambandi við samfélagsmiðla viðskiptavini og aðra viðskiptavini sem reka eigin verkvangi sem oft eru kallaðir „veggjaður garður“.
Að undanskilinni útrýmingu á svikastarfsemi, þar á meðal eftir því sem þörf krefur til að meta birtingar í samræmi við staðlaðar starfsvenjur í viðkomandi grein (t.d. viðmiðunarreglur Media Ratings Council), og landfræðilegri sannprófun, krefjast aðrar lausnir DoubleVerify (svo sem sýnileiki, öryggi vörumerkja og hæfi) almennt ekki vinnslu á persónuupplýsingum. Hinsvegar eru kringumstæður þar sem við kunnum að bjóða slíkar lausnir til viðskiptavina sem reka „veggjaða garða“ þar sem viðskiptavinirnir, í hlutverki sínu sem ábyrgðaraðilar kunna að þarfnast þess að DoubleVerify meðhöndli aukalegar persónuupplýsingar um endalega notendur eða einstaklinga sem stofna til reikninga og búa til efni á verkvangi viðskiptavina okkar. Í slíkri atburðarás eru það viðskiptavinirnir sem ákveða hvaða persónuupplýsingar eru meðhöndlaðar af viðskiptavinum, sem í hlutverki sínu sem ábyrgðaraðilar ákveða einnig, lagalegan grundvöll fyrir meðhöndlun slíkra persónuupplýsinga. Fyrir frekari upplýsingar um persónuverndarvenjur þessara viðskiptavina, persónuupplýsingar sem meðhöndlaðar eru og gildandi lagalegan grundvöll fyrir slíkri meðhöndlum skalt þú skoða viðeigandi og gilda persónuverndarstefnu eða yfirlýsingu viðeigandi viðskiptavinar. Ef þú hefur samband við DoubleVerify varðandi þessi atriði getum við veitt ákveðnar grundvallarupplýsingar um vinnuna sem við vinnum fyrir þessa viðskiptavini en við mælum með að þú hafir samband við viðeigandi viðskiptavin til að skoða persónuverndargögnin sem þeir birta á eigin síðum.
Hvað varðar lög á borð við GDPR er lagalegur grundvöllur DoubleVerify fyrir vinnslu persónuupplýsinga í gegnum lausnir okkar fólginn í lögmætum hagsmunum: (i) viðskiptavina okkar til að forðast auglýsingatengd svik og kynna landfræðilega nákvæmar og samhæfar upplýsingar fyrir endanlegum notendum, (ii) endanlegra notenda til að fá svikalausar og landfræðilega nákvæmar og samræmdar upplýsingar og (iii) almennings af því að fá áframhaldandi aðgang að ókeypis neti.
DoubleVerify tekur þátt í IAB gagnsæis- og samþykkisrammanum (TCFv2.2 – Vendor ID 126) og við notum lögmæta hagsmuni sem grundvöll fyrir gagnasöfnun í eftirfarandi tilgangi:
Tryggja öryggi, koma í veg fyrir og uppgötva svik og laga villur (sérstakur tilgangur 1)
Veita og kynna auglýsingar og efni (sérstakur tilgangur 2)
Vista og miðla valkostum um persónuvernd (sérstakur tilgangur 3)
Mæla árangur auglýsinga (tilgangur 7)
Þróa og bæta þjónustu (Tilgangur 10)
Í takmörkuðum tilfellum kann aðilinn sem hefur umsjón með IAB gagnsæis- og samþykkisrammanum fyrir Evrópu á eigninni þar sem DoubleVerify Solutions starfar gera landfræðilega sannprófun okkar háð samþykki. Í þessum mjög takmörkuðu tilfellum myndi samþykki taka til þess að:
Nota takmörkuð gögn til að velja auglýsingar (tilgangur 2)
Mæla árangur auglýsinga (tilgangur 7)
Þróa og bæta þjónustu (Tilgangur 10)
3. Hvaða gögnum söfnum við og í hvaða tilgangi?
DoubleVerify, til að sinna rekstrarlegum tilgangi sínum að veita, viðhalda og bæta lausnir sínar, safnar og notar ákveðna flokka persónuupplýsinga og tæknilegar upplýsingar. Flokka persónuupplýsinga og tæknilegra upplýsinga sem unnið er úr í gegnum lausnir DoubleVerify er að finna hér að neðan. Að svo miklu leyti sem persónuupplýsinga er krafist við rekstur eins eða fleiri eiginleika lausna DoubleVerify verða slíkar persónuupplýsingar aðeins notaðar í þeim sérstaka tilgangi sem lýst er hér að neðan, nema lög kveði á um annað. Auk þess kann í sumum tilvikum að vera nauðsynlegt að vinna úr persónuupplýsingar í tengslum við tæknilegar upplýsingar svo að lausnir DoubleVerify virki rétt. Í öllum slíkum atvikum eru sameinuð gögn taldar persónuupplýsingar og varin í samræmi við það.  Við sameinum aldrei, greinum eða bætum persónuupplýsingar og tæknilegar upplýsingar sem við vinnum úr með viðbótarupplýsingum með það að markmiði að bera kennsl á notendur. Við fylgjumst aldrei með þér eða starfsemi þinni á netinu í gegnum forrit og vefsíður eða með tímanum, við treystum ekki á viðvarandi tækni eins og vafrakökur frá þriðja aðila og við búum aldrei til notandalýsingar eða markhópa til að miða á einstaklinga.
Flokkar tæknilegra upplýsinga sem safnaðar eru og notaðar til að knýja áfram lausnir DoubleVerify:
Eiginleikar auglýsingaherferða – Auðkenni auglýsanda sem skilar auglýsingu, herferð hennar og staðsetningarauðkenni, auðkenni fjölmiðlaeignar sem selur birgðir til auglýsanda eða milliliður auglýsingaverkvangs er safnað og unnið úr til að bera kennsl á viðskiptavininn sem við erum að þjónusta, til að beita réttum stillingu fyrir viðskiptavininn, til að hluta niður skýrslur viðskiptavinar samkvæmt þessum auðkennum og innheimta viðskiptavininn.
Eiginleikar vefefnis – Vefslóð (URL) síðu/ramma þar sem auglýsingin er afhent, og vistfang allra tilvísunarsíðna/ramma er safnað til að tryggja að auglýsingar séu afhentar í réttu samhengi sem viðskiptavinur okkar hefur stillt í stillingum notandalýsingar í kerfinu okkar.
Eiginleikar farsímaforrita – Heiti farsímaforritsins, auðkenni farsímaforrits, app verslun, hönnuður forritsins, stjörnugjöf forritsins, aldursflokkun forritsins og aðrar upplýsingar sem eru aðgengilegar opinberlega um farsímaforritið þar sem auglýsingin er afhent. Þessar upplýsingar eru notaðar til að tryggja að auglýsingar séu afhentar í réttu samhengi sem viðskiptavinur okkar hefur stillt í stillingum notandalýsingar í kerfinu okkar.
Eiginleikar stafræns umhverfis – Tegund tengdra tækja sem auglýsingin er send til: farsími, tölva, tengt sjónvarps eða annað tæki, tegund vafrans og útgáfa sem notuð er til að gera síðuna þar sem auglýsingin birtist og stýrikerfið er safnað til að ákvarða hvaða útgáfa kóðans okkar myndi henta í því umhverfi og til að mæla á réttan hátt ef auglýsingin hefði tækifæri til að verða sýnileg á skjánum í samræmi við iðnaðarstaðla sem eru breytilegir á milli umhverfa.
Eiginleikar sýnileika – Staðsetning auglýsingarinnar á síðunni, stærð auglýsingarinnar, stærð skjásins, stærð glugga, áherslustaða flipa, áherslustaða vafra, tímalengdin sem auglýsingin var í sýnilegum hluta á vefsíðunni og yfirlitsstaða vefsíðunnar er safnað til að ákvarða og tilkynna til okkar viðskiptavinar hvort auglýsingin hafi fengið tækifæri til að vera sýnileg á skjánum.
Eiginleikar útsetningar og þátttöku – Gögn sem sýna hvort smellt var á auglýsinguna, pikkað eða snert, stærð hennar breytt, sleppt, þaggað, gert hlé, snúið, hitað eða breytt hljóðstyrk er safnað til að hjálpa okkar viðskiptavini að mæla árangur af auglýsingunni, auglýsingarherferðinni eða fjölmiðlaeigninni.
Gagnaflokkar sem safnað er og nota til að knýja áfram útrýmingu á svikastarfsemi:
Rafræn viðvera undir dulnefni kennimerki tækis – þ.e. IP-tala, strengur notanda eða afleiður af samsetningu þessara tveggja gilda – er notuð til að meta hvort viðvera á netinu eða tæki taki þátt í eða tengist sviksamlegu kerfi.
Gagnaflokkar sem safnað er og notað til að knýja áfram landfræðilega sannprófun:
Rafræn viðvera undir dulnefni og kennimerki tækis – IP-tala – er notuð til að ákvarða tengda landfræðilega staðsetningu. Hver IP-tala  tengist landi og, innan Bandaríkjanna, getur verið tengt nákvæmari upplýsingum niður í póstnúmer. Nákvæmum landfræðilegri staðsetningu er aldrei safnað um þig.
Í takmörkuðum kringumstæðum getur DoubleVerify farið fram á að ákveðnir viðskiptavinir sínir sem reka „veggjaða garða“ meðhöndli aukalegar persónuupplýsingar til að virkja lausnir DoubleVerify. Slíkar aukalegar persónuupplýsingar geta tengst endalegum notendum, einstaklingum sem búa til reikninga innan slíkra „veggjaðra garða“ eða einstaklinga sem búa til efni sem er birt innan umhverfis slíkra „veggjaðra garða“. Að því leyti sem viðskiptavinir DoubleVerify sem reka „veggjaða garða“ fara fram að DoubleVerify meðhöndli aukalegar upplýsingar til að virkja ákveðnar lausnir, mun DoubleVerify meðhöndla slíkar persónuupplýsingar aðeins í þeim tilgangi að uppfylla skyldur sínar gagnvart viðskiptavininum og aðeins í sambandi við leiðbeiningar viðskiptavinar til að reka og þar sem við á bæta lausnirnar. Við vinnum ötullega með þessum viðskiptavinum til að tryggja að persónuupplýsingarnar séu takmarkaðir við persónuupplýsingar sem eru nauðsynlegar til að ná þessum markmiðum. Við takmarkaðar aðstæður geta samskipti okkar við „veggjaða garða“ leitt til tilfallandi móttöku persónuupplýsinga. DoubleVerify vinnur ötullega að því að fylgjast með slíkum tilvikum til að tryggja að slíkar persónuupplýsingar séu ekki unnar umfram móttöku nema til að hreinsa þær út á öruggan hátt úr kerfum okkar. Þar sem slíkar persónuupplýsingar, eru eftir atvikum háðar sérsniðnum samþættingum og ákvörðunum viðskiptavinar og eru breytilegar á milli viðskiptavina, ef þú ert með frekari spurningar mælum við með að þú hafir samband við viðeigandi viðskiptavin og skoðir persónuverndargögnin sem þeir birta á síðum sínum.
Lausnunum er ekki ætlað eða beint að vinnslu persónuupplýsinga barna. Við söfnum ekki persónuupplýsingum frá börnum á vísvitandi hátt, samkvæmt gildandi skilgreiningu á því hugtaki í lögum. Ef þú ert foreldri eða forráðamaður og telur að persónuupplýsingar barnsins þíns hafi verið unnar í gegnum lausnirnar skaltu hafa samband við okkur með því að nota upplýsingarnar í hluta 13 „
Hvernig á að hafa samband DoubleVerify
“ hér að neðan og við munum gera ráðstafanir til að eyða persónuupplýsingum þeirra á öruggan hátt úr kerfunum okkar.
4. Hvernig notum við gögnin sem við söfnum?
DoubleVerify notar aðeins tæknilegar upplýsingar og persónuupplýsingar sem safnað er í þeim tilgangi sem lýst er í hluta 3, „
Hvaða gögnum söfnum við og í hvaða tilgangi?
“, í þessari persónuverndartilkynningu fyrir lausnir. Almennt eru tæknilegar upplýsingar og persónuupplýsingar þínar unnar til að veita skýrslugjöf, mælaborð, endurgjöf og innsýn („
skýrslugerð
“) til viðskiptavina okkar. Allar DV skýrslur, sama á hvaða sniði þær eru, eru nafnlausar og samanlagðar, eða að því marki sem upplýsingar um birtingarstig er krafist, hver birting er afgreind til að tryggja að persónuupplýsingum þínum sé aldrei deilt með viðskiptavinum. Þrátt fyrir það sem kemur fram hér að framan kunna skýrslur sem gerðar eru fyrir viðskiptavini sem reka „veggjaða garða“ (t.d. fjölmiðlafyrirtæki) og aðra viðskiptavini sem reiða sig á slíkar skýrslur (t.d. fyrirtæki sem auglýsa á samfélagsmiðlum) að innihalda upplýsingar um einstaklinga sem stofa reikninga á slíkum „veggjuðum görðum“ eða einstaklinga sem búa til efni sem er birt í umhverfi slíkra „veggjaðra garða“. Þessi hluti veitir frekari innsýn í hvernig tæknilegar upplýsingar og persónuupplýsingar þínar eru unnar til að ná fram þeim rekstrarlega tilgangi sem tilgreindur er í kafla 3 í þessari persónuverndartilkynningu fyrir lausnir .
DoubleVerify notar tæknilegar upplýsingar sem safnað er í gegnum lausnirnar, eins og tilgreint er í kafla 3.1, á eftirfarandi hátt:
Til að greina og skýra frá því samhengi sem auglýsingar birtast í, gæði þeirra, áreiðanleika og frammistöðu. Sérstaklega, upplýsingar sem sýna hvort auglýsing sé birt er í samræmi við fyrirfram stilltar lagalegar og staðsetningartengdar kröfur viðskiptavinar sem og kjörstillingar sem viðskiptavinurinn hefur framkvæmt í kerfinu okkar.
Að styðja við innsýn og framkvæma fyrirbyggjandi ákvarðanir á tækifæri til birtinga. Tækni DoubleVerify greinir gagnaeiginleika birtingatækifæris og ákvarðar hvort C auglýsing viðskiptavinar ætti að vera birt eða ekki, til dæmis með því að ákvarða að aðliggjandi efni sé ekki í samræmi við vörumerki viðkomandi viðskiptavinar og kjörstillingar.
DoubleVerify, til að knýja áfram útrýmingu á svikastarfsemi, notar tæknilegar upplýsingar og persónuupplýsingar sem safnað er í gegnum lausnirnar, eins og tilgreint er í hluta 3.1 og 3.2, til:
Að skoða og bera kennsl á auglýsingabirtingar sem eru sviksamlegar því þær eru myndaðar af bota-stýrðum vöfrum ekki af mönnum.
Meta og bera kennsl á ógilda umferð, til dæmis umferð sem mynduð er af auglýsingaaðilum, umferð sem á uppruna sinn í gagnamiðstöðvum, umferð sem er rangfærð, hermuð umferð og aðrar tegundir af ógildri umferð.
Að greina og bera kennsl á vefsíður, farsíma og tengd tæki og miðlunareiginleika sem hafa sviksamlega umferð og/eða skapa sviksamlegar auglýsingabirtingar.
Að bera kennsl á umferðarmynstur á vefsíðum sem taka þátt í sviksamlegri auglýsingastarfsemi.
Að greina á milli umferðar sem myndast með yrkis-stýrðum ómannlegum vöfrum og mannlegum vöfrum.
Að ákvarða hvort auglýsingar sem greindar eru fylgja gildandi lagaskilyrðum og kjörstillingum settum af okkar viðskiptavinum.
Ákvarða hvort millibúnaður sé að reyna að koma með rangar upplýsingar um rekstrareiginleika þess til að koma í veg fyrir svik eða aðra ógilda umferð.
Ákvarða hvort umferð á vefsíðu eða auglýsingabirtingar eigi uppruna sinn á netþjónabúi frekar en flettingum af manna völdum.
Ákvarða hvort umferð sé aflað með sviksamlegum venjum eða með öðrum aðferðum við öflun umferðar sem eru ekki í samræmi við leiðbeiningar eða óskir viðskiptavinarins.
Að búa til skrár yfir IP-tölur og strengi notanda sem tengjast sviksamlegum kerfum og umferð sem ekki er af mannavöldum („Svikatöflur“). Vegna þess að slíkir gagnapunktar tengjast víxlverkunum sem ekki eru af mannavöldum, slíkt telst ekki vera persónuupplýsingar.
DoubleVerify, til að knýja áfram útrýmingu á svikastarfsemi, notar tæknilegar upplýsingar og persónuupplýsingar sem safnað er í gegnum lausnirnar, eins og tilgreint er í hluta 3.3:
Meta á háu stigi (land, ríki, svæði, eða fyrir bandaríska aðila, póstnúmer)  landfræðilega staðsetningu á endanlegum notanda og staðfesta hvort endanlegi notandinn sé staðsettur innan herferðar viðskiptavinar eða umferðarstillingar.
Að því leiti sem viðskiptavinir DoubleVerify sem reka „veggjaða garða“ fara fram að DoubleVerify meðhöndli aukalegar upplýsingar til að virkja ákveðnar lausnir, mun DoubleVerify meðhöndla slíkar persónuupplýsingar aðeins í þeim tilgangi að uppfylla skyldur sínar gagnvart viðskiptavininum og aðeins í sambandi við leiðbeiningar viðskiptavinar til að reka og þar sem við á bæta lausnirnar. Ef þú ert með spurningar, mælum við með að þú hafir samband við ákveðin viðskiptavin eða endurskoðun á persónuverndargögnum sem þeir gera aðgengileg á síðum sínum.
5. Hvernig og með hverjum deilum við gögnum?
DoubleVerify miðlar ekki persónuupplýsingum til þriðja aðila, nema eins og það er stranglega nauðsynlegt í rekstrarlegum tilgangi okkar til að reka, viðhalda og bæta lausnir okkar. Að því marki sem við frjálslega deilum persónuupplýsingum tryggjum við að þær séu varðar af viðtakendum í samræmi við eigin reglur okkar og staðla.
Við kunnum að deila persónuupplýsingum þínum með:
Þjónustuaðilar – fyrirtæki sem við höfum samið við til að veita okkur þjónustu á borð við UT og kerfisstjórnun, innviða- og hýsingarþjónustu, rannsóknir og greiningu, stuðning og gæðatryggingu, öryggi og aðra þjónustu, að því er varðar og samkvæmt þeim lagagrundvelli sem lýst er hér að ofan. Þú getur beðið um lista yfir þjónustuaðila okkar, hvaða persónuupplýsingar þeir fá og í hvaða skyni með því að hafa samband við okkur. Þú getur fundið samskiptaupplýsingar í hluta 13„
Hvernig á að hafa samband við DoubleVerify
“ í þessari persónuverndartilkynningu fyrir lausnir.
Hlutdeildarfélög – svo sem móðurfyrirtæki, systurfyrirtæki, dótturfélög, fyrirtæki um samrekstur eða önnur fyrirtæki undir sameiginlegri stjórn, að því marki sem nauðsynlegt er til að reka, viðhalda og bæta lausnir okkar. Þú getur beðið um lista yfir hlutdeildarfélög okkar, hvaða persónuupplýsingar þau fá og í hvaða skyni með því að hafa samband við okkur. Þú getur fundið samskiptaupplýsingar í hluta 13„
Hvernig á að hafa samband við DoubleVerify
“ í þessari persónuverndartilkynningu fyrir lausnir.
Þriðju aðilar í gegnum viðskiptavini okkar, til að styðja við viðskiptavini okkar, við gætum samþætt lausnir okkar við önnur tæki og þjónustu sem viðskiptavinir okkar taka þátt í til að skila aukinni þjónustu og skýrslugetu. Við fáum ekki undir neinum kringumstæðum gögn frá þessum samþættingum sem gera DoubleVerify kleift að bæta gögn okkar og bera kennsl á endanlega notendur. Í takmörkuðum tilvikum kunnum við að deila upplýsingum um birtingarstig með fyrirtækjum sem viðskiptavinir okkar hafa virkjað til að framkvæma rannsóknir á árangri markaðssetningar. Í takmörkuðum tilfellum kunna viðskiptavinir okkar að fara fram á að við deilum ákveðnum persónuupplýsingum sem eru nauðsynlegar fyrir virkni vöru eða þjónustu sem er ekki á framferði DoubleVerify.
Þriðju aðilar sem taka þátt í fyrirtækjaviðskiptum. Ef DoubleVerify er keypt eða sameinast öðru fyrirtæki, eða ef um endurskipulagningu, slit eða aðrar grundvallarbreytingar á fyrirtæki er að ræða.
Okkur kann að vera lagalega skylt að birta persónuupplýsingar þínar:
(a) Ef opinber aðili, gerðardómur, löggæslustofnun eða eftirlitsstofnun gerir kröfu um slíka birtingu (til dæmis sem hluti af rannsókn, stefnu, álíka málsmeðferð fyrir dómstólum eða málssókn);
(b) Eins og krafist er annars samkvæmt gildandi lögum, reglugerðum eða reglum; og
(c) Ef við teljum, í góðri trú, að slík birting sé nauðsynleg til að vernda eða verja rétt okkar eða réttindi annarra, til að aðstoða við rannsókn eða til að koma í veg fyrir ólöglega athafnir.
Svikatöflum og öðrum skýrslum tengdum útrýmingu á svikastarfsemi, gagnastreymi, API og stjórnborðum sem innihalda ekki persónuupplýsingar kann að vera deilt með eða gert aðgengilegt viðskiptavinum og öðrum þriðju aðilum, þar á meðal til dæmis stofnunum innan bransans, eins og nauðsynlegt er fyrir DoubleVerify til að sinna viðskiptum sínum í þeim tilgangi að útvega, viðhalda og bæta starfsemi okkar er varðar útrýmingu á svikastarfsemi fyrir lausnir okkar og berjast gegn auglýsingasvindli.
Við deilum ekki persónuupplýsingum þínum með viðskiptavinum okkar. Allar skýrslur og greiningar sem við gerum aðgengilegar viðskiptavinum í gegnum skýrslugáttina okkar eru nafnlausar, sem þýðir að þær innihalda ekki persónuupplýsingar. Skýrslurnar eru almennt séð teknar saman, en í takmörkuðum tilvikum er skýrsla yfir birtingarstig veitt til viðskiptavina okkar, í gegnum FTP endapunkta eða API, að því tilskildu að slíkar skýrslur innihalda ekki neinar persónuupplýsingar. Við kunnum að deila tæknilegum upplýsingum, sem eru nafnlausar, á uppsöfnuðu sniði eða í hráu formi, með þriðju aðilum eins og við teljum nauðsynlegar til að framkvæma rekstrarlegan tilgang okkar að veita, viðhalda og bæta lausnirnar. Að auki getum við deilt nafnlausum eða brengluðum gögnum á uppsafnaðan máta í venjulegum rekstri viðskipta okkar; til dæmis til að birta tilviksrannsóknir og skýrslur til að sýna þróun um ávinning og árangur lausna okkar.
Til að taka af allan vafa miðlar DoubleVerify ekki persónuupplýsingum til aðila sem starfa sem „fyrirtæki“ eða „þriðji aðili“ samkvæmt lögum eins og CCPA.
6. Hversu lengi geymum við persónuupplýsingar?
DoubleVerify varðveitir allar persónuupplýsingar sem unnar eru í gegnum lausnir sínar svo lengi sem nauðsynlegt er til að framkvæma tilganginn sem lýst er í þessari persónuverndartilkynningu og aldrei lengur en í fjörutíu og fimm (45) daga. Að loknu því tímabili eru persónuupplýsingarnar hreinsaðar á öruggan hátt úr kerfum DoubleVerify.
Svikatöflur má varðveita ótímabundið til að tryggja rétta virkni útrýmingarlausnar gegn svikastarfsemi.
Tæknilegar upplýsingar, þar sem þær eru nafnlausar í eðli sínu, geta verið varðveittar af DoubleVerify endalaust eða svo framarlega sem kveðið er á um annað í stefnu DoubleVerify og leyfðar samkvæmt gildandi lögum og samningum DoubleVerify við viðskiptavini sína.
7. Hvernig er öryggi persónuupplýsinga tryggt?
DoubleVerify hefur innleitt viðeigandi tæknilegar, efnislegar og skipulagslegar ráðstafanir til að vernda persónuupplýsingar einstaklinga gegn óviljandi eða ólöglegri eyðingu eða óviljandi tapi, skemmdum, breytingum, óheimilli birtingu eða aðgangi, ásamt öllum öðrum formum af ólögmætri vinnslu. Þó að við fylgjum almennt viðurkenndum stöðlum og bestu starfsvenjum til að vernda persónuupplýsingar þá er engin aðferð við geymslu eða sending 100% örugg. Hins vegar erum við stöðugt að vinna að því að bæta öryggi okkar og halda persónuupplýsingum þínum öruggum.
8. Hvernig eru persónuupplýsingar fluttar á milli landa?
Vinsamlegast hafðu í huga að persónuupplýsingar sem við söfnum kunna að vera fluttar til og varðveittar á þjónum eða gagnagrunnum sem staðsettir eru utan sýslu þinnar, héraðs, lands eða annarrar lögsögu. Þó að persónuupplýsingar geti verið fluttar með staðbundnum tímabundnum gagnamiðstöðum til að tryggja að lausnir séu skilvirkar og móttækilegar geymir DoubleVerify að lokum allar persónuupplýsingar sem safnað er í gegnum lausnir okkar í Bandaríkjunum. Sem alþjóðlegt fyrirtæki erum við með skrifstofur í Bandaríkjunum, Bretlandi, Frakklandi, Belgíu, Finnlandi, Þýskalandi, Ísrael, Kanada, Mexíkó, Brasilíu, Japan, Indlandi, Singapúr og Ástralíu. Starfsmenn okkar á þessum stöðum gætu þurft að fá aðgang að persónuupplýsingum þínum til að styðja við lausnir okkar. Stig gagnaverndar sem komið hefur verið fyrir á sumum þessara staða, svo sem í Bandaríkjunum, getur verið lægra en það sem komið hefur verið fyrir í Evrópusambandinu eða öðrum lögsagnarumdæmum sem hafa sett sterk lög og reglur um persónuvernd.
Við gerum ráðstafanir til að tryggja að persónuupplýsingar þínar séu geymdar á öruggan hátt hjá okkur og með því uppfylla kröfur um persónuvernd og öryggi sem gerðar eru til fyrirtækja Evrópusambandsins. Við tryggjum einnig að allir aðrar viðtakendur persónuupplýsinga þinna bjóði fullnægjandi vernd og öryggi, til dæmis með því að slá inn viðeigandi skiptisamninga og, ef þörf krefur, stöðluð samningsákvæði eða aðra aðferð til að flytja gögn eins og samþykkt er af framkvæmdastjórn Evrópusambandsins eða öðrum viðeigandi eftirlitsaðilum. Persónuverklag DoubleVerify, sem lýst er í þessari persónuverndartilkynningu, er í samræmi við APEC-persónureglur yfir landamæri (CBPR) og Persónuverndarviðurkenningu fyrir vinnsluaðila (PRP). APEC CBPR-kerfið og APEC PRP kerfið eru rammar fyrir stofnanir til að tryggja vernd persónuupplýsinga sem fluttar eru meðal þátttökulanda í APEC. Nánari upplýsingar um APEC ramma má finna
hér
. Ef þú hefur einhverjar spurningar um hvar við geymum persónuupplýsingar getur þú haft samband við okkur eins og lýst er í hluta 13 „
Hvernig á að hafa samband við DoubleVerify
“ í þessari alþjóðlegu persónuverndartilkynningu.
Að auki fylgja DoubleVerify Inc. og dótturfélög þess Outrigger Media, Inc. d/b/a OpenSlate, Scibids Technology Inc., Zentrick Inc. („DoubleVerify“), ramma ESB og Bandaríkjanna um gagnaleynd (EU-U.S. DPF), útvíkkun Bretlands á ramma ESB og Bandaríkjanna um gagnaleynd, og ramma Sviss og Bandaríkjanna um gagnaleynd (Swiss-U.S. DPF) eins og þeir eru settir fram af bandaríska viðskiptaráðuneytinu. DoubleVerify hefur staðfest við bandaríska viðskiptaráðuneytið að það fylgi meginreglum ramma ESB og Bandaríkjanna um gagnaleynd (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) hvað varðar vinnslu persónuupplýsinga sem eru mótteknar frá Evrópusambandinu á grundvelli ramma ESB og Bandaríkjanna um gagnaleynd og frá Bretlandi (og Gíbraltar) á grundvelli útvíkkunar Bretlands á ramma ESB og Bandaríkjanna um gagnaleynd. DoubleVerify hefur staðfest við bandaríska viðskiptaráðuneytið að það fylgi meginreglum ramma Sviss og Bandaríkjanna um gagnaleynd (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) hvað varðar vinnslu persónuupplýsinga sem eru mótteknar frá Sviss á grundvelli ramma Sviss og Bandaríkjanna um gagnaleynd.  Ef eitthvert misræmi er á milli skilmála þessarar persónuverndarstefnu og meginreglna ramma ESB og Bandaríkjanna um gagnaleynd og/eða the meginreglna ramma Sviss og Bandaríkjanna um gagnaleynd skulu meginreglurnar gilda.  Hægt er að fræðast nánar um áætlunina um gagnaleyndarramma (DPF) og skoða vottun okkar á https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/.
DoubleVerify ber ábyrgð á vinnslu persónuupplýsinga sem það fær, samkvæmt DPF, og flytur í kjölfarið til þriðja aðila sem starfar sem umboðsmaður fyrir þess hönd.  DoubleVerify fylgir meginreglum DPF fyrir allan flutning á persónuupplýsingum frá ESB, Bretlandi og Sviss, þar með talið með ákvæðum um ábyrgð vegna gagnaflutnings.
Alríkisviðskiptastofnun Bandaríkjanna (Federal Trade Commission) hefur lögsögu yfir því að DoubleVerify hlíti ramma ESB og Bandaríkjanna um gagnaleynd, útvíkkun Bretlands á ramma ESB og Bandaríkjanna um gagnaleynd og ramma Sviss og Bandaríkjanna um gagnaleynd. Við ákveðnar aðstæður gæti DoubleVerify þurft að afhenda persónuupplýsingar til að bregðast við lögmætum beiðnum opinberra yfirvalda, þar á meðal til að uppfylla kröfur um þjóðaröryggi eða kröfur lögreglu.
Í samræmi við ramma ESB og Bandaríkjanna um gagnaleynd, útvíkkun Bretlands á ramma ESB og Bandaríkjanna um gagnaleynd og ramma Sviss og Bandaríkjanna um gagnaleynd skuldbindur DoubleVerify sig til að vísa óleystum kvörtunum sem varða meðferð okkar á persónuupplýsingum á grundvelli ramma ESB og Bandaríkjanna um gagnaleynd, útvíkkun Bretlands á ramma ESB og Bandaríkjanna um gagnaleynd og ramma Sviss og Bandaríkjanna um gagnaleynd til úrskurðaraðila í deilumálum utan dómstóla sem er staðsettur í Bandaríkjunum.  Ef þú færð ekki tímanlega staðfestingu okkar á móttöku kvörtunar þinnar sem varðar meginreglur DPF eða ef við höfum ekki sinnt kvörtun þinni sem varðar meginreglur DPF þannig að þú teljir viðunandi, skaltu fara á https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request til að fá frekari upplýsingar eða til að leggja fram kvörtun.  Þessi deilulausnarþjónusta er veitt þér að kostnaðarlausu.
Fyrir kvartanir sem varða samræmi við DPF og ekki er leyst úr með neinum þeirra annarra aðferða sem bjóðast samkvæmt DPF hefur þú möguleika á, við ákveðnar aðstæður, að krefjast bindandi gerðardómsmeðferðar. Frekari upplýsingar er að finna á opinberri vefsíðu DPF.
9. Hver eru réttindi þín?
Notendur í tilteknum lögsagnarumdæmum geta haft réttindi skráðra aðila sem gerir þeim kleift að leggja fram beiðnir sem tengjast persónuupplýsingum sínum. Flest lögsagnarumdæmi veita endanlegum notendum einnig rétt til að fá upplýsingar um hvernig persónuupplýsingum er safnað, þær notaðar og þeim sem þeim kann að hafa verið deilt eða birtar, svo og í hvaða tilgangi. Persónuverndartilkynning um lausnir DoubleVerify er ætlað að uppfylla slíkar kröfur, en ef þú hefur einhverjar frekari spurningar eða vilt skilja betur hvernig persónuupplýsingum þínum kann að hafa verið safnað, notaðar eða þeim hefur verið deilt eða birt, og hvers vegna, vinsamlegast hafðu samband við okkur með því að nota hluta 13 „
Hvernig á að hafa samband við DoubleVerify
“ hér að neðan.
Íbúar á Evrópska efnahagssvæðinu, í Bretlandi, Sviss eða Kaliforníu, meðal annarra, hafa ýmis réttindi samkvæmt viðeigandi persónuverndarlögum og reglugerðum, svo sem samkvæmt GDPR og CCPA. Til að nýta þér þessi réttindi geturðu notað
þetta eyðublað
eða haft samband við okkur með því að nota hluta 13 „
Hvernig á að hafa samband við DoubleVerify
“ hér að neðan. Í samræmi við tiltekin lög og reglur, svo sem CCPA, getur þú einnig tilnefnt viðurkenndan fulltrúa til að leggja fram beiðni eða nýta réttindi fyrir þína hönd. Við munum ekki mismuna þér eða hefna okkur fyrir að þú nýtir rétt þinn.
Þessi réttindi eru:
Réttur til aðgangs að persónuupplýsingum sem við kunnum að varðveita um þig, þar á meðal upplýsingum um flokka og sérstakar persónuupplýsingar.
Réttur til að leiðrétta einhverjar rangar persónuupplýsingar sem við kunnum að varðveita um þig. Hafðu í huga að vegna eðlis persónuupplýsinganna sem við söfnum og aðferðar við söfnun okkar er mjög ólíklegt að við séum með persónuupplýsingar sem eru ónákvæmar eða sem uppfylla þær aðstæður sem krefjast leiðréttingar.
Réttur til að óska eftir að DoubleVerify eyði öllum persónuupplýsingum sem við varðveitum um þig.
Réttur til að óska eftir að vinnsla persónuupplýsinga um þig verði stöðvuð eða takmörkuð á ákveðinn tíma, til dæmis á meðan þú metur hvort þú hafir önnur réttindi sem þú vilt að beita.
Að því marki sem unnið er með persónulegar upplýsingar þínar á grundvelli lögmætra hagsmuna hefur þú rétt til að andmæla slíkri vinnslu.
Að því marki sem unnið er með persónuupplýsingar þínar á grundvelli samþykkis þíns, til að afturkalla slíkt samþykki í gegnum IAB gagnsæis- og samþykkisrammann fyrir Evrópu.
Að fullu mögulegu leyti uppfyllum við allar beiðnir sem tengjast endanlegum notanda að því tilskildu að við getum tengt endanlegan notanda við persónuupplýsingarnar sem við varðveitum í kerfinu okkar. Hins vegar, við vissar kringumstæður, gætum við þurft að staðfesta hver þú ert til að uppfylla beiðni. Til að staðfesta hver þú ert eða skilja umfang beiðni þinnar gætum við þurft að biðja um frekari upplýsingar um þig. Þú verður ekki krafin/n um að stofna reikning hjá okkur til að leggja fram beiðni eða láta hana verða uppfyllta. Þú verður að gefa upp netfang svo við getum haft samband við þig og stutt við beiðni þína, svo og allar upplýsingar sem við þurfum til að gera okkur kleift að staðfesta hvort við höfum einhverjar persónuupplýsingar um þig. Vinsamlegast hafðu í huga að aðstæður geta verið til staðar sem gera það að verkum að við getum ekki uppfyllt beiðni þína, en ef við getum ekki uppfyllt beiðni þína munum við útskýra ástæðu þess. Að því marki sem við geymum ekki persónuupplýsingar um þig látum við þig vita. Við leggjum okkur fram um að svara öllum fyrirspurnum og beiðnum eins fljótt og auðið er, en veittu okkur allt að þrjátíu (30) dögum til að svara.
Að því marki sem DoubleVerify gegnir hlutverki „verktaka“ eða „þjónustuaðila“, eins og það er skilgreint í gildandi lögum, gætir þú þurft að beina beiðnum þínum um að nýta rétt þinn til viðkomandi viðskiptavinar sem gegnir hlutverki sem „ábyrgðaraðili“ eða „fyrirtæki“.
10. Viðbótarbirting upplýsinga
Ákveðin persónuverndarlög og reglugerðir, svo sem CCPA, krefjast þess að fyrirtæki gefi upp hvort þau selji persónuupplýsingar. DoubleVerify birtir ekki persónuupplýsingar á þann hátt sem hefði í för með „sölu“ eða „miðlun“ samkvæmt lögum Kaliforníu, Virginíu, Nevada eða svipuðum lögum.
11. Notar DoubleVerify gervigreind?
DoubleVerify notar gervigreind („AI“) á margvíslegan hátt og með ýmsum hætti innan stofnunarinnar. Þó að DoubleVerify noti gervigreindartækni (AI), tökum við ekki þátt í „sjálfvirkri ákvarðanatöku“ eins og það er skilgreint í gildandi lögum og reglum um persónuvernd.
12. Gildandi lög
Að því marki sem við á og heimilt er í gildandi lögum og reglugerðum fellur þessi persónuverndartilkynning undir lausnir og túlkun samkvæmt innri lögum Delaware-ríkis og lögsaga og varnarþing fyrir hvers konar ágreining verður í Delaware.
13. Uppfærum við þessa persónuverndartilkynningu fyrir lausnir?
Við kunnum að uppfæra þessa persónuverndartilkynningu fyrir lausnir öðru hverju til að endurspegla breytingar á okkar lausnum, verklegi, reglum eða öðrum innri eða ytri breytingum, auk þess til að vera í samræmi við nýjar lagalegar kröfur. Allar breytingar verða birtar um leið og þær taka gildi. Ef við gera uppfærslur, munum við uppfæra „gildistökudaginn“ sem skráður er efst á þessari persónuverndartilkynningu fyrir lausnir til að hjálpa þér að skilja hvenær breytingar voru gerðar. Til að vera upplýstur um slíkar uppfærslur hvetjum við þig til að kíkja reglulega aftur á þessa persónuverndartilkynningu fyrir lausnir.  Vinsamlegast athugið að allar þýðingar á þessari persónuverndartilkynningu fyrir lausnir er eingöngu ætlað að auðvelda aðgang þinn að þessum upplýsingum. Enska útgáfan er eina opinbera útgáfan af þessari persónuverndartilkynningu fyrir lausnir og öll ónákvæmni í þýðingum eða misræmi eru ekki bindandi og hafa engin lagaleg áhrif hvað varðar reglufylgni eða framfylgd.
14. Hvernig er hægt að hafa samband við DoubleVerify?
Ef þú hefur einhverjar spurningar, áhyggjur eða athugasemdir um þessa persónuverndartilkynningu fyrir lausnir, eða telur að persónuupplýsingar þínar hafi verið notaðar á þann hátt sem er ekki í samræmi við persónuverndartilkynninguna eða val þitt, getur þú haft samband persónuverndarsvið okkar:
Persónuverndarfulltrúi / Gagnaverndarfulltrúi (Persónuverndarteymi) Samskiptaupplýsingar
DoubleVerify Inc.
462 Broadway
New York, NY 10013
privacy-policy@doubleverify.com
Ef þú ert með óleyst áhyggjuefni varðandi persónuvernd eða gögn sem við höfum ekki brugðist við á fullnægjandi hátt skaltu hafa samband við bandarískan þriðja aðila okkar til að leysa deilumál (án endurgjalds) á
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
. Við erum skuldbundin til að ná sanngjarnri lausn á þeim kvörtunum eða áhyggjum sem þú kannt að hafa um persónuvernd þína eða þessa persónuverndartilkynningu fyrir lausnir. Hins vegar, ef þú telur að við höfum ekki getað aðstoðað þig, mun ekkert í þessari persónuverndartilkynningu fyrir lausnir takmarka eða reyna að takmarka rétt þinn samkvæmt gildandi lögum, þar með talin hæfni þín, allt eftir búsetulandi þínu, til að leggja fram kvörtun til Persónuverndar á þínum stað eða annarrar stofnunar sem er með lögsögu vegna persónuverndarmála.
Data di decorrenza: 28 giugno 2024
Panoramica
DoubleVerify Inc., insieme con le proprie controllate globali (“
DoubleVerify
”, “
noi
”, “
ci
” o “
nostro/a/i/e
”) è il leader del settore in termini di garanzia di trasparenza e responsabilità nella pubblicità online. DoubleVerify utilizza varie tecnologie per raccogliere informazioni su pubblicità online, traffico di siti web, traffico di app mobili e traffico di dispositivi connessi, al fine di fornire prodotti e soluzioni di trasparenza e responsabilità pubblicitaria (collettivamente, le “
Soluzioni
”). La presente informativa sulla privacy (l’
Informativa sulla privacy per le Soluzioni
”) spiega chi siamo, come raccogliamo, utilizziamo e condividiamo le informazioni personali attraverso le nostre Soluzioni, nonché come esercitare i propri diritti sulla privacy.
Per ulteriori informazioni sulle modalità di trattamento da parte di DoubleVerify delle Informazioni personali raccolte sui nostri siti web pubblici, visitare la nostra
Informativa sulla privacy dei siti web nonché l’Informativa sulla privacy per il marketing e i siti web
.
Se si utilizzano le Soluzioni DoubleVerify e si desiderano ulteriori informazioni sulle modalità di trattamento da parte di DoubleVerify dei dati personali raccolti attraverso i nostri strumenti di reportistica, visitare la nostra
Informativa sulla privacy per gli strumenti di reportistica
.
Link rapidi
Consigliamo di leggere integralmente la presente Informativa sulla privacy per le Soluzioni per essere sicuri di essere pienamente informati. Tuttavia, per facilitare la ricerca e la lettura di parti specifiche di questa Informativa sulla privacy relativa alle Soluzioni, l’abbiamo suddivisa nelle seguenti sezioni:
Chi è DoubleVerify?
Quali sono il nostro ruolo, gli obiettivi e la base giuridica del trattamento?
Quali dati raccogliamo e per quali scopi?
Come utilizziamo i dati che raccogliamo?
Come e a chi divulghiamo i dati?
Per quanto tempo conserviamo le Informazioni personali?
Come vengono protette le Informazioni personali?
Come vengono trasferite le Informazioni personali a livello internazionale?
Quali sono i diritti dell’utente?
Divulgazioni aggiuntive
DoubleVerify usa l’intelligenza artificiale?
Legge applicabile
Aggiorneremo la presente Informativa sulla privacy per le Soluzioni?
Come è possibile contattare DoubleVerify?
1. Chi è DoubleVerify?
Le piattaforme accreditate di DoubleVerify forniscono misure indipendenti dei media digitali, dati e analisi sul numero di visualizzazioni degli annunci (o “ad”) e sul traffico del sito web, per aiutare gli inserzionisti, le agenzie e i venditori di inventario pubblicitario (collettivamente “
Clienti
”) a confermare l’esattezza delle caratteristiche di consegna degli annunci, tra cui sicurezza del marchio, parametri di visualizzabilità, parametri contestuali e ambientali (ad esempio, il sito web su cui appare un annuncio e dove l’annuncio appare sulla pagina web), caratteristiche relative alla visualizzazione degli annunci e alla qualità del traffico del sito web, e a fornire informazioni che consentano ai nostri Clienti di prendere decisioni informate su come orientare la propria creatività e il proprio marchio.
Crediamo nella possibilità di garantire forti protezioni in termini di privacy a qualsiasi individuo del quale potremmo trattare le informazioni in qualsiasi veste, perché riteniamo che la privacy sia un diritto fondamentale e non dovrebbe dipendere da dove vive l’Utente. In ottemperanza a tale principio, trattiamo tutti i dati che si riferiscono o sono collegati a un individuo identificato o identificabile come “Informazioni personali”, indipendentemente dalla posizione di tale individuo. In relazione alle nostre Soluzioni, DoubleVerify limita tutte le informazioni che raccoglie alle informazioni che non consentono l’identificazione di una persona senza ulteriori informazioni. Per esempio DoubleVerify tratta l’indirizzo del protocollo internet (“IP”) dell’Utente, ovvero un numero assegnato automaticamente a un computer quando si utilizza Internet. DoubleVerify tratta tali informazioni come Informazioni personali, in conformità con le migliori prassi nonché le leggi applicabili, ma in nessun momento le abbina ad altri dati che le consentirebbero di identificare l’individuo a cui tali informazioni si riferiscono.
L’Informativa sulla privacy per le Soluzioni ha lo scopo di informare le persone i cui dati possono essere trattati attraverso le nostre Soluzioni (“
Utente/i finale/i
” o “
Utente
” e “
suo/a/i/e
”) di: (1) i tipi di informazioni che DoubleVerify può raccogliere sull’Utente o sul suo dispositivo, quando un annuncio da noi analizzato viene mostrato su un sito web visualizzato o su un’app utilizzata dallo stesso, (2) le nostre pratiche sulla privacy, ovvero le nostre modalità di uso, condivisione e altro tipo di trattamento di informazioni considerate personali, e (3) quali sono i diritti dell’Utente in relazione a tali Informazioni personali. La presente Informativa sulla privacy per le Soluzioni spiega inoltre quali informazioni non personali (“
Informazioni tecniche
”) raccogliamo sugli annunci che monitoriamo e come utilizziamo tali Informazioni tecniche per promuovere le nostre Soluzioni.
2. Quali sono il nostro ruolo, gli obiettivi e la base giuridica del trattamento?
Le Soluzioni di DoubleVerify di identificazione ed eliminazione delle frodi (“
Eliminazione delle frodi
”) e di verifica geografica della conformità (“
Verifica geografica
”) richiedono il trattamento delle Informazioni personali. Fatta eccezione per le circostanze limitate descritte di seguito, in relazione a leggi e regolamenti come il Regolamento generale sulla protezione dei dati (“
GDPR
”), DoubleVerify gestisce l’Eliminazione delle frodi come “titolare del trattamento” e la Verifica geografica come “responsabile del trattamento”. Per quanto riguarda la Legge californiana sulla privacy dei consumatori (California Consumer Privacy Act, “
CCPA
”) e altri quadri normativi statali statunitensi, il nostro ruolo può variare a seconda dello specifico rapporto con ogni Cliente. Poiché le Informazioni personali che trattiamo sono raccolte dalla nostra tecnologia e “messe a disposizione” dai nostri Clienti, in genere operiamo come “appaltatore” ai sensi del CCPA o come “responsabile del trattamento” ai sensi di altre leggi e quadri normativi degli Stati Uniti. Fermo restando quanto precede, in alcuni casi in cui le Informazioni personali sono condivise con DoubleVerify tramite integrazioni personalizzate e altri mezzi non standard, per esempio quando vengono raccolte e sottoposte dal Cliente all’analisi da parte di DoubleVerify, possiamo essere considerati in qualsiasi momento “responsabili del trattamento” o “fornitori di servizi” ai sensi del CCPA. Questa situazione è la più frequente nelle nostre collaborazioni con i Clienti di social media o altri Clienti che gestiscono ambienti proprietari, spesso indicati come “walled garden” (piattaforme “chiuse”).
Fatta eccezione per l’Eliminazione delle frodi, compreso quanto richiesto per qualificare le impressioni secondo le pratiche standard del settore (ad esempio, le linee guida del Media Ratings Council), e la Verifica geografica, le altre Soluzioni di DoubleVerify (come la viewability, la brand safety e suitability) non richiedono in genere il trattamento di Informazioni personali. Tuttavia, ci sono casi, ad esempio, in cui potremmo fornire Soluzioni di questo tipo ai Clienti che gestiscono “walled garden”; questi Clienti, nel proprio ruolo di titolari del trattamento, potrebbero necessitare del trattamento, da parte di DoubleVerify, di Informazioni personali aggiuntive degli Utenti finali o di individui che creano account e contenuti all’interno degli ambienti dei Clienti. In una situazione di questo genere, sono i Clienti a determinare quali Informazioni personali verranno trattate nonché, a loro esclusiva discrezione, la base giuridica del trattamento delle stesse. Per ulteriori informazioni su queste prassi di privacy dei Clienti, le Informazioni personali trattate e la base giuridica applicabile al trattamento, l’Utente può consultare le pertinenti informative o dichiarazioni sulla privacy. Se l’Utente contatta DoubleVerify per chiedere informazioni su questi programmi, potremo fornirgli alcune informazioni di base sul lavoro che svolgiamo per questi Clienti, ma suggeriamo che l’Utente contatti direttamente il Cliente specifico o ne consulti la documentazione privacy che lo stesso mette a disposizione sulle sue proprietà.
Per quanto riguarda leggi come il GDPR, la base giuridica di DoubleVerify per il trattamento delle Informazioni personali attraverso le nostre Soluzioni è l’interesse legittimo di: (i) i nostri Clienti, per evitare frodi legate ad annunci pubblicitari e mostrare agli Utenti finali informazioni geograficamente accurate e conformi, (ii) gli Utenti finali nel ricevere informazioni prive di frodi e geograficamente accurate e conformi e (iii) il pubblico generale nella costante disponibilità di un Internet gratuito.
DoubleVerify partecipa allo IAB Transparency and Consent Framework (TCFv2.2 – Vendor ID 126) e utilizza il legittimo interesse come base per la raccolta dei dati per i seguenti scopi:
Garantire la sicurezza, prevenire e rilevare le frodi e correggere gli errori (Scopo speciale 1)
Consegnare e presentare pubblicità e contenuti (Scopo speciale 2)
Salvare e comunicare le scelte sulla privacy (Scopo speciale 3)
Misurare le prestazioni degli annunci (Scopo 7)
Sviluppare e migliorare i Servizi (Scopo 10)
In scenari limitati, l’ente responsabile dello IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework sulle proprietà in cui operano le Soluzioni DoubleVerify può assoggettare la nostra Verifica geografica al consenso. In tali casi molto limitati, il consenso si applicherebbe a:
Utilizzare dati limitati per selezionare la pubblicità (Scopo 2)
Misurare le prestazioni degli annunci (Scopo 7)
Sviluppare e migliorare i Servizi (Scopo 10)
3. Quali dati raccogliamo e per quali scopi?
DoubleVerify, per realizzare i propri scopi commerciali di fornire, mantenere e migliorare le proprie Soluzioni, raccoglie e utilizza determinate categorie di Informazioni personali e Informazioni tecniche. Le categorie di Informazioni personali e Informazioni tecniche trattate tramite le Soluzioni DoubleVerify sono descritte di seguito. Nella misura in cui le Informazioni personali siano necessarie per il funzionamento di una o più funzioni di una Soluzione DoubleVerify, tali Informazioni personali saranno utilizzate solo per le finalità specifiche descritte di seguito, salvo diversamente richiesto dalla legge. Inoltre, in alcune circostanze, potrebbe essere necessario trattare le Informazioni personali unitamente ad alcune Informazioni tecniche per consentire alle Soluzioni di DoubleVerify di funzionare correttamente. In tali scenari, i dati combinati sono considerati Informazioni personali e protetti di conseguenza. Non combiniamo, analizziamo o arricchiamo mai le Informazioni personali e le Informazioni tecniche che trattiamo con informazioni aggiuntive allo scopo di identificare gli Utenti finali. Non monitoriamo mai l’Utente o le sue attività online su app e siti web o nel tempo, non facciamo affidamento su tecnologie persistenti, come i cookie di terze parti, e non creiamo mai profili o gruppi di destinatari per prendere di mira determinate persone.
Categorie di informazioni tecniche raccolte e utilizzate per promuovere le Soluzioni DoubleVerify:
Attributi della campagna pubblicitaria – L’identificatore dell’inserzionista che mostra un annuncio, i suoi identificatori di campagna e posizionamento, gli identificatori della proprietà multimediale che vende l’inventario all’inserzionista o qualsiasi piattaforma pubblicitaria intermedia vengono raccolti e trattati per identificare il Cliente che stiamo assistendo, per applicare le impostazioni corrette per il Cliente, per segmentare i suoi rapporti in base a questi identificatori e per fatturare al Cliente.
Attributi del contenuto web – L’indirizzo web (URL) della pagina/frame a cui viene recapitato l’annuncio e l’indirizzo di eventuali pagine/frame di riferimento vengono raccolti per garantire che gli annunci vengano recapitati nel contesto corretto che il nostro Cliente ha configurato nelle impostazioni del profilo nel nostro sistema.
Attributi dell’applicazione mobile – Il nome dell’applicazione mobile, l’ID dell’applicazione mobile, l’app store, lo sviluppatore dell’applicazione, la classificazione a stelle dell’applicazione, la classificazione per età dell’applicazione e altre informazioni pubblicamente disponibili sull’applicazione mobile su cui viene mostrato l’annuncio. Queste informazioni vengono utilizzate per garantire che gli annunci pubblicitari siano pubblicati nel contesto corretto che il nostro Cliente ha configurato nelle impostazioni del profilo nel nostro sistema.
Attributi dell’ambiente digitale – Il tipo di dispositivo connesso su cui viene mostrato l’annuncio pubblicitario: dispositivo mobile, desktop, TV connessa o altro dispositivo, il tipo di browser e la relativa versione utilizzati per visualizzare la pagina su cui appare l’annuncio e il sistema operativo sono dati raccolti per determinare quale versione del nostro codice funzionerebbe adeguatamente in quell’ambiente e per misurare correttamente se l’annuncio pubblicitario ha avuto la possibilità di diventare visibile sullo schermo in base agli standard del settore che variano in base all’ambiente.
Attributi di visualizzabilità – La posizione dell’annuncio sulla pagina, la dimensione dell’annuncio, la dimensione dello schermo, la dimensione del riquadro di visualizzazione, lo stato di messa a fuoco della scheda, lo stato di messa a fuoco del browser, la durata dell’annuncio nella parte visualizzabile della pagina web e la posizione di scorrimento della pagina web sono dati raccolti per determinare e segnalare ai nostri Clienti se l’annuncio ha avuto la possibilità di diventare visualizzabile sullo schermo.
Attributi di esposizione e coinvolgimento – I dati che mostrano se l’annuncio è stato cliccato, strisciato, toccato, ridimensionato, ignorato, silenziato, messo in pausa, ruotato, sospeso o modificato vengono raccolti per aiutare i nostri Clienti a misurare le prestazioni dell’annuncio, la campagna pubblicitaria o la proprietà multimediale.
Categorie di dati raccolti e utilizzati per promuovere l’Eliminazione delle frodi:
Gli identificatori pseudonimi di presenza elettronica e dei dispositivi, ovvero l’indirizzo IP, la stringa dell’user agent o i derivati di questi due valori, vengono utilizzati per valutare se la presenza online o il dispositivo sta partecipando o è associato a uno schema fraudolento.
Categorie di dati raccolti e utilizzati per promuovere la Verifica geografica:
Gli identificatori di presenza elettronica pseudonimi e dei dispositivi (indirizzo IP) vengono raccolti per determinare la posizione geografica a cui sono associati. Ogni IP è associato a un Paese e, all’interno degli Stati Uniti, può essere associato a informazioni più specifiche, fino al livello di specificità del codice postale. Non vengono mai raccolte le informazioni di geolocalizzazione esatte dell’Utente.
In casi limitati, DoubleVerify potrebbe essere tenuta, da alcuni dei suoi Cliente che fungono da “walled garden”, a trattare Informazioni personali aggiuntive per abilitare le proprie Soluzioni. Tali Informazioni personali aggiuntive potrebbero riferirsi agli Utenti finali, a individui che creano account dentro tali “walled garden” o individui che creano contenuti pubblicati dentro tali ambienti chiamati “walled garden” (piattaforme “chiuse”). Qualora DoubleVerify sia tenuta, da uno dei suoi Clienti che funge da “walled garden”, a trattare Informazioni personali aggiuntive per abilitare alcune Soluzioni, DoubleVerify tratterà tali Informazioni personali esclusivamente per adempiere ai propri obblighi nei confronti di tale Cliente e in rigorosa conformità alle istruzioni di quest’ultimo, come richiesto per gestire, mantenere e, se del caso, migliorare le Soluzioni. Collaboriamo diligentemente con tali Clienti per garantire che le Informazioni personali trattate si limitino esclusivamente a quelle necessarie per perseguire tali finalità. In circostanze limitate la nostra interazione con “walled garden” (ecosistema chiuso) potrebbe comportare il ricevimento incidentale di Informazioni personali. DoubleVerify lavora diligentemente per monitorare tali casi al fine di garantire che tali Informazioni personali non vengano trattate oltre il ricevimento, salvo per eliminarle in modo sicuro dai nostri sistemi. Poiché in tali situazioni le categorie specifiche di Informazioni personali sono soggette all’integrazione personalizzata e alle decisioni del Cliente, e variano da Cliente a Cliente, se l’Utente ha altre domande, gli consigliamo di contattare direttamente il Cliente specifico o consultarne la documentazione privacy che lo stesso mette a disposizione sulle sue proprietà.
Le Soluzioni non sono intese o dirette al trattamento delle Informazioni personali dei minori. Non raccogliamo consapevolmente Informazioni personali da minori, così come tale termine è definito di tanto in tanto dalle leggi applicabili. Se l’Utente è un genitore o un tutore legale e ritiene che le Informazioni personali del proprio/a figlio/a potrebbero essere state trattate attraverso le Soluzioni, può contattarci utilizzando le informazioni riportate nella Sezione 13 “
Come contattare DoubleVerify
” di seguito e adotteremo le misure necessarie per eliminare in modo sicuro tali Informazioni dai nostri sistemi.
4. Come utilizziamo i dati che raccogliamo?
DoubleVerify utilizza le Informazioni tecniche e le Informazioni personali raccolte solo per le finalità descritte nella Sezione 3 “
Quali dati raccogliamo e per quali scopi?”
della presente Informativa sulla privacy per le Soluzioni. In generale, le Informazioni tecniche e le Informazioni personali dell’Utente vengono trattate per fornire report, dashboard, feedback e approfondimenti (“
Reportistica
”) ai nostri Clienti. La reportistica di DoubleVerify, in qualunque formato, è resa anonima e aggregata o, nella misura in cui siano necessarie informazioni a livello di visualizzazione, ogni visualizzazione viene resa anonima per garantire che le Informazioni personali degli Utenti finali non siano mai condivise con i Clienti. Fermo restando quanto precede, la reportistica costruita per i Clienti che fungono da “walled garden” (per esempio società di social media) e altri Clienti che si affidano a tale reportistica (per esempio società che pubblicano annunci su feed di social media) può includere informazioni di individui che creano account entro tali “walled garden” o individui che creano contenuti pubblicati entro tali ambienti chiamati “walled garden”. La presente Sezione fornisce ulteriori informazioni su come le Informazioni tecniche e le Informazioni personali dell’Utente vengono trattate per perseguire gli scopi aziendali specificati nella Sezione 3 della presente Informativa sulla privacy per le Soluzioni.
DoubleVerify utilizza le Informazioni tecniche raccolte attraverso le Soluzioni, come specificato nella Sezione 3.1, nei seguenti modi:
per analizzare e riferire il contesto in cui vengono visualizzati gli annunci, le loro qualità, autenticità e prestazioni. In particolare, le informazioni che illustrano se un annuncio visualizzato è conforme ai requisiti legali e di posizionamento predefiniti del Cliente, nonché le impostazioni di preferenza stabilite da quest’ultimo nel nostro sistema.
per fornire informazioni e prendere decisioni preventive sulle opportunità di visualizzazione. La tecnologia DoubleVerify analizza le caratteristiche in termini di dati di un’opportunità di visualizzazione e determina se gli annunci del Cliente debbano essere visualizzati o meno, ad esempio stabilendo che il relativo contenuto non è in linea con il branding e le preferenze del Cliente.
DoubleVerify, per promuovere l’Eliminazione delle frodi, utilizza le Informazioni tecniche e le Informazioni personali raccolte attraverso le Soluzioni, come specificato nelle Sezioni 3.1 e 3.2, per:
esaminare e identificare specifiche visualizzazioni di annunci fraudolente perché generate da browser non umani controllati da bot.
valutare e identificare il traffico non valido, ad esempio il traffico generato dagli iniettori pubblicitari, il traffico originato nei data center, il traffico falsato, il traffico emulato e altri tipi di traffico non valido.
analizzare e identificare siti web, app per dispositivi mobili e connessi e proprietà multimediali che hanno traffico fraudolento e/o generano visualizzazioni di annunci fraudolente.
identificare i modelli di traffico tra i siti web che partecipano ad attività pubblicitarie fraudolente.
differenziare il traffico generato da browser non umani controllati da bot e da browser umani.
determinare se gli annunci analizzati seguono i requisiti legali e le preferenze applicabili stabiliti dai nostri Clienti.
stabilire se un middleware sta tentando di travisare le sue caratteristiche operative per prevenire l’identificazione di frodi o altro traffico non valido.
stabilire se il traffico del sito web o le visualizzazioni degli annunci pubblicitari provengono da una server farm piuttosto che da un’attività di navigazione generata dall’uomo.
stabilire se il traffico è acquisito attraverso pratiche fraudolente o altre pratiche di acquisizione del traffico non conformi alle linee guida o alle preferenze del Cliente.
creare record di indirizzi IP e stringhe di user agent associati a schemi fraudolenti e traffico generato non umano (“Tabelle relative alle frodi”). Poiché tali punti dati sono associati a interazioni non umane, non costituiscono Informazioni personali.
DoubleVerify, per promuovere la Verifica geografica, utilizza le Informazioni tecniche e le Informazioni personali raccolte attraverso le Soluzioni, come specificato nella Sezione 3.3, per:
valutare ad alto livello (Paese, stato, regione o, per i residenti negli Stati Uniti, codice postale) la posizione geografica dell’Utente finale e verificare se questi si trova all’interno delle impostazioni della campagna o del traffico del Cliente.
Qualora DoubleVerify sia tenuta, da uno dei suoi Clienti che funge da “walled garden”, a trattare Informazioni personali aggiuntive per abilitare alcune Soluzioni, DoubleVerify tratterà tali Informazioni personali esclusivamente per adempiere ai propri obblighi nei confronti di tale Cliente e in rigorosa conformità alle istruzioni di quest’ultimo, come richiesto per gestire, mantenere e, se del caso, migliorare le Soluzioni. Se l’Utente ha domande, gli suggeriamo di contattare direttamente il Cliente specifico o consultarne la documentazione privacy che lo stesso mette a disposizione sulle sue proprietà.
5. Come e a chi divulghiamo i dati?
DoubleVerify non divulga le Informazioni personali a terzi, salvo quanto strettamente necessario per i nostri scopi aziendali per gestire, mantenere e migliorare le nostre Soluzioni. Nella misura in cui condividiamo volontariamente le Informazioni personali, ci assicuriamo che siano tutelate dai destinatari in modo coerente con le nostre politiche e i nostri standard.
Possiamo condividere le Informazioni personali dell’Utente con:
Fornitori di servizi – società che abbiamo incaricato di fornirci servizi quali amministrazione IT e di sistema, servizi di infrastruttura e hosting, ricerca e analisi, assistenza e garanzia di qualità, sicurezza e altri servizi, per gli scopi e in conformità alla base giuridica descritta sopra. L’Utente può richiedere un elenco dei nostri Fornitori di servizi, quali Informazioni personali ricevono e per quali finalità, contattandoci. Le informazioni di contatto sono reperibili nella Sezione 13 “
Come contattare DoubleVerify
” della presente Informativa sulla privacy per le Soluzioni.
Società affiliate – come ad esempio una società madre, consociate, controllate, joint venture o altre società soggette a controllo comune, nella misura necessaria per gestire, mantenere e migliorare le nostre Soluzioni. L’Utente può richiedere un elenco delle nostre Affiliate, quali Informazioni personali ricevono e per quali finalità, contattandoci. Le informazioni di contatto sono reperibili nella Sezione 13 “
Come contattare DoubleVerify
” della presente Informativa sulla privacy per le Soluzioni.
Terze parti ingaggiate dai nostri Clienti – per supportare i nostri Clienti, possiamo integrare le nostre Soluzioni con altri strumenti e servizi utilizzati dai nostri Clienti per fornire servizi e capacità di reportistica avanzati. In nessun caso riceviamo dati da queste integrazioni che consentono a DoubleVerify di arricchire i nostri dati e identificare gli Utenti finali. In scenari limitati, potremmo condividere informazioni a livello di visualizzazioni con società incaricate dai nostri Clienti per condurre ricerche sull’efficacia del marketing. In casi limitati, i nostri Clienti potrebbero richiederci di condividere alcune Informazioni personali necessarie per abilitare le funzionalità di un prodotto o servizio non gestito da DoubleVerify.
Terze parti coinvolte in una Transazione aziendale – nel caso in cui DoubleVerify sia acquisita o fusa con un’altra società oppure in caso di riorganizzazione, scioglimento o altro cambiamento aziendale fondamentale.
Potremmo essere legalmente tenuti a divulgare le Informazioni personali dell’Utente:
(a) se un ente governativo, un tribunale, un’autorità giudiziaria o un’agenzia regolatoria richiede tale divulgazione (ad esempio nell’ambito di un’indagine in corso, di un mandato di comparizione, di un simile procedimento o procedimento legale);
(b) come altrimenti richiesto da qualsiasi legge, regolamento o norma applicabile; e
(c) se riteniamo, in buona fede, che tale divulgazione sia necessaria per proteggere o difendere i nostri diritti o i diritti di altri, per assistere in un’indagine o per prevenire attività illegali.
Le Tabelle relative alle frodi e altri rapporti relativi all’Eliminazione delle frodi, i feed di dati, le interfacce di programmazione delle applicazioni (API) e i dashboard che non contengono Informazioni personali possono essere condivisi o resi disponibili ai Clienti e ad altre terze parti, tra cui, ad esempio, le organizzazioni del settore, come necessario per consentire a DoubleVerify di realizzare i propri scopi commerciali di fornire, mantenere e migliorare la parte di Eliminazione delle frodi delle nostre Soluzioni e combattere la frode nell’ambito degli annunci.
Non condividiamo le Informazioni personali dell’Utente con i nostri Clienti. Qualsiasi segnalazione e analisi che rendiamo disponibile ai Clienti tramite il nostro Portale di reportistica è anonima, il ché significa che non contiene Informazioni personali. I report sono generalmente aggregati, ma in circostanze limitate vengono forniti ai nostri Clienti tramite endpoint FTP o API, a condizione che tali report non contengano Informazioni personali. Possiamo condividere le Informazioni tecniche, che sono anonime, in formato aggregato o nella loro forma grezza, con terze parti come riteniamo necessario per realizzare i nostri scopi aziendali di fornire, mantenere e migliorare le Soluzioni. Inoltre, possiamo condividere dati anonimi o anonimizzati su base aggregata nell’ordinario svolgimento della nostra attività; ad esempio, per pubblicare casi studio e report e così mostrare le tendenze relative ai vantaggi e alle prestazioni delle nostre Soluzioni.
Per maggiore chiarezza, DoubleVerify non effettua divulgazioni di Informazioni personali a entità che operano come “aziende” o “terze parti” ai sensi di leggi come il CCPA.
6. Per quanto tempo conserviamo le Informazioni personali?
DoubleVerify conserva tutte le Informazioni personali trattate attraverso le sue Soluzioni solo per il tempo necessario a perseguire le finalità descritte nella presente Informativa sulla privacy per le Soluzioni e comunque non oltre i quarantacinque (45) giorni. Alla scadenza di tale periodo, le Informazioni personali vengono eliminate in modo sicuro dai sistemi di DoubleVerify.
Le Tabelle relative alle frodi possono essere conservate a tempo indeterminato per garantire la corretta funzionalità della Soluzione di Eliminazione delle frodi.
Le Informazioni tecniche, in quanto di natura anonima, possono essere conservate da DoubleVerify a tempo indeterminato o per tutto il tempo altrimenti previsto dalle politiche di DoubleVerify e consentito dalle leggi applicabili e dagli accordi di DoubleVerify con i suoi Clienti.
7. Come vengono protette le informazioni personali?
DoubleVerify ha implementato adeguate misure tecniche, fisiche e organizzative volte a proteggere le Informazioni personali da distruzione accidentale o illegale o perdita accidentale, danno, alterazione, divulgazione o accesso non autorizzati, nonché da tutte le altre forme di trattamento illecito. Anche se ci atteniamo a standard e best practice generalmente accettati per proteggere le Informazioni personali, nessun metodo di archiviazione o trasmissione è sicuro al 100%. Tuttavia, ci adoperiamo costantemente per migliorare le nostre misure di salvaguardia e mantenere al sicuro le Informazioni personali dell’Utente.
8. Come vengono trasferite le Informazioni personali a livello internazionale?
Ricordiamo all’Utente che le Informazioni personali che raccogliamo possono essere trasferite e conservate su server o database situati al di fuori dello stato, provincia, Paese o altra giurisdizione dell’Utente. Anche se le Informazioni personali dell’Utente possono essere trasmesse attraverso un data center temporaneo locale per garantire che le Soluzioni siano efficienti e reattive, DoubleVerify infine conserva tutte le Informazioni personali raccolte attraverso le Soluzioni negli Stati Uniti. Come azienda globale, abbiamo sedi negli Stati Uniti, nel Regno Unito, in Francia, Belgio, Finlandia, Germania, Israele, Canada, Messico, Brasile, Giappone, India, Singapore e Australia. Ai nostri dipendenti in queste sedi potrebbe essere richiesto di accedere alle Informazioni personali dell’Utente per supportare le nostre Soluzioni. Il livello di protezione dei dati stabilito in alcune di queste sedi, come gli Stati Uniti, può essere inferiore a quello stabilito nell’Unione europea o in altre giurisdizioni che hanno emanato severe leggi e normative sulla privacy.
Adottiamo delle misure volte a garantire che le Informazioni personali dell’Utente siano conservate in modo sicuro presso di noi, nel rispetto dei requisiti normativi di privacy e sicurezza imposti alle attività dell’Unione europea. Garantiamo inoltre che qualsiasi altro destinatario delle Informazioni personali dell’Utente offra un livello adeguato di protezione e sicurezza, ad esempio, stipulando gli opportuni accordi back-to-back e, se necessario, clausole contrattuali tipo o un meccanismo alternativo per il trasferimento dei dati, come approvato dalla Commissione europea o da altre autorità di regolamentazione competenti. Le pratiche sulla privacy di DoubleVerify, descritte nella presente Informativa sulla privacy, sono conformi al Sistema delle Norme transfrontaliere sulla privacy (CBPR) e al Sistema di riconoscimento della privacy per i responsabili del trattamento (PRP) della Cooperazione economica asiatico-pacifica (APEC). I sistemi CBPR e PRP di APEC forniscono alle organizzazioni strutture per garantire la protezione delle informazioni personali trasferite tra le economie APEC partecipanti. Ulteriori informazioni sulle strutture APEC sono disponibili
qui
. In caso di domande sul luogo in cui conserviamo le Informazioni personali, l’Utente può contattarci come indicato nella Sezione 13 “
Come contattare DoubleVerify
” della presente Informativa globale sulla privacy.
Inoltre, DoubleVerify Inc. e le sue controllate Outrigger Media, Inc. operante come OpenSlate, Scibids Technology Inc., Zentrick Inc. (“DoubleVerify”), sono conformi al Quadro normativo sulla privacy dei dati UE-USA (DPF EU-U.S.), all’Estensione del Regno Unito al DPF UE-USA e al Quadro normativo sulla privacy dei dati Svizzera-USA (DPF Svizzera-U.S.) come stabilito dal Dipartimento del Commercio degli Stati Uniti. DoubleVerify ha certificato al Dipartimento del Commercio degli Stati Uniti di aderire ai Principi del Quadro normativo sulla Privacy dei Dati UE-USA (Principi del DPF UE-USA) per quanto riguarda il trattamento dei dati personali ricevuti dall’Unione Europea in base al DPF UE-USA e dal Regno Unito (e Gibilterra) in base all’Estensione del Regno Unito al DPF UE-USA. DoubleVerify ha certificato al Dipartimento del Commercio degli Stati Uniti di aderire ai Principi del Quadro normativo sulla Privacy dei Dati Svizzera-USA (Principi del DPF Svizzera-USA) per quanto riguarda il trattamento dei dati personali ricevuti dalla Svizzera in base al DPF Svizzera-USA. In caso di conflitto tra i termini della presente Informativa sulla privacy e i Principi DPF UE-USA e/o i Principi DPF Svizzera-USA, prevarranno i Principi. Per ulteriori informazioni sul programma del Quadro normativo sulla privacy dei dati (Data Privacy Framework, DPF) e per visualizzare la nostra certificazione, visitare https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/.
DoubleVerify è responsabile per il trattamento dei dati personali che riceve ai sensi del DPF, e successivamente trasferisce a una terza parte che agisce quale agente per suo conto. DoubleVerify rispetta i Principi DPF per tutti i trasferimenti successivi di dati personali dall’UE, dal Regno Unito e dalla Svizzera, comprese le disposizioni sulla responsabilità del trasferimento successivo.
La Federal Trade Commission ha giurisdizione sulla conformità di DoubleVerify al DPF UE-USA, all’Estensione del Regno Unito al DPF UE-USA e al DPF Svizzera-USA. In alcune situazioni, DoubleVerify potrebbe dover divulgare dati personali in risposta a richieste legittime avanzate da autorità pubbliche, incluso per soddisfare requisiti di sicurezza nazionali o previsti per legge.
In conformità con il DPF UE-USA, l’Estensione del Regno Unito al DPF UE-USA e il DPF Svizzera-USA, DoubleVerify si impegna a sottoporre i reclami non risolti relativi alla nostra gestione dei dati personali ricevuti in base al DPF UE-USA, all’Estensione del Regno Unito al DPF UE-USA e al DPF Svizzera-USA a TRUSTe, un fornitore di soluzioni alternative per le controversie con sede negli Stati Uniti. Se un Interessato non riceve una conferma tempestiva del suo reclamo relativo ai Principi DPF da parte nostra, o se non abbiamo gestito il reclamo relativo ai Principi DPF in modo soddisfacente, visitare il sito https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request per ulteriori informazioni o per presentare un reclamo. Questi servizi di risoluzione delle controversie sono forniti senza alcun costo per l’Utente.
Per i reclami relativi alla conformità al DPF non risolti da nessuno degli altri meccanismi del DPF, l’Utente ha la possibilità, a determinate condizioni, di invocare un arbitrato vincolante. Ulteriori informazioni sono disponibili sul sito web ufficiale DPF.
9. Quali sono i diritti dell’utente?
Gli Utenti finali in determinate giurisdizioni possono godere di diritti in qualità di soggetti interessati, che consentono loro di avanzare richieste relative alle proprie Informazioni personali. La maggior parte delle giurisdizioni fornisce inoltre agli Utenti finali il diritto di essere informati su come vengono raccolte e utilizzate le Informazioni personali e con chi possono essere condivise o divulgate, nonché sulle finalità di tali azioni. L’Informativa sulla privacy di DoubleVerify per le Soluzioni ha lo scopo di soddisfare tali requisiti, ma se l’Utente ha ulteriori domande o desidera comprendere meglio come vengono raccolte e usate le Informazioni personali o con chi vengono divulgate o condivise e perché, può contattarci servendosi della Sezione 13 “
Come contattare DoubleVerify
” di seguito.
I residenti dello Spazio Economico Europeo, del Regno Unito, della Svizzera o della California, tra gli altri, hanno diversi diritti ai sensi delle leggi e dei regolamenti sulla privacy applicabili, come il GDPR e il CCPA. Per esercitare tali diritti, l’Utente può utilizzare il
presente Modulo
o contattarci utilizzando la Sezione 13 “
Come contattare DoubleVerify
” di seguito. In conformità con alcune leggi e normative, come il CCPA, l’Utente può anche designare un agente autorizzato per inviare una richiesta o esercitare un diritto per proprio conto. Non discrimineremo l’Utente né reagiremo con ritorsioni contro lo stesso per aver esercitato i propri diritti.
Questi diritti sono:
Il diritto di accedere a qualsiasi Informazione personale da noi conservata e che riguarda l’Utente, comprese le informazioni sulle categorie e tipi di Informazioni personali specifici.
Il diritto di correggere eventuali Informazioni personali inesatte da noi conservate e che riguardano l’Utente. Si tenga presente che, data la natura delle Informazioni personali che raccogliamo e il metodo di raccolta, è altamente improbabile che conserviamo Informazioni personali inesatte o che rientrino nelle circostanze che richiedono una correzione.
Il diritto di richiedere che DoubleVerify elimini qualsiasi Informazione personale da noi conservata che riguarda l’Utente.
Il diritto di richiedere che il trattamento delle Informazioni personali che riguardano l’Utente sia sospeso o limitato per un periodo di tempo, ad esempio, mentre l’Utente stesso valuta se gode eventualmente di altri diritti che desidera esercitare.
Nella misura in cui le Informazioni personali dell’Utente vengono trattate sulla base di un interesse legittimo, questi ha il diritto di opporsi a tale trattamento.
Nella misura in cui i dati personali dell’Utente sono trattati sulla base del suo consenso, revocare tale consenso tramite lo IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework.
Nella massima misura possibile, soddisfiamo qualsiasi richiesta relativa a un Utente finale, a condizione che possiamo associarlo alle Informazioni personali che deteniamo sui nostri sistemi. Tuttavia, in determinate circostanze potremmo essere tenuti a verificare l’identità dell’Utente per soddisfare una richiesta. Per verificare l’identità dell’Utente o comprenderne l’ambito della richiesta, potremmo aver bisogno di richiedergli ulteriori informazioni. Non sarà richiesto all’Utente di creare un account con noi per inviare una richiesta o per soddisfarla. L’Utente dovrà fornire un indirizzo e-mail per consentirci di comunicare con lo stesso e gestire la sua richiesta, nonché qualsiasi informazione di cui potremmo avere bisogno per verificare se conserviamo Informazioni personali che lo riguardano. L’Utente deve tener presente che alcune circostanze potrebbero impedirci di soddisfare la sua richiesta, ma se non saremo in grado di farlo gliene spiegheremo il motivo. Qualora non deteniamo alcuna Informazione personale che riguardi l’Utente, lo informeremo. Facciamo del nostro meglio per rispondere a tutte le indagini e richieste non appena ragionevolmente possibile, ma preghiamo l’Utente di attendere fino a trenta (30) giorni per una risposta.
Nella misura in cui DoubleVerify funge da “responsabile del trattamento”, “appaltatore” o “fornitore di servizi”, come definito nella legge applicabile, l’Utente potrebbe dover indirizzare le proprie richieste di esercizio dei propri diritti al Cliente pertinente che funge da “responsabile del trattamento” o “azienda”.
10. Divulgazioni aggiuntive
Alcune leggi e normative sulla privacy, come il CCPA, richiedono alle aziende di divulgare se vendono Informazioni personali. DoubleVerify non divulga le Informazioni personali in modo tale da costituire una “vendita” o una “condivisione” ai sensi delle leggi della California, Virginia e Nevada o leggi analoghe.
11. DoubleVerify usa l’intelligenza artificiale?
DoubleVerify usa l’intelligenza artifciale (“IA”) in varie modalità e contesti all’interno dell’organizzazione. Sebbene DoubleVerify faccia uso di tecnologie IA, non adottiamo “decisioni automatizzate” come definito dalle leggi e dai regolamenti sulla privacy applicabili.
12. Legge applicabile
Nella misura applicabile e consentita dalle leggi e normative applicabili, la presente Informativa sulla privacy per le Soluzioni è disciplinata da e interpretata in conformità alle leggi interne dello stato del Delaware, e la giurisdizione e la sede per qualsiasi controversia saranno in Delaware.
13. Aggiorneremo la presente Informativa sulla privacy per le Soluzioni?
Possiamo aggiornare di tanto in tanto la presente Informativa sulla privacy per le Soluzioni per riflettere le modifiche alle nostre Soluzioni, pratiche, politiche o altre modifiche interne o esterne, nonché per rispettare i nuovi requisiti legali. Eventuali modifiche saranno pubblicate non appena saranno effettive. Se apportiamo aggiornamenti, aggiorneremo la “data di decorrenza” indicata nella parte superiore della presente Informativa sulla privacy per le Soluzioni per informare l’Utente della data della modifica. Per rimanere informati su tali aggiornamenti, invitiamo l’Utente a consultare regolarmente la presente Informativa sulla privacy per le Soluzioni. Si prega di notare che qualsiasi traduzione della presente Informativa sulla privacy per le Soluzioni è intesa esclusivamente a facilitare l’accesso dell’Utente a queste informazioni. La versione inglese è l’unica versione ufficiale della presente Informativa sulla privacy per le Soluzioni e qualsiasi inesattezza o discrepanza ravvisabile nella traduzione non è vincolante e non ha alcun effetto legale ai fini della conformità o dell’applicazione della legge.
14. Come è possibile contattare DoubleVerify?
In caso di domande, dubbi o commenti sulla presente Informativa sulla privacy per le Soluzioni, o se l’Utente ritiene che le Informazioni personali siano state utilizzate in modo non coerente con la stessa o con le sue scelte, può contattare il nostro Team per la privacy all’indirizzo:
Informazioni di contatto del Responsabile della privacy/Responsabile della protezione dei dati (Team per la Privacy)
DoubleVerify Inc.
462 Broadway
New York, NY 10013
privacy-policy@doubleverify.com
In caso di dubbi irrisolti su questioni di privacy o utilizzo dei dati che non abbiamo affrontato in modo soddisfacente, preghiamo l’Utente di contattare (gratuitamente) il nostro fornitore di servizi di risoluzione delle controversie, avente sede negli Stati Uniti, all’indirizzo
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
. Ci impegniamo a ottenere una risoluzione equa di qualsiasi reclamo o dubbio che l’Utente possa avere sulla sua privacy o sulla presente Informativa sulla privacy per le Soluzioni. Tuttavia, se l’Utente ritiene che non siamo stati in grado di assisterlo adeguatamente, nessuna disposizione della presente Informativa sulla privacy per le Soluzioni limiterà o sarà intesa a limitare i suoi diritti ai sensi delle leggi applicabili, compresa la sua capacità, a seconda del suo Paese di residenza, di presentare un reclamo dinanzi al garante locale per la protezione dei dati o altra agenzia competente in materia di privacy.
発効日：2024年6月28日
概要
DoubleVerify Inc.およびその全世界の子会社（以下、総称して「
DoubleVerify
」、「
当社
」または「
私たち
」という）は、オンライン広告における透明性と説明責任を提供する業界のリーダーです。DoubleVerifyでは、広告の透明性と説明責任に関する製品およびソリューション（以下、総称して「
ソリューション
」という）を提供するために、オンライン広告、ウェブサイトのトラフィック、モバイルアプリのトラフィック、および接続されたデバイスのトラフィックに関する情報を収集するために、さまざまな技術を使用しています。本プライバシー通知（以下「
ソリューション
に関する
プライバシー通知
」）は、当社がどのような会社であるか、当社がソリューションを通じて個人情報をどのように収集、使用、共有するか、またお客様がプライバシーに関する権利をどのように行使できるかについて説明しています。
DoubleVerifyが一般公開しているウェブサイトで収集された個人情報がどのように処理されるかについて、より詳細な情報をご希望の場合は、当社の
ウェブサイトとマーケティングに関するプライバシー通
知をご覧ください。
DoubleVerifyソリューションを使用し、DoubleVerifyがレポートツールを通じて収集した個人情報をどのように処理するかについての詳細情報を希望される場合は、当社の
レポートツールに関するプライバシー通知
をご覧ください。
クイックリンク
当社は、お客様が十分な情報を得られるよう、本ソリューションに関するプライバシー通知全体をお読みになることをお勧めします。ただし、お客様が本ソリューションに関するプライバシー通知の特定の部分を見つけたり、確認しやすくしたりするため、以下のセクションに分割しています。
DoubleVerifyの概要
処理における当社の役割、目的、法的根拠
当社が収集するデータおよび目的
収集するデータの使用方法
データの開示方法および開示先
個人情報の保持期間
個人情報の保護方法
個人情報の国際転送方法
お客様の権利
追加の開示
DoubleVerifyにおける人工知能の使用
準拠法
本ソリューションに関するプライバシー通知の更新
DoubleVerifyへの連絡方法
1. DoubleVerifyの概要
DoubleVerifyの認定プラットフォームは、独立したデジタルメディア測定、広告（または「宣伝」）のインプレッション配信およびウェブサイトトラフィックに関するデータと分析を提供して、広告主、代理店、広告在庫販売業者（以下、総称して「
顧客
」という）が正確な配信特性を確認するために役立っています。それにはブランドセーフティ、表示性メトリック、コンテキストおよび環境パラメータ（たとえば、広告が表示されるウェブサイトやウェブページ上の表示箇所）、広告インプレッションとウェブサイトのトラフィック品質特性が含まれ、また、創造的広告およびブランド広告の配置について、当社の顧客が情報に基づいた意思決定を行えるような洞察を提供します。
当社は、私たちがあらゆる立場で処理する可能性のある個人情報に対して、強力なプライバシー保護を提供することを信条としています。プライバシーは基本的な権利であり、お客様の居住地に依存すべきものではないからです。当社では、原則に従うために、特定されたまたは特定可能な個人に関連する、またはリンクするあらゆるデータについて、その個人の所在地にかかわらず「個人情報」として扱います。DoubleVerifyでは、当社ソリューションに関連して当社が収集する情報を、追加情報なしに個人を特定できない情報に限定しています。例としては、インターネットプロトコル（「IP」）アドレスがあります。IPアドレスは、インターネットの使用時にコンピュータに自動的に割り当てられる番号です。DoubleVerifyは、個人情報などの情報をベストプラクティスおよび適用法に従って取り扱います。そのような情報を、関連する個人を特定できる他のデータと組み合わせることはありません。
本ソリューションに関するプライバシー通知は、当社のソリューションを通じてデータが処理される可能性のある個人（以下「
エンドユーザー
」、「
お客様
」および「
お客様の
」という）に以下のような内容について通知することを意図しています。（1）DoubleVerifyが分析した広告が、閲覧されているウェブサイト上またはご利用のアプリ上で配信された際に、当社がお客様またはお客様のデバイスに関して収集する可能性のある情報の種類（2）当社のプライバシー慣行、個人情報とみなされる情報の使用方法、共有方法、それ以外に処理する方法、および（3）かかる個人情報に関するお客様の権利。また、本ソリューションに関するプライバシー通知では、当社が追跡する広告について収集する個人情報以外の情報(「
技術情報
」という)の内容、およびその技術情報を当社ソリューションを強化するために使用する方法についても説明します。
2. 処理における当社の役割、目的、法的根拠
DoubleVerifyの不正行為の特定および排除（以下「
不正行為排除
」という）、および個人情報の処理を必要とする地理上のコンプライアンスの検証（以下「
地理検証
」という）ソリューションでは、個人情報の処理が必要になります。下に概説する一部の状況を除いて、一般データ保護規則（以下「
GDPR
」という）などの法律および規制に関して、DoubleVerifyは不正行為排除を、「管理者」として運用し、地理検証を「処理者」として運用します。カリフォルニア州消費者プライバシー法（以下「
CCPA
」という）およびその他の米国の州の規制枠組みに関して、当社の指定は、それぞれの顧客との特定の関係によって異なる場合があります。当社が処理する個人情報は、当社の技術によって収集され、顧客によって当社に「提供」されるものであるため、当社は、通常、CCPAの下では「契約事業者」として、またはその他の米国の州の法律および規制の枠組みの下では「処理者」として機能します。上記にかかわらず、個人情報がカスタム設計された統合およびその他の非標準的な手段を介してDoubleVerifyと共有される一部の状況で、つまり、そのような個人情報がDoubleVerifyによる分析のために顧客により収集され提供される場合、当社は、CCPAに定義される「処理者」または「サービスプロバイダー」と見なされる可能性があります。このシナリオは、ソーシャルメディアの顧客や、「ウォールドガーデン」と呼ばれる独自の環境を運営するその他の顧客とのパートナーシップで最も一般的なものです。
不正行為排除（標準的な業界慣行（例えば、Media Ratings Councilのガイドライン）に従ってインプレッションを適格にするために必要な場合を含む）および地理検証を除き、DoubleVerifyのその他のソリューション（表示性、ブランドセーフティ、適合性など）は、通常、個人情報の処理を必要としません。しかし、当社が「ウォールドガーデン」を運用する顧客にそのようなソリューションを提供するような状況があり、その場合、これらの顧客は管理者としての自身の役割のために、DoubleVerifyに対し、顧客の環境内でアカウントとコンテンツを作成するエンドユーザーまたは個人の追加の個人情報を処理するように要求することがあります。そのようなシナリオにおいて、どの個人情報を処理するかについての決定は、顧客によって行われます。顧客は管理者としての自身の役割のために、独自の裁量でそのような個人情報を処理する法的根拠も決定します。これらの顧客のプライバシー慣行、処理される個人情報、および処理に関して適用される法的根拠についての詳細は、顧客による関連の適用されるプライバシー通知またはプライバシー声明をご確認ください。DoubleVerifyにこれらのプログラムについてお問い合わせいただくと、これらの顧客に対する当社の取り組みに関する基本的な情報を提供いたします。ただし、個々の顧客にお問い合わせいただくか、顧客の所有するリソースで入手可能なプライバシーに関する文書を確認することをお勧めします。
GDPRなどの法律に関係する場合、DoubleVerifyのソリューションを通じて個人情報を処理する法的根拠は、次のために正当な利益となります。（i）当社の顧客が広告関連の不正行為を回避し、地理的に正確かつコンプライアンスに準拠した情報をエンドユーザーに提供するため、（ii）不正のない、地理的に正確でコンプライアンスに準拠した情報を受け取るエンドユーザーのため、および（iii）無料インターネットの継続的な可用性において一般市民のため。
DoubleVerifyは、IAB Transparency and Consent Framework（透明性と同意の枠組み）に参加しており（TCFv2.2 – ベンダーID 126）、以下の目的のためにデータを収集する根拠として、正当な利益を使用しています。
セキュリティの確保、不正行為の防止と検出、エラーの修正（特別目的1）
広告およびコンテンツの配信と提供（特別目的2）
プライバシー選択の保存および通信（特別目的3）
広告パフォーマンスの測定（目的7）
サービスの開発と改善（目的10）
限られた状況において、DoubleVerifyソリューションが運用しているプロパティにおいて、IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Frameworkを担当する団体が、当社の地理検証を同意の対象とすることがあります。このようなごく限定的な状況では、以下に対する同意が適用されます。
限られたデータを使用して広告を選ぶこと（目的2）
広告パフォーマンスの測定（目的7）
サービスの開発と改善（目的10）
3. 当社が収集するデータおよび目的
DoubleVerifyは、ソリューションの提供、維持、改善という事業目的を遂行するために、特定のカテゴリーの個人情報と技術情報を収集し、使用します。DoubleVerifyソリューションを通じて処理される個人情報と技術情報のカテゴリーを以下に概説します。DoubleVerifyソリューションの1つ以上の機能の運用に個人情報が必要な範囲内で、法律で別途要求される場合を除き、個人情報は以下の特定の目的にのみ使用されます。また、状況によっては、DoubleVerifyソリューションが適切に機能するために、一部の技術情報と併せて個人情報を処理する必要がある場合があります。このようなシナリオでは、統合されたデータは個人情報とみなされ、それに応じて保護されます。当社では、私たちが処理する個人情報および技術情報について、エンドユーザーを特定する目的で、追加の情報と組み合わせること、分析すること、または強化することはありません。当社では、アプリやウェブサイト、または時間の経過とともに、お客様やお客様のオンライン活動を追跡することはありません。また、第三者クッキーなどの永続的な技術に依存せず、個人をターゲットとしたプロファイルやオーディエンスグループを作成することもありません。
DoubleVerifyソリューションを強化するために収集および使用される技術情報のカテゴリーは以下のとおりです。
広告キャンペーンの属性：広告、そのキャンペーンおよび配置識別子を配信する広告主の識別子、広告主に在庫を販売するメディアプロパティの識別子、または仲介広告プラットフォームを収集・処理し、当社がサービスを提供している顧客を識別し、顧客の正しい設定を適用し、これらの識別子に従って顧客レポートをセグメント化し、顧客に請求します。
ウェブコンテンツ属性：広告が配信されるページ／フレームのウェブアドレス（URL）、および参照するページ／フレームのアドレスを収集し、当社の顧客が当社システムのプロフィール設定で設定した適切なコンテキストで広告が配信されるようにします。
モバイルアプリケーションの属性：モバイルアプリケーション名、モバイルアプリケーションID、アプリストア、アプリケーションの開発者、アプリケーションの星評価、アプリケーションの年齢評価、および広告が配信されるモバイルアプリケーションに関するその他の公開情報。この情報は、当社の顧客が当社システムのプロファイル設定で設定した適切なコンテキストで広告が配信されるようにするために使用されます。
デジタル環境属性：モバイル、デスクトップ、接続テレビまたはその他のデバイスに広告が配信される接続デバイスの種類、広告が表示されるページの表示に使用するブラウザの種類とバージョン、およびオペレーティングシステムが収集され、その環境で当社のコードのどのバージョンが適切に実行されるかが判断され、環境ごとに異なる業界標準に従って、広告が画面に表示可能になる可能性があるかどうかが適切に測定されます。
表示性属性：ページ上の広告の位置、広告のサイズ、画面のサイズ、ビューポートのサイズ、タブフォーカスのステータス、ブラウザフォーカスのステータス、広告がウェブページの表示可能な部分にあった期間、およびウェブページのスクロール位置を収集し、広告が画面に表示可能になる可能性があるかどうかを決定し、当社の顧客に報告します。
露出とエンゲージメントの属性：広告がクリック、スワイプ、タップ、タッチ、サイズ変更、スキップ、ミュート、一時停止、回転、ホバリング、または変更したボリュームかどうかを示すデータが収集され、当社の顧客が広告、広告キャンペーン、またはメディアプロパティのパフォーマンスを測定するのに役立ちます。
不正行為排除を強化するために収集・使用されるデータのカテゴリー
匿名の電子プレゼンスとデバイス識別子：たとえば、IPアドレス、ユーザーエージェント文字列、またはこれら2つの値の派生物が、オンラインプレゼンスまたはデバイスが不正なスキームに関与しているか、または関連するかを評価するために使用されます。
ジオ検証の強化のために収集・使用されるデータのカテゴリー
匿名の電子プレゼンスとデバイス識別子：IPアドレスを収集して、それらが関連付けられている地理的位置を決定します。各IPは1つの国に関連付けられ、米国内では、郵便番号に至るまで、より具体的な情報と関連付けられる場合があります。お客様に関するいかなる地理位置情報も収集することはありません。
一部の状況で、DoubleVerifyは、たとえば「ウォールドガーデン（複数）」として機能する一部の自社の顧客から、ソリューションを有効にするために追加の個人情報を処理するよう要求されることがあります。そのような追加の個人情報は、そのような「ウォールドガーデン」内でアカウントを作成するエンドユーザーや個人、またはそのような「ウォールドガーデン」環境内で公開されるコンテンツを作成するエンドユーザーや個人に関連する場合があります。DoubleVerifyが「ウォールドガーデン」として機能する顧客から、一部のソリューションを有効にするために追加の個人情報を処理するよう要求される場合、DoubleVerifyは顧客への義務を果たす目的のためだけに、また運用、維持、および該当する場合にはソリューションを改善する必要性に応じて、顧客の指示に厳格に従って、そのような個人情報を処理するものとします。当社は、処理される個人情報が上記の目的を達成するために必要な個人情報に限定されるように、これらの顧客と誠実に取り組みます。限定的な状況において、「ウォールドガーデン」とのやり取りにおいて、個人情報を付随的に受領する場合があります。DoubleVerifyは、かかる個人情報が受領の範囲を超えて処理されないよう確保するために（当社のシステムからかかる個人情報を安全に除去する場合を除きます）、かかるすべてのインスタンスを入念に監視します。こうしたシナリオでは、特定のカテゴリーの個人情報はカスタム統合と顧客側の決定に依存し、顧客ごとに異なるため、さらにご質問がある場合は、個々の顧客にお問い合わせいただくか、顧客のリソースで入手可能にされているプライバシードに関する文書を確認することをお勧めします。
ソリューションは、お子様の個人情報の処理を意図したものではありません。私たちは、故意にお子様の個人情報を収集することはありません。子供という用語は適用法により随時定義される意味に従います。お客様が親または保護者であり、お子様の個人情報がソリューションを通じて処理されている可能性があると思われる場合、セクション13「
DoubleVerify
への法
」の情報をご利用になり、当社までお知らせください。当社では、当社システムからお子様の個人情報を安全に削除するための措置を講じます。
4. 収集するデータの使用方法
DoubleVerifyは、本ソリューションに関するプライバシー通知のセクション3「
当社が収集するデータおよび目的
」に概説される目的にのみ、収集した技術情報および個人情報を使用します。一般に、技術情報およびお客様の個人情報は、レポート、ダッシュボード、フィードバック、および洞察（以下「
レポート
」という）を当社の顧客に提供するために処理されます。いかなる形式のDVレポートも、匿名化され集計されます。また、インプレッションレベルの情報が必要な範囲内で、各インプレッションは匿名化され、エンドユーザーの個人情報が決して顧客と共有されないようにします。上記にかかわらず、「ウォールドガーデン」として機能する顧客（ソーシャルメディア企業など）およびそのようなレポートに依存している他の顧客（ソーシャルメディアフィードに広告を掲載している企業など）向けに作成されたレポートには、そのような「ウォールドガーデン」内でアカウントを作成する個人、またはそのような「ウォールドガーデン」環境内で公開されるコンテンツを作成する個人の情報が含まれる場合があります。このセクションは、本ソリューションに関するプライバシー通知のセクション3に明記されたビジネス目的を達成するために、技術情報とお客様の個人情報の処理方法について、さらなる洞察を提供します。
DoubleVerifyでは、セクション3.1で規定されているように、ソリューションを通じて収集された技術情報を以下の方法で使用します。
広告が表示されるコンテキスト、その品質、信頼性、パフォーマンスを分析・報告します。特に、広告が表示されるかどうかを示す情報は、顧客のあらかじめ設定された法的およびプレースメント要件、ならびに顧客が当社システムで設定した設定内容に準拠しています。
インプレッション機会に関する洞察と先制的な決定を提供します。DoubleVerifyテクノロジーは、インプレッション機会に関するデータ特性を分析し、たとえば、周囲のコンテンツが顧客のブランドや好みと一致しないと判断するなどして、顧客の広告を表示すべきかどうかを決定します。
DoubleVerifyは、不正行為排除を強化するために、セクション3.1および3.2に明記されているように、ソリューションを通じて収集された技術情報および個人情報を使用して以下を行います。
ボット制御された人間以外のブラウザによって生成された不正の広告インプレッションをレビューし、特定します。
広告インジェクターによって生成されたトラフィック、データセンターで発生したトラフィック、誤って伝えられたトラフィック、エミュレートされたトラフィック、その他のタイプの無効なトラフィックなど、無効なトラフィックを評価・識別します。
不正なトラフィックが存在する、または不正な広告インプレッションを生成するウェブサイト、モバイルおよび接続されたデバイスアプリ、およびメディアプロパティを分析・特定します。
不正な広告活動に参加しているウェブサイト全体のトラフィックパターンを特定します。
ボット制御、非人間ブラウザと人間ブラウザで生成されたトラフィックを区別します。
広告が分析されたかどうかを判断するには、適用される法的要件および当社の顧客が設定した好みに従います。
ミドルウェアがその動作特性を偽って伝えることを試み、不正なトラフィックまたはその他の無効なトラフィックの識別を防止しようとしているかどうかを判断します。
ウェブサイトトラフィックや広告インプレッションが、人間により生成されたブラウジングアクティビティではなく、サーバーファームから発信されているかどうかを判断します。
トラフィックが、不正行為を通じて、または顧客のガイドラインや好みに準拠していないその他のトラフィック取得慣行を通じて、取得されているかどうかを判断します。
不正なスキームや人間により生成されていないトラフィックに関連するIPアドレスやユーザーエージェント文字列（「不正行為テーブル」という）のレコードを作成します。このようなデータポイントは、人間との関わりが関係しないため、個人情報を構成しません。
DoubleVerifyは、地理検証の強化をするために、セクション3.3に明記されているように、ソリューションを通じて収集された技術情報および個人情報を使用して、以下を行います。
エンドユーザーの地理的位置をハイレベル（国、州、地域、または米国居住者の場合は郵便番号）で評価し、エンドユーザーが顧客のキャンペーンまたはトラフィック設定内に存在するかどうかを検証します。
DoubleVerifyが「ウォールドガーデン」として機能する顧客から、一部のソリューションを有効にするために追加の個人情報を処理するよう要求される場合、DoubleVerifyは顧客への義務を果たす目的のためだけに、また運用、維持、および該当する場合にはソリューションを改善する必要性に応じて、顧客の指示に厳格に従って、そのような個人情報を処理するものとします。ご不明な点がございましたら、個別の顧客にお問い合わせいただくか、それらが自身のリソースで入手可能にしているプライバシーに関する文書をご確認いただくようお願いいたします。
5. データの開示方法および開示先
DoubleVerifyは、当社ソリューションの運用、維持、および改善のために当社のビジネス目的に厳密に必要な場合を除き、個人情報を第三者に開示しません。当社が自発的に個人情報を共有する限りにおいて、当社では、受領者が当社の方針および基準に則った方法で個人情報を確実に保護するよう努めます。
当社は、お客様の個人情報を以下と共有する場合があります。
サービスプロバイダー：ITおよびシステム管理、インフラストラクチャおよびホスティングサービス、調査および分析、サポートおよび品質保証、セキュリティおよびその他のサービスなど、上記の目的や法的根拠に従って、サービスを当社に提供するために当社が契約した会社。お客様は、当社のサービスプロバイダーのリスト、サービスプロバイダーが受け取る個人情報の内容とその目的について、当社に連絡して請求することができます。連絡先情報は、本ソリューションに関するプライバシー通知のセクション13「
DoubleVerify
への連絡方法
」にてご覧になれます。
関連会社：当社ソリューションの運営、維持、および改善に必要な範囲内で、共同統制に基づく親会社、姉妹会社、子会社、合弁事業、またはその他の会社など。お客様は、当社関連会社のリスト、関連会社が受け取る個人情報の内容とその目的について、当社に連絡して請求することができます。連絡先情報は、本ソリューションに関するプライバシー通知のセクション13「
DoubleVerify
への連絡方法
」にてご覧になれます。
当社の顧客が雇う第三者：当社は、私たちの顧客をサポートするため、改善されたサービスやリポート機能を提供するために、当社ソリューションと顧客が手配するその他のツールやサービスと統合する場合があります。DoubleVerifyでは、いかなる状況でも、当社がデータを充実させ、エンドユーザーを特定可能にする、これらの統合データを受け取ることはありません。当社は、限られたシナリオでは、マーケティングの有効性に関する調査を実施するために、当社の顧客が雇う企業とインプレションレベルの情報を共有する場合があります。限られた状況で、当社の顧客は、DoubleVerifyが管理していない製品やサービスの機能を有効にするのに必要な特定の個人情報を共有するよう、当社に指示する場合があります。
法人取引に関与する第三者：DoubleVerifyが買収または他社と合併された場合、または組織再編、解散、その他の根本的な会社変更があった場合。
当社は、以下の場合には、お客様の個人情報の開示を法的に義務付けられることがあります。
（a）政府機関、法廷、法執行機関、または規制当局が（たとえば、進行中の調査、召喚状、同様の訴訟手続きの一環として）かかる開示を要求する場合。
（b）適用法、規制、または規則に基づき別途要求される場合。
（c）違法行為の調査の支援や防止のため、当社の権利または他者の権利の保護や防御をするために、当社がかかる開示が必要であると誠実に考える場合。
不正行為テーブルおよびその他の不正行為排除関連のレポート、データフィード、API、およびダッシュボードで個人情報を含まないものは、DoubleVerifyが当社ソリューションの不正行為排除部分を提供、維持、改善し、広告詐欺行為と闘うための事業目的を遂行するために必要な場合、顧客やその他の第三者（業界組織など）と共有したり、利用したりする場合があります。
当社は、お客様の個人情報を当社の顧客と共有することはありません。当社レポーティングポータルを通じて当社が顧客に利用可能にするレポートおよび分析は匿名であり、それは個人情報を含まないことを意味します。レポートは一般に集計されますが、限られた状況においては、FTPエンドポイントまたはAPIを介して、インプレッションレベルのレポートが当社の顧客に提供されることがあります。ただし、そのようなレポートには個人情報が含まれていないことが条件となります。当社は、本ソリューションの提供、維持および改善という当社の事業目的を遂行するために必要とみなす場合、集約形式または原形により匿名の技術情報を第三者と共有する場合があります。当社はまた、私たちの通常の事業運営過程において、匿名のデータまたは匿名化されたデータを共有することができます。たとえば、当社ソリューションの利点とパフォーマンスに関する傾向を示すために、ケーススタディやレポートを公開する場合などです。
なお、疑義を避けるために明記すると、DoubleVerifyは、CCPAなどの法律の下で「事業者」または「第三者」として機能する事業体に対して、個人情報の開示を行いません。
6. 個人情報の保持期間
DoubleVerifyは、本ソリューションに関するプライバシー通知に記載された目的を達成するために必要な期間のみに限り、また、いかなる場合も45日を超えることなく、ソリューションを通じて処理された個人情報を保持します。その期間が満了すると、個人情報はDoubleVerifyのシステムから安全に除去されます。
不正行為排除ソリューションの適切な機能を確保するために、不正行為テーブルを無期限に保持することができます。
技術情報は、本質的に匿名であるため、DoubleVerifyのポリシーに別途規定されていない限り、適用法およびDoubleVerifyの顧客との契約により許可される限り、DoubleVerifyにより無期限に保持することができます。
7. 個人情報の保護方法
DoubleVerifyでは、偶発的または違法な破壊、または偶発的な損失、損傷、改変、不正な開示またはアクセス、ならびにその他のあらゆる形式の違法な処理から個人情報を保護するために、適切な技術的、物理的、および組織的対策を講じています。当社では、個人情報を保護するため、一般的に認められた基準およびベストプラクティスに従っているものの、保管や送信の方法は100%安全ではありません。ただし、当社では常に私たちの保護手段を改善し、お客様の個人情報を安全に保護するために努力しています。
8. 個人情報の国際転送方法
当社が収集する個人情報は、お客様がお住いの州、県、国、またはその他の法域の外にあるサーバーまたはデータベースに転送され、保管される場合があることにご留意ください。DoubleVerifyは、ソリューションが効率的で応答性が高いことを確認するために、お客様の個人情報を現地の一時データセンターを通じて転送する場合がありますが、最終的には、ソリューションを通じて収集されたすべての個人情報を米国内に保存します。当社はグローバル企業として、米国、英国、フランス、ベルギー、フィンランド、ドイツ、イスラエル、カナダ、メキシコ、ブラジル、日本、インド、シンガポール、オーストラリアにオフィスを設けています。これらの拠点における当社の従業員は、当社ソリューションをサポートするために、お客様の個人情報にアクセスするよう求められる場合があります。米国などのこれらの拠点の一部で確立されているデータ保護のレベルは、欧州連合または強力なプライバシー法規制を制定しているその他の法域で確立されているレベルよりも低くなる場合があります。
当社は、欧州連合の事業に課せられる規制上のプライバシーやセキュリティ要件を満たし、お客様の個人情報が当社に安全に保管されるよう対策を講じます。当社はまた、お客様の個人情報のその他の受領者が適切なレベルの保護とセキュリティを提供することを保証します。たとえば、適切なバック・ツー・バック契約を締結し、必要に応じて、欧州委員会またはその他の該当する規制当局によって承認された、標準的な契約条項または代替的なデータ転送メカニズムを実行します。本プライバシー通知に記載されているDoubleVerifyのプライバシー慣行は、APEC Cross Border Privacy Rules（CBPR）（APEC越境プライバシー規則）システムとPrivacy Recognition for Processors（PRP）（プロセッサのプライバシー認識）システムに準拠しています。APEC CBPRシステムおよびAPEC PRPシステムは、参加APEC経済間で移転される個人情報の保護を確実にするためのフレームワークを組織に提供します。APECフレームワークの詳細については、
こちら
をご覧ください。当社による個人情報の保存場所に関するお問い合わせは、本グローバルプライバシー通知のセクション13「
DoubleVerify
への連絡方法
」に概説されているとおり、当社にご連絡いただけます。
さらに、DoubleVerify Inc.およびその子会社であるOutrigger Media, Inc.（OpenSlateという商号を使用して営業）, Scibids Technology Inc.、Zentrick Inc.（以下「DoubleVerify」という）は、米国商務省が定めるとおり、EU-米国データプライバシーフレームワーク（EU-米国DPF）、EU-米国DPFの英国拡張、およびスイス-米国データプライバシーフレームワーク（スイス-米国DPF）を遵守しています。DoubleVerifyは、EU-米国DPFに基づき欧州連合から、およびEU-米国DPFの英国拡張に基づき英国（およびジブラルタル）から受領した個人データの処理に関して、EU-米国データプライバシーフレームワーク原則（EU-米国DPF原則）を遵守していることを米国商務省に対し証明しています。DoubleVerifyは、スイス-米国DPFに基づきスイスから受領した個人データの処理に関して、スイス-米国データプライバシーフレームワーク原則（スイス-米国DPF原則）を遵守していることを米国商務省に対し証明しています。本プライバシーポリシーの条項とEU-米国DPF原則および／またはスイス-米国DPF原則との間に矛盾がある場合は、同原則が適用されるものとします。データプライバシーフレームワーク（DPF）プログラムの詳細、および当社の認証については、https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/をご覧ください。
DoubleVerifyは、DPFに基づきで受領し、その後代理人として行動する第三者に転送される個人データの処理に対して責任を負います。DoubleVerifyは、EU、英国、スイスからの個人データのすべての再転送（onward transfer）について、再転送責任条項を含むDPF原則を遵守しています。
連邦取引委員会は、DoubleVerifyによるEU-米国DPF、EU-米国DPFの英国拡張、およびスイス-米国DPFへの遵守を管轄しています。一部の状況において、DoubleVerifyは、公的機関による法的な要請に応じて、個人データの開示を求められることがあります（国家安全保障上または法執行機関の要件を満たすための開示を含む）。
EU-米国DPF、EU-米国DPFの英国拡張、およびスイス-米国DPFに従い、DoubleVerifyは、EU-米国DPF、EU-米国DPFの英国拡張、およびスイス-米国DPFに基づき受領した個人データの取り扱いに関する未解決の苦情を、米国に拠点を置く裁判外紛争解決機関であるTRUSTeに付託することを約束します。お客様のDPF原則に関連する苦情の受領確認が当社から適時に届かない場合、またはDPF原則に関連するお客様の苦情に対し当社が十分な対応をしていないと考えられる場合は、https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/requestで詳細をご確認いただくか、または苦情の提出を行ってください。これらの紛争解決サービスは無料で提供されます。
DPFの遵守に関する苦情が他のDPFメカニズムで解決されない場合、特定の条件の下で拘束力のある仲裁を申し立てる可能性があります。追加情報は、DPFの公式ウェブサイトに記載されています。
9. お客様の権利
特定の法域のエンドユーザーは、データ主体の権利を有しているため、自身の個人情報に関する要求を行うことができる場合があります。ほとんどの法域ではまた、個人情報がどのように収集・使用されたか、誰と共有または開示されたか、またその目的について、エンドユーザーに通知する権利を与えられています。DoubleVerifyのソリューションに関するプライバシー通知は、このような要件を満たすことを目的としていますが、追加のご質問がある場合、または個人情報がどのように収集・使用されたか、誰と共有または開示されたか、またその理由について、より詳しくお知りになりたい場合は、セクション13「
DoubleVerify
への連絡方法
」を使用して当社までお問い合わせください。
欧州経済領域、英国、スイスまたはカリフォルニア州の居住者は、特に、GDPRおよびCCPAなどの適用されるプライバシー法および規制に基づき、いくつかの権利を有しています。これらの権利を行使するには、
このフォーム
を使用するか、以下のセクション13「
DoubleVerify
への連絡方法
」を参照して問い合わせてください。お客様は、CCPAなどの特定の法律や規制に従い、お客様に代わって依頼を提出したり権利を行使したりする権限のある代理人を指定することもできます。当社は、お客様による権利の行使に関して、お客様に対して差別や報復を行うことはありません。
これらの権利は以下のとおりです。
a）当社がお客様に関して保有する個人情報（個人情報のカテゴリーおよび特定の部分に関する情報を含みます）にアクセスする権利。
b）当社がお客様に関して保持することがある不正確な個人情報を修正する権利。当社が収集する個人情報の性質および収集方法のために、不正確な個人情報、または修正を要する状況に見合った個人情報を保持する可能性は極めて低いことにご留意ください。
c）DoubleVerifyが保持するお客様に関する個人情報の削除を要求する権利。
d）たとえば、お客様が行使したいその他の権利があるかどうかを評価する際に、一定期間、お客様の個人情報の処理を停止または制限するよう要求する権利。
e）お客様の個人情報が正当な利益に基づいて処理される範囲内で、お客様はかかる処理に異議を唱える権利があります。
f）お客様の個人情報がお客様の同意に基づいて処理される範囲内で、お客様はIAB Europe Transparency & Consent Frameworkを通じて当該同意を取り消す権利。
当社では、私たちがシステム上に保有する個人情報とエンドユーザーを一致させることができることを条件に、エンドユーザーに関するあらゆる依頼を可能な限り最大限に満足させます。ただし、特定の状況においては、当社では、依頼を満たすために、お客様の身元確認を必要とする場合があります。当社は、お客様の身元を確認したり、お客様の依頼の範囲を理解したりするために、お客様に関する追加情報を要求しなければならない場合があります。依頼の送信や実行のために、当社でアカウントを作成する必要はありません。当社がお客様と連絡を取り、お客様の依頼をサポートし、お客様の個人情報を保持しているかどうか確認するために必要な情報を提供するために、お客様の電子メールアドレスを提供していただく必要があります。お客様のご要望にお応えできない状況が存在する場合がありますが、ご要望にお応えできない場合には、その理由をお知らせします。当社がお客様に関する個人情報を保持しない範囲内で、お客様にお知らせします。できる限り速やかにすべてのお問い合わせやご要望にお答えできるよう最善を尽くしますが、回答には最長30日ほどかかることをご承知おきください。
DoubleVerifyが適用法で定義される「処理者」、「契約事業者」または「サービスプロバイダー」の役割を果たす範囲内で、お客様は、「管理者」または「事業者」の役割を果たす関連顧客に対し、お客様の権利の行使を求める指示をする必要がある場合があります。
10. 追加の開示
CCPAなどの特定のプライバシー法や規制では、企業が個人情報を販売するかどうかを開示することを義務付けています。DoubleVerifyは、カリフォルニア州、バージニア州、ネバダ州の法律または類似の法律に基づく「販売」または「共有」を構成するような方法で個人情報を開示しません。
11. DoubleVerify
における人工知能の使用
DoubleVerifyは、組織において様々な能力および方法で人工知能（「
AI
」）を使用します。DoubleVerifyはAI技術を利用しますが、該当するプライバシー法令が定義する「自動意思決定」を行うことはありません。
12. 準拠法
適用される範囲内で、本ソリューションに関するプライバシー通知は、デラウェア州の国内法に準拠し、同法に従って解釈されます。紛争の管轄権および裁判地はデラウェア州となります。
13. 本ソリューションに関するプライバシー通知の更新
当社は、私たちのソリューション、慣行、ポリシー、またはその他の社内外における変更を反映し、新しい法的要件を順守するために、本ソリューションに関するプライバシー通知を随時更新する場合があります。変更はすべて、有効になり次第、掲示されます。更新を行う場合、変更が行われた時期についてお客様にご理解いただくため、本ソリューションに関するプライバシー通知の冒頭に記載されている「発効日」を更新します。このような最新情報によく通じているために、本ソリューションに関するプライバシー通知を定期的に参照されることをお勧めします。本ソリューションに関するプライバシー通知の翻訳販は、お客様による情報の入手が容易になることを目的としていることにご留意ください。英語版は、本ソリューションに関するプライバシー通知の唯一の公式版であり、翻訳の不正確さや相違は、法的拘束力を持たず、コンプライアンスまたは執行の目的で法的効力がありません。
14. DOUBLEVERIFYへの連絡方法
本ソリューションに関するプライバシー通知についてご質問、懸念、ご意見がある場合、またはお客様の個人情報がプライバシー通知またはお客様の選択と一致しない方法で使用されたと思われる場合は、当社のプライバシーチームにご連絡ください。
プライバシーオフィサー／データ保護オフィサー（プライバシー担当チーム）の連絡先情報
DOUBLEVERIFY Inc.
462 Broadway
New York, NY 1001
privacy-policy@doubleverify.com
当社が満足のいく対応を行っていない未解決のプライバシーまたはデータ使用に関する懸念をお持ちの場合は、米国を拠点とする当社の第三者紛争解決プロバイダー（無料）
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
までご連絡ください。当社では、お客様のプライバシーまたは本ソリューションに関するプライバシー通知に関してお客様が抱いている苦情や懸念を公正に解決するよう全力を注いでいます。ただし、当社がお客様を支援できないとお考えの場合、本ソリューションに関するプライバシー通知のいかなる内容も、お客様の居住国によっては、プライバシー関連事項に関して現地のデータ保護機関または管轄のその他の機関に苦情を申し立てるお客様の能力を含め、適用法に基づくお客様の権利を制限するまたは制限を試みるものではありません。
Spēkā stāšanās datums: 2024. gada 28. jūnijs
Pārskats
Uzņēmums “DoubleVerify Inc.” kopā ar tā globālajiem meitasuzņēmumiem (turpmāk kopā — “
DoubleVerify
”, “
mēs
”, “
mūs
” vai “
mūsu
”) ir nozares līderis pārredzamības un pārskatatbildības nodrošināšanā tiešsaistes reklāmas jomā. DoubleVerify izmanto dažādas tehnoloģijas informācijas vākšanai par tiešsaistes reklāmu, tīmekļa vietņu datplūsmu, mobilo lietotņu datplūsmu un savienoto ierīču datplūsmu, lai rādītu reklāmas pārredzamības un pārskatatbildības produktus un risinājumus (turpmāk kopā — “
Risinājumi
”). Šajā paziņojumā par privātumu (“
Paziņojums
par Risinājumu privātumu
”) ir paskaidrots, kas mēs esam, kā mēs vācam, izmantojam un kopīgojam personas datus, izmantojot mūsu Risinājumus, kā arī to, kā jūs varat izmantot savas tiesības uz privātumu.
Ja vēlaties iegūt papildinformāciju par to, kā DoubleVerify apstrādā mūsu publiski pieejamās vietnēs savāktos personas datus, lūdzu, skatiet mūsu
Paziņojumu par Tīmekļa vietņu un mārketinga privātumu
.
Ja izmantojat DoubleVerify Risinājumus un vēlaties iegūt papildinformāciju par to, kā DoubleVerify apstrādā personas datus, kuri savākti, izmantojot mūsu ziņošanas rīkus, lūdzu, skatiet mūsu
Paziņojumu par Ziņošanas rīku privātumu
.
Ātrās saites
Mēs iesakām pilnībā izlasīt šo Paziņojumu par Risinājumu privātumu, lai pārliecinātos, ka esat pilnībā informēts(-a). Tomēr, lai jums būtu vieglāk atrast un pārskatīt konkrētas šī Paziņojuma par Risinājumu privātumu daļas, tas ir sadalīts turpmāk norādītajās sadaļās.
Kas ir DoubleVerify?
Kāda ir mūsu loma, mērķi un apstrādes juridiskais pamats?
Kādus datus mēs vācam un kādi ir to vākšanas nolūki?
Kā mēs izmantojam savāktos datus?
Kā un kam mēs izpaužam datus?
Cik ilgi mēs glabājam Personas datus?
Kā tiek garantēta Personas datu drošība?
Kā Personas dati tiek pārsūtīti starptautiski?
Kādas ir jūsu tiesības?
Papildinformācija
Vai DoubleVerify izmanto mākslīgo intelektu?
Regulējošie tiesību akti
Vai mēs atjauninām šo Paziņojumu par Risinājumu privātumu?
Saziņa ar DoubleVerify
1. Kas ir DoubleVerify?
DoubleVerify akreditētās platformas sniedz neatkarīgus plašsaziņas līdzekļu mērījumus, datus un analīzi par reklāmām (vai “reklāmu”), rādīšanas nodrošinājumu un tīmekļa vietņu apmeklētību, lai palīdzētu reklāmdevējiem, aģentūrām un reklāmas instrumentu tirgotājiem (turpmāk kopā — “
Klienti
”) apstiprināt precīzus skatīšanas raksturlielumus, tostarp zīmola drošību, redzamības rādītājus, konteksta un vides parametrus (piemēram, vietni, kurā tiek rādīta reklāma un kurā vietā tā tiek rādīta tīmekļa vietnē), reklāmu rādīšanas un vietnes apmeklētības kvalitātes raksturlielumus, kā arī sniedz telemetrijas datus, kas ļauj mūsu klientiem pieņemt apzinātus lēmumus par savu reklāmu un zīmola izvietojumu.
Mūsu prioritāte ir nodrošināt spēcīgu privātuma aizsardzību ikvienai personai, kuras datus mēs varam apstrādāt jebkādā statusā, jo mēs uzskatām, ka privātums ir daļa no pamattiesībām, nevis parādība, kas pastāv atkarībā no jūsu dzīvesvietas. Šā principa īstenošanas nolūkā mēs uzskatām visus datus, kas attiecas uz identificētām vai identificējamām personām vai kas ir saistīti ar tām, par “Personas datiem”, neatkarīgi no šādu personu atrašanās vietas. Risinājumu ziņā DoubleVerify vāc tikai tādus datus, kuri neļauj identificēt personu bez papildu informācijas. Piemērs: jūsu interneta protokola (turpmāk — “IP”) adrese — tā ir adrese, kas tiek automātiski piešķirta datoram interneta izmantošanas laikā. Tā kā DoubleVerify uzskata šādu informāciju par Personas datiem saskaņā ar paraugpraksi un tiesību aktiem, mēs nekādā gadījumā nekombinējam šādu informāciju ar nevieniem citiem datiem, kuri sniegtu mums iespēju identificēt attiecīgo personu.
Šā Paziņojuma par Risinājumu privātumu mērķis ir informēt tās personas, kuru dati var tikt izmantoti Risinājumos (turpmāk — “
Galalietotājs(-i)
”, “
jūs
” vai “
jūsu
”), par: 1) tiem datu tipiem, kurus DoubleVerify var vākt par jums vai jūsu ierīci tad, kad mēs analizējam vai jums tiek rādīta reklāma jūsu aplūkotā tīmekļa vietnē vai jūsu izmantotā lietotnē; 2) mūsu privātuma praksi attiecībā uz to, kā mēs izmantojam, kopīgojam un citādi apstrādājam informāciju, kas tiek uzskatīta par Personas datiem; 3) jūsu tiesībām attiecībā uz šādiem Personas datiem. Tāpat šajā Paziņojumā par Risinājumu privātumu ir izskaidrots, kādus nepersoniskus datus (turpmāk — “
Tehniskā informācija
”) mēs vācam par mūsu izsekotajām reklāmām un kā mēs izmantojam šādu Tehnisko informāciju mūsu Risinājumu darbināšanai.
2. Kāda ir mūsu loma, mērķi un apstrādes juridiskais pamats?
DoubleVerify krāpšanas identificēšanas un novēršanas (turpmāk — “
Krāpšanas novēršana
”) un ģeogrāfiskās atbilstības verifikācija (turpmāk — “
Ģeogrāfiskās atrašanās vietas verifikācija
”) Risinājumiem ir nepieciešama Personas datu apstrāde. Izņemot atsevišķos turpmāk norādītos apstākļus, attiecībā uz tādiem tiesību aktiem un noteikumiem kā Vispārīgā datu aizsardzības regula (“
VDAR
”), DoubleVerify izmanto Krāpšanas novēršanu kā “pārzinis” un Ģeogrāfiskās atrašanās vietas verifikāciju kā “apstrādātājs”. Kalifornijas štata Patērētāju privātuma likuma (“
CCPA
”) un citu ASV štatu normatīvā regulējuma kontekstā mūsu statuss var atšķirties atkarībā no konkrētajām attiecībām ar katru Klientu. Tā kā Personas datus, kurus mēs apstrādājam, vāc mūsu tehnoloģija, un mūsu klienti tos mums “dara pieejamus”, mēs parasti darbojamies kā “līgumslēdzējs” saskaņā ar CCPA vai kā “apstrādātājs” saskaņā ar citiem ASV štatu tiesību aktiem un normatīvajiem regulējumiem.  Neņemot vērā iepriekš izklāstīto, atsevišķos apstākļos, kad DoubleVerify tiek kopīgoti Personas dati, izmantojot īpaši izstrādātus integrācijas risinājumus un citus nestandarta līdzekļus, piemēram, kad attiecīgos Personas datus ievāc un nodrošina Klients, lai DoubleVerify varētu veikt analīzi, mēs varam tikt uzskatīti par “apstrādātāju vai “pakalpojumu sniedzēju” saskaņā ar CCPA.  Šis ir visplašāk sastopamais scenārijs mūsu partnerattiecībās ar sociālo plašsaziņas līdzekļu Klientiem un citiem Klientiem, kuri darbina patentētas vides, ko bieži mēdz dēvēt par “slēgtajām ekosistēmām”.
Izņemot krāpšanas novēršanu, tostarp, ja nepieciešams, lai kvalificētu seansus saskaņā ar standarta nozares praksi (piemēram, Media Ratings Council vadlīnijām) un Ģeogrāfiskās atrašanās vietas verifikāciju, citiem DoubleVerify Risinājumiem (piemēram, skatāmībai, zīmola drošībai un piemērotībai) parasti nav nepieciešama Personas datu apstrāde. Tomēr pastāv apstākļi, piemēram, gadījumi, kad mēs varam nodrošināt Klientiem tādus Risinājumus, kas darbojas “slēgtajās ekosistēmās”, kur attiecīgie Klienti, pildot pārziņa funkcijas, var pieprasīt DoubleVerify apstrādāt Galalietotāju vai tādu personu papildu Personas datus, kuri izveido kontus un saturu Klientu vidēs. Ikvienā šādā scenārijā apstrādājamos Personas datus nosaka Klients, kurš, pildīdams pārziņa funkcijas, pēc saviem ieskatiem nosaka arī attiecīgo Personas datu apstrādes juridisko pamatu. Lai iegūtu plašāku informāciju par šādu Klientu privātuma praksi, apstrādātajiem Personas datiem un piemērojamo apstrādes juridisko pamatu, jums ir jāaplūko katra Klienta attiecīgais un piemērojamais paziņojums par privātumu vai citi attiecīgi paziņojumi. Jums sazinoties ar DoubleVerify nolūkā interesēties par šīm programmām, mēs varam sniegt jums noteiktu pamatinformāciju par darbu, ko mēs veicam attiecīgo Klientu uzdevumā, taču mēs iesakām sazināties ar attiecīgajiem Klientiem vai aplūkot privātuma dokumentus, kurus tie izvieto sev piederošajos resursos.
Attiecībā uz tiesību aktiem, piemēram, VDAR, DoubleVerify juridisko pamatu veikt Personas datu apstrādi, izmantojot Risinājumus, nosaka: i) mūsu Klientu leģitīmās intereses izvairīties no krāpšanas, kas saistīta ar reklāmu, un rādīt ģeogrāfiski precīzu un atbilstošu informāciju Galalietotājiem; ii) Galalietotāju leģitīmās intereses saņemt ģeogrāfiski precīzu un atbilstošu informāciju bez krāpšanas; un iii) vispārīgās sabiedrības leģitīmās intereses turpināt baudīt bezmaksas internetu.
DoubleVerify piedalās IAB pārskatāmības un piekrišanas sistēmā (TCFv2.2 — Vendor ID 126), un mēs izmantojam leģitīmās intereses kā pamatu datu vākšanai turpmāk minētajiem nolūkiem.
Lai garantētu drošību, novērstu un atklātu krāpšanu un labotu kļūdas (1. speciālais nolūks)
Lai piegādātu un prezentētu reklāmu un saturu (2. speciālais nolūks)
Lai saglabātu un paziņotu privātuma izvēles (3. speciālais nolūks)
Lai mērītu reklāmu veiktspēju (7. nolūks)
Lai nodrošinātu pakalpojumu izstrādi un uzlabošanu (10. nolūks)
Ierobežotos gadījumos iestāde, kas atbild par IAB Eiropas pārskatāmības un piekrišanas ietvaru īpašumā, kurā darbojas DoubleVerify Risinājumi, var noteikt, ka mūsu Ģeogrāfiskās atrašanās vietas verifikācija ir atkarīga no piekrišanas. Šajos ļoti ierobežotos gadījumos piekrišana attiektos uz turpmāk minēto.
Lai ierobežotu datu izmantošanu reklāmas atlasīšanas mērķiem (2. nolūks)
Lai mērītu reklāmu veiktspēju (7. nolūks)
Lai nodrošinātu pakalpojumu izstrādi un uzlabošanu (10. nolūks)
3. Kādus datus mēs vācam un kādi ir to vākšanas nolūki?
Lai īstenotu savus lietišķos mērķus nodrošināt, uzturēt un uzlabot savus Risinājumus, DoubleVerify vāc un izmanto noteiktas Personas datu kategorijas un Tehnisko informāciju. DoubleVerify Risinājumos vākto Personas datu un Tehniskās informācijas kategorijas ir izklāstītas turpmāk. Ciktāl Personas dati ir nepieciešami vienas vai vairāku DoubleVerify Risinājumu funkciju darbībai šādi Personas dati tiek izmantoti tikai turpmāk izklāstītajiem konkrētajiem nolūkiem, ja vien tiesību aktos nav noteikts citādi. Turklāt dažās situācijās var būt nepieciešams apstrādāt personas datus kopā ar noteiktu Tehnisko informāciju, lai DoubleVerify Risinājumi darbotos pienācīgi. Ikvienā šādā scenārijā apvienotie dati tiek uzskatīti par Personas datiem un tie attiecīgi tiek aizsargāti. Mēs nekādā gadījumā nemēdzam apvienot, analizēt vai bagātināt sevis apstrādātos Personas datus un Tehniskos datus ar papildu informāciju nolūkā identificēt Galalietotājus. Mēs nekādā gadījumā nemēdzam izsekot jūs vai tiešsaistes darbības, kuras jūs veicat lietotnēs un tīmekļa vietnēs vai laika gaitā, mēs nepaļaujamies uz tādām noturīgām tehnoloģijām kā trešo personu sīkdatnes, kā arī nekādā gadījumā neveidojam profilus vai auditoriju grupas nolūkā veikt mērķtiecīgas darbības attiecībā uz personām.
Tehniskās informācijas kategorijas, kuras tiek vāktas un izmantotas DoubleVerify Risinājumu darbināšanai.
Reklāmas kampaņu atribūti — tiek vākts un apstrādāts reklāmu rādošā reklāmdevēja identifikators, tā kampaņas un izvietojuma identifikatori, tā plašsaziņas līdzekļa īpašuma vai reklamējošās platformas starpnieku identifikatori, kuri pārdod reklāmdevējam instrumentu, nolūkā identificēt mūsu apkalpoto Klientu, lai piemērotu Klientam atbilstošus iestatījumus, segmentētu Klienta pārskatus atbilstīgi šiem identifikatoriem un izrakstītu rēķinus Klientam.
Tīmekļa satura atribūti — tiek vākta tās lapas/kadra tīmekļa adrese (URL), kurā tiek rādīta reklāma, un ikvienas atsauces lapas/kadra adrese nolūkā nodrošināt, ka reklāma tiek rādīta atbilstīgajā kontekstā, kuru mūsu Klients ir iestatījis mūsu sistēmas profila iestatījumos.
Mobilo lietotņu atribūti — mobilās lietotnes nosaukums, ID, lietotņu veikala nosaukums, lietotnes izstrādātājs, tās novērtējums zvaigznīšu izteiksmē, vecuma kategorija un cita publiski pieejamā informācija par mobilo lietotni, kurā tiek rādīta reklāma. Šī informācija tiek izmantota, lai nodrošinātu, ka reklāma tiek rādīta atbilstīgajā kontekstā, kuru mūsu Klients ir iestatījis mūsu sistēmas profila iestatījumos.
Digitālās vides atribūti — tiek vākts savienotās ierīces veids, kurā tiek rādīta reklāma: mobilā, darbvirsmas, savienota ar TV vai cita veida ierīces, tās lapas atveidošanai izmantotā pārlūka veids, versija un operētājsistēma, kurā parādās reklāma, nolūkā noteikt, kura koda versija pienācīgi darbotos attiecīgajā vidē, un noteikt, vai reklāmai bija iespēja kļūt pieejamai ekrānā atbilstoši nozares standartiem, kas atšķiras starp vidēm.
Aplūkojamības atribūti — tiek vākta reklāmas atrašanās vieta lapā, reklāmas izmērs, ekrāna izmērs, skatlauks, cilnes fokusa statuss, pārlūka fokusa statuss, laika periods, kurā reklāma atradās tīmekļa vietnes aplūkojamajā daļā un ritināšanas pozīcija nolūkā noteikt, vai reklāmai bija iespēja kļūt aplūkojamai ekrānā, un sniegt attiecīgus pārskatus Klientiem.
Eksponētības un mijiedarbības elementi — tiek vākti dati, kuri parāda, vai uz reklāmas tika klikšķināts, pavilkts ar pirkstu, veikts pieskāriens, mainīts tās lielums, tā tika izlaista, izslēgta skaņa, apturēta, pārvirzīts kursors vai mainīts atskaņošanas skaļums nolūkā palīdzēt mūsu Klientiem izmērīt reklāmas, kampaņas vai plašsaziņas līdzekļa īpašuma rezultātus.
Krāpšanas novēršanai vākto un izmantoto datu kategorijas:
pseidonīmās elektroniskās klātbūtnes un ierīču identifikatori t. i., IP adrese, lietotāja aģenta virkne vai šo divu vērtību atvasinājumi — tiek izmantoti nolūkā novērtēt, vai tiešsaistes klātbūtne vai ierīce ir saistīta ar krāpšanas shēmu vai piedalās tajā.
Ģeogrāfiskās atrašanās vietas verifikācijas veikšanas vākto un izmantoto datu kategorijas:
pseidonīmās elektroniskās klātbūtnes un ierīču identifikatori — IP adrese — tiek vākti nolūkā noteikt ar tiem saistīto ģeogrāfisko atrašanās vietu. Katra IP adrese ir saistīta ar kādu valsti, un ASV tā var būt saistīta ar konkrētāku informāciju, kuras precīzuma pakāpe var būt līdz pat pasta indeksam. Nekādā gadījumā netiek vākta precīza jūsu ģeogrāfiskās atrašanās vietas informācija.
Noteiktos apstākļos daži no tā klientiem, piemēram, Klienti, kuri darbina “slēgtu(-as) ekosistēmu(-as)”, var pieprasīt DoubleVerify apstrādāt papildu Personas datus nolūkā iespējot Risinājumus. Šādi papildu Personas dati var būt saistīti ar Galalietotājiem, personām, kuri izveido kontus šādās “slēgtās ekosistēmās”, vai personām, kuras veido saturu, kas tiek publicēts attiecīgajās “slēgto ekosistēmu” vidēs. Tādā mērā, kādā Klients, kurš darbina “slēgtu ekosistēmu”, pieprasa DoubleVerify apstrādāt papildu Personas datus nolūkā iespējot Risinājumus, DoubleVerify apstrādā attiecīgos Personas datus tikai ar mērķi izpildīt savus pienākumus pret Klientu, stingri ievērojot Klienta norādījumus, kas nepieciešami, lai darbinātu, uzturētu un attiecīgā gadījumā uzlabotu Risinājumus. Mēs strādājam uzcītīgi ar šādiem Klientiem, lai nodrošinātu, ka tiek apstrādāti tikai tādi Personas dati, kas ir nepieciešami attiecīgajiem nolūkiem. Konkrētos apstākļos mūsu mijiedarbība ar “slēgtu ekosistēmu” var novest pie neplānotas Personas datu saņemšanas. DoubleVerify tiecas rūpīgi uzraudzīt šādās situācijās, lai nodrošinātu, ka Personas dati netiek šādos gadījumos apstrādāti, izņemot to drošu dzēšanu no mūsu sistēmām. Tā kā šādos scenārijos konkrētās Personas datu kategorijas atšķiras no katram Klientam pielāgotās integrācijas un tā pieņemtajiem lēmumiem, un tās atšķiras starp dažādiem Klientiem, jautājumu gadījumā mēs iesakām sazināties ar attiecīgajiem Klientiem vai aplūkot privātuma dokumentus, kurus tie izvieto sev piederošajos resursos.
Risinājumi nav paredzēti bērnu Personas datu apstrādei un nav vērsti uz to. Mēs apzināti nevācam Personas datus no bērniem atbilstīgi šā jēdziena periodiskajam definējumam piemērojamajos tiesību aktos. Ja jūs esat vecāks vai aizbildnis un uzskatāt, ka Risinājumos varētu būt apstrādāti jūsu bērna Personas dati, lūdzu, sazinieties ar mums, izmantojot 13. sadaļā “
Saziņa ar DoubleVerify
” norādīto kontaktinformāciju, un mēs veiksim pasākumus, lai drošā veidā dzēstu viņa(s) Personas datus no savām sistēmām.
4. Kā mēs izmantojam savāktos datus?
DoubleVerify izmanto ievākto Tehnisko informāciju un Personas datus tikai šā Paziņojuma par Risinājumu privātuma politiku 3. sadaļā “
Kādus datus mēs vācam un kādi ir to vākšanas nolūki?
” norādītajiem nolūkiem. Kopumā Tehniskā informācija un jūsu Personas dati tiek apstrādāti nolūkā nodrošināt Klientiem pārskatus, informācijas paneļus, atsauksmes un skatīšanas datus (turpmāk — “
Pārskati
”). Visu veidu un formātu DoubleVerify Pārskati tiek sniegti anonimizētā un apkopotā veidā vai tādā mērā, kādā ir nepieciešama informācija par skatījumu līmeni, katrs rādījums tiek deidentificēts nolūkā nodrošināt, lai Galalietotāju Personas dati nekādā gadījumā netiktu izpausti Klientiem. Neņemot vērā iepriekš izklāstīto, pārskati, kas tiek sastādīti Klientiem, kuri darbina “slēgtas ekosistēmas” (piemēram, sociālo plašsaziņas līdzekļu uzņēmumi), un citiem Klientiem, kas paļaujas uz šādiem pārskatiem (piemēram, uzņēmumi, kas izvieto reklāmas sociālo plašsaziņas līdzekļu lentēs), var ietvert informāciju par personām, kuras izveido kontus šādās “slēgtajās ekosistēmās”, vai personām, kuras veido saturu, kas tiek publicēts attiecīgajās “slēgto ekosistēmu” vidēs. Šajā sadaļā ir sniegta papildu informācija par to, kā tiek apstrādāta Tehniskā informācija un Personas dati nolūkā sasniegt šā Paziņojuma par Risinājumu privātumu 3. sadaļā norādītos lietišķos nolūkus.
DoubleVerify izmanto Risinājumos ievākto 3.1. punktā norādīto Tehnisko informāciju, lai:
veiktu analīzi un sastādītu pārskatus par kontekstu, kurā tiek rādīta reklāma, tās kvalitāti, autentiskumu un rādītājiem. Proti, informāciju, kas demonstrē to, vai rādītā reklāma atbilst Klienta iepriekš iestatītajām juridiskajām un izvietojuma prasībām, kā arī Klienta veiktos preferenču iestatījumus mūsu sistēmā;
sniegtu rādīšanas datus un iepriekšējus lēmumus par skatījumu iespējām. DoubleVerify tehnoloģija analizē rādīšanas iespējas raksturlielumus un nosaka, vai būtu vai nebūtu jārāda Klienta reklāma, piemēram, nosakot, ka apkārtējais saturs neatbilst attiecīgā Klienta zīmolam un preferencēm.
Krāpšanas novēršanas nolūkā DoubleVerify izmanto Risinājumos ievākto 3.1. un 3.2. sadaļā izklāstīto Tehnisko informāciju un Personas datus, lai:
pārskatītu un identificētu konkrētu reklāmas rādīšanu, kas ir krāpnieciska tādēļ, ka to ģenerē botu kontrolēti pārlūki, kurus nerada cilvēks;
novērtētu un identificētu nederīgu datplūsmu, piemēram, reklāmu inžektoru, datu centru izcelsmes, nepareizi atspoguļotu vai emulētu datplūsmu un citus datplūsmas veidus;
analizētu un identificētu tīmekļa vietnes, mobilās un savienoto ierīču lietotnes un plašsaziņas līdzekļu īpašumus, kuras veido krāpniecisku datplūsmu un/vai kuras ģenerē krāpnieciskus reklāmas rādījumus;
identificētu datplūsmas tendences tajās tīmekļa vietnēs, kuras piedalās krāpnieciskās reklāmas darbībās;
nošķirtu starp datplūsmu, kuru ģenerē botu kontrolēti pārlūki, kurus nerada cilvēks, no tādiem, kurus rada cilvēks;
noteiktu, vai analizētās reklāmas ievēro piemērojamās juridiskās prasības un Klientu noteiktās preferences;
noteiktu, vai starpprogrammatūra mēģina nepareizi atspoguļot savas darbības raksturiezīmes nolūkā novērst krāpšanas vai citu veidu nederīgas datplūsmas identificēšanu;
noteikt, vai tīmekļa vietnes datplūsmas vai reklāmas skatījumu izcelsme ir serveru parks, nevis cilvēka ģenerēta pārlūkošanas aktivitāte;
noteiktu, vai datplūsma tiek iegūta, veicot krāpnieciskas darbības vai citu veidu datplūsmas ieguves prakses, kas neatbilst Klienta norādēm un preferencēm;
dokumentētu IP adreses un lietotāju aģentu virknes, kas saistītas ar krāpnieciskām shēmām un cilvēka neradītu datplūsmu (turpmāk — “Krāpniecības tabulas”). Tā kā šādi datu punkti ir saistīti ar cilvēka neradītu mijiedarbību, tie neveido Personas datus.
Ģeogrāfiskās atrašanās vietas verifikācijas veikšanas nolūkā DoubleVerify izmanto Risinājumos ievākto 3.3. sadaļā izklāstīto Tehnisko informāciju un Personas datus, lai:
augstā līmenī (valsts, štats, reģions vai ASV iedzīvotāju gadījumā — pasta indekss) noteiktu Galalietotāja ģeogrāfisko atrašanās vietu un pārbaudītu, vai Galalietotājs ir iekļauts Klienta kampaņas vai datplūsmas iestatījumos.
Tādā mērā, kādā Klients, kurš darbina “slēgtu ekosistēmu”, pieprasa DoubleVerify apstrādāt papildu Personas datus nolūkā iespējot Risinājumus, DoubleVerify apstrādā attiecīgos Personas datus tikai ar mērķi izpildīt savus pienākumus pret Klientu, stingri ievērojot Klienta norādījumus, kas nepieciešami, lai darbinātu, uzturētu un attiecīgā gadījumā uzlabotu Risinājumus. Jautājumu gadījumā mēs iesakām sazināties ar attiecīgajiem Klientiem vai aplūkot privātuma dokumentus, kurus tie izvieto sev piederošajos resursos.
5. Kā un kam mēs izpaužam datus?
DoubleVerify neizpauž Personas datus trešām personām, izņemot gadījumus, kad tas ir absolūti nepieciešams mūsu lietišķajiem nolūkiem, lai darbinātu, uzturētu un uzlabotu mūsu Risinājumus. Ciktāl mēs brīvprātīgi kopīgojam Personas datus, mēs nodrošinām, ka to saņēmēji aizsargā tos saskaņā ar mūsu politikām un standartiem.
Mēs varam kopīgot jūsu Personas datus ar šādām personām:
pakalpojumu sniedzēji — uzņēmumi, kurus mēs esam nolīguši, lai tie sniegtu mums tādus pakalpojumus kā IT un sistēmu administrācija, infrastruktūras un mitināšanas pakalpojumi, pētniecība un analīze, atbalsts un kvalitātes nodrošināšana, drošības un citi pakalpojumi, kā arī iepriekš izklāstītajam juridiskajam pamatojumam atbilstošajiem nolūkiem un saskaņā ar tiem. Sazinoties ar mums, jūs varat pieprasīt mūsu Pakalpojumu sniedzēju sarakstu, to saņemto Personas datu veidu un nolūku. Kontaktinformācija ir pieejama šā Paziņojuma par Risinājumu privātumu 13. sadaļā “
Saziņa ar DoubleVerify
”.
Saistītās personas — piemēram, mātesuzņēmums, saistītais uzņēmums, meitasuzņēmums, kopuzņēmums vai citi kopīgā kontrolē esoši uzņēmumi tādā mērā, kādā tas ir nepieciešams mūsu Risinājumu darbināšanai, uzturēšanai un uzlabošanai. Sazinoties ar mums, jūs varat pieprasīt mūsu Saistīto personu sarakstu, to saņemto Personas datu veidu un nolūku. Kontaktinformācija ir pieejama šā Paziņojuma par Risinājumu privātumu 13. sadaļā “
Saziņa ar DoubleVerify
”.
Mūsu Klientu piesaistītas trešās personas — savu klientu atbalstīšanas nolūkā mēs varam integrēt savus Risinājumus ar citiem mūsu Klientu piesaistītiem instrumentiem un pakalpojumiem, lai nodrošinātu uzlabotus pakalpojumus un pārskatu iespējas. Mēs nekādā gadījumā nesaņemam tādus datus no minētās integrēšanas, kas sniedz iespēju DoubleVerify bagātināt savus datus un identificēt Galalietotājus. Dažos gadījumos mēs varam kopīgot skatījumu līmeņa informāciju ar Klientu piesaistītiem uzņēmumiem nolūkā veikt pētniecību un novērtēt mārketinga pasākumu efektivitāti. Noteiktos apstākļos mūsu Klienti var dot mums norādījumus kopīgot noteiktus Personas datus, kuri nepieciešami, lai nodrošinātu tāda produkta vai pakalpojuma funkcionalitāti, ko nepārvalda DoubleVerify.
Korporatīvā darījumā iesaistītas trešās personas — DoubleVerify iegādes vai apvienošanas ar citu uzņēmumu gadījumā vai reorganizācijas, likvidācijas vai citu būtisku korporatīvo izmaiņu gadījumā.
Mums var būt juridisks pienākums izpaust jūsu Personas datus šādos gadījumos:
a) ja valsts iestāde, šķīrējtiesa, tiesībaizsardzības vai regulatīvā iestāde pieprasa šādu izpaušanu (piemēram, veicot izmeklēšanu, tiesas pavēstes, tamlīdzīga juridiska procesa vai tiesvedības gaitā);
b) saskaņā ar citām piemērojamajos tiesību aktos, normatīvos vai noteikumos noteiktajām prasībām; un
c) ja mums ir pamats godprātīgi uzskatīt, ka šāda izpaušana ir nepieciešama mūsu vai citu personu tiesību aizsardzībai, izmeklēšanas atbalstīšanai vai nelikumīgu darbību novēršanai.
Krāpšanas tabulas un citi ar Krāpšanas novēršanu saistītie pārskati, datu plūsmas, API un informācijas paneļi, kas nesatur Personas datus, var tikt kopīgoti vai darīti pieejami Klientiem un citām trešām personām, tostarp, piemēram, nozares organizācijām, ja tas nepieciešams DoubleVerify komercdarbības veikšanai, mūsu Risinājumu Krāpšanas novēršanas daļas nodrošināšanai, uzturēšanai un pilnveidei un cīņai pret krāpšanos ar reklāmu.
Mēs nekopīgojam jūsu Personas datus ar saviem Klientiem. Visi pārskati un analīze, ko mēs darām pieejamu Klientiem, izmantojot mūsu Pārskatu portālu, ir anonīmi — tas nozīmē, ka tie nesatur Personas datus. Pārskati parasti tiek sastādīti apkopotā veidā, taču atsevišķos gadījumos rādīšanas līmeņa ziņošana tiek nodrošināta mūsu Klientiem, izmantojot FTP beigu punktus vai API, ar nosacījumu, ka šādi pārskati nesatur Personas datus. Mēs varam pēc saviem ieskatiem nepieciešamā gadījumā kopīgot Tehnisko informāciju, kas ir noformēta anonīmā, apkopotā vai jēldatu veidā, ar trešām personām, lai īstenotu savus komerciālos mērķus nodrošināt, uzturēt un uzlabot Risinājumus. Turklāt mēs varam kopīgot anonīmus vai deidentificētus datus apkopotā veidā savas komercdarbības ietvaros, piemēram, lai publicētu pētījumus un pārskatus nolūkā demonstrēt mūsu Risinājumu ieguvumu un rādītāju tendences.
Šaubu novēršanai DoubleVerify neizpauž Personas datus personām, kuras darbojas kā “uzņēmums” vai “trešā persona” saskaņā ar tādiem tiesību aktiem kā CCPA.
6. Cik ilgi mēs glabājam Personas datus?
DoubleVerify glabā savos Risinājumos apstrādātos Personas datus tikai tik ilgi, cik tas ir nepieciešams šajā Paziņojumā par Risinājumu privātumu izklāstītajiem nolūkiem, taču ne ilgāk kā četrdesmit piecas (45) dienas. Pēc šī perioda beigām Personas dati tiks drošā veidā dzēsti no DoubleVerify sistēmām.
Krāpšanas tabulas var tikt glabātas nenoteiktu laika periodu, lai nodrošinātu Krāpšanas novēršanas Risinājuma atbilstošu darbību.
Tā kā Tehniskajai informācijai ir anonīms raksturs, DoubleVerify var to glabāt nenoteiktu laika periodu vai tik ilgi, cik tas ir noteikts DoubleVerify politikās un atļauts piemērojamajos tiesību aktos un DoubleVerify līgumos ar Klientiem.
7. Kā tiek garantēta Personas datu drošība?
DoubleVerify ir ieviesis atbilstošus tehniskos, fiziskos un organizatoriskos pasākumus, kuru mērķis ir aizsargāt Personas datus pret nejaušu vai nelikumīgu iznīcināšanu vai nejaušu nozaudēšanu, bojāšanu, pārveidošanu, neatļautu to izpaušanu vai piekļuvi tiem, kā arī pret visiem citiem nelikumīgas apstrādes veidiem. Lai arī mēs ievērojam vispārīgi pieņemtus standartus un paraugpraksi Personas datu aizsardzības jomā, neviens datu glabāšanas vai nosūtīšanas veids nav simtprocentīgi drošs. Tomēr mēs pastāvīgi strādājam pie savu aizsardzības pasākumu pilnveides un jūsu Personas datu drošības nodrošināšanas.
8. Kā Personas dati tiek pārsūtīti starptautiski?
Lūdzu, esiet informēts(-a), ka mūsu ievāktie Personas dati var tikt nosūtīti uz tādiem serveriem vai datu bāzēm, kas atrodas ārpus jūsu štata, provinces, valsts vai citas jurisdikcijas, un tie var tikt glabāti tajās. Lai arī jūsu Personas dati var tikt nosūtīti, izmantojot vietējo pagaidu datu glabāšanas centru, lai nodrošinātu Risinājumu efektivitāti un reaģētspēju, DoubleVerify galu galā uzglabā visus Risinājumos ievāktos Personas datus Amerikas Savienotajās Valstīs. Tā kā mēs esam globāls uzņēmums, mums ir biroji Amerikas Savienotajās Valstīs, Apvienotajā Karalistē, Francijā, Beļģijā, Somijā, Vācijā, Izraēlā, Kanādā, Meksikā, Brazīlijā, Japānā, Indijā, Singapūrā un Austrālijā. Mūsu darbiniekiem šajās atrašanās vietās var būt nepieciešams piekļūt jūsu Personas datiem nolūkā nodrošināt atbalstu Risinājumiem. Dažās no šīm atrašanās vietām, piemēram, Amerikas Savienotajās Valstīs, noteiktais datu aizsardzības līmenis var būt zemāks nekā Eiropas Savienībā vai tādās citās jurisdikcijās noteiktais līmenis, kurās ir ieviesti stingri privātuma tiesību akti un normatīvi.
Mēs īstenojam pasākumus, lai nodrošinātu, ka mēs glabājam jūsu Personas datus drošā veidā, nodrošinot atbilstību Eiropas Savienībā strādājošajiem uzņēmumiem noteiktās regulatīvās privātuma un drošības prasības. Tāpat mēs nodrošinām, ka ikviens jūsu Personas datu saņēmējs piedāvā atbilstošu aizsardzības līmeni un drošību, piemēram, noslēdzot attiecīgus līgumus ar trešām personām un nepieciešamības gadījumā piemērojot tādas līgumu standartklauzulas vai alternatīvus mehānismus datu nosūtīšanai, kuras ir apstiprinājusi Eiropas Komisija vai cita attiecīgā regulatīvā iestāde. Šajā Paziņojumā par privātumu izklāstītā DoubleVerify privātuma prakse atbilst APEC Pārrobežu privātuma noteikumu (SBPR) sistēmai un Apstrādātāju privātuma atzīšanas (PRP) sistēmai. APEC CBPR sistēma un APEC PRP sistēma sniedz satvaru organizācijām tādu Personas datu aizsardzības nodrošināšanai, kas tiek nosūtīti starp iesaistītajām APEC ekonomikām. Plašāka informācija par APEC satvariem ir pieejama
šeit
. Jautājumu gadījumā par to, kur mēs glabājam Personas datus, jūs varat sazināties ar mums, izmantojot šā Globālā paziņojuma par privātumu 13. sadaļā “
Saziņa ar DoubleVerify
” norādīto kontaktinformāciju.
Turklāt DoubleVerify Inc. un tā meitasuzņēmumi Outrigger Media, Inc. d/b/a OpenSlate, Scibids Technology Inc., Zentrick Inc. (“DoubleVerify”) atbilst ES-ASV datu privātuma regulējumam (EU-U.S. DPF), Apvienotās Karalistes EU-U.S. DPF papildinājumam un Šveices-ASV datu privātuma regulējumam (Swiss-U.S. DPF), kā to noteicis ASV Tirdzniecības departaments. DoubleVerify ir apliecinājis ASV Tirdzniecības departamentam, ka tas ievēro ES-ASV Datu privātuma regulējuma principus (EU-U.S. DPF principi) attiecībā uz tādu personas datu apstrādi, kas saņemti no Eiropas Savienības, pamatojoties uz EU-U.S. DPF, un attiecībā uz tādu datu apstrādi, kas saņemti no Apvienotās Karalistes (un Gibraltāra), pamatojoties uz Apvienotās Karalistes ES-ASV DPF papildinājumu. DoubleVerify ir apliecinājis ASV Tirdzniecības departamentam, ka tas ievēro Šveices-ASV datu privātuma regulējuma principus (Swiss-U.S. DPF principi) attiecībā uz tādu personas datu apstrādi, kas saņemti no Šveices, pamatojoties uz Šveices-ASV datu privātuma regulējumu.  Ja pastāv pretrunas starp šīs privātuma politikas noteikumiem un U.S. DPF principiem un/vai Šveices-ASV DPF regulējuma principiem, tad DPF principi ir noteicošie.  Lai uzzinātu vairāk par programmu Data privātuma regulējuma (DPF) programmu un skatītu mūsu sertifikātu, lūdzu, apmeklējiet vietni https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/.
DoubleVerify ir atbildīgs par tādu personas datu apstrādi, ko tas saņem saskaņā ar DPF un pēc tam nodod trešajai personai, kura darbojas kā aģents tās vārdā.  DoubleVerify ievēro DPF principus attiecībā uz visu personas datu tālāku pārsūtīšanu no ES, Apvienotās Karalistes un Šveices, tostarp turpmākās pārsūtīšanas atbildības noteikumus.
Federālās tirdzniecības komisijas jurisdikcijā ir DoubleVerify atbilstība EU-U.S. DPF, Apvienotās Karalistes EU-U.S. DPF papildinājumam un Šveices-ASV regulējumam. Noteiktās situācijās DoubleVerify var tikt pieprasīts izpaust personas datus, atbildot uz valsts iestāžu likumīgiem pieprasījumiem, tostarp, lai izpildītu valsts drošības vai tiesībaizsardzības prasības.
Saskaņā ar EU-U.S. DPF, Apvienotās Karalistes EU-U.S. DPF papildinājumu un Šveices-ASV regulējumu DoubleVerify apņemas izskatīt neatrisinātas sūdzības par to, kā mēs rīkojamies ar personas datiem, kas saņemti, pamatojoties uz EU-U.S. DPF, Apvienotās Karalistes EU-U.S. DPF papildinājumu un Šveices-ASV regulējumu ar TRUSTe palīdzību, kas ir alternatīvu strīdu izšķiršanas pakalpojumu sniedzējs Amerikas Savienotajās Valstīs.  Ja nesaņemat no mums savlaicīgu apstiprinājumu savai sūdzībai saistībā ar DPF principiem vai ja mēs neesam izskatījuši jūsu ar DPF principiem saistīto sūdzību tā, lai jūs būtu apmierināts(-a), lūdzu, apmeklējiet vietni https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request, lai iegūtu papildinformāciju vai iesniegtu sūdzību.  Šie strīdu izšķiršanas pakalpojumi jums tiek sniegti bez maksas.
Attiecībā uz sūdzībām saistībā ar DPF atbilstību, kas nav atrisinātas ar citiem DPF mehānismiem, noteiktos apstākļos jums ir iespēja vērsties pie saistošas šķīrējtiesas. Papildinformāciju var atrast oficiālajā DPF tīmekļa vietnē.
9. Kādas ir jūsu tiesības?
Galalietotājiem noteiktās jurisdikcijās var būt tādas datu subjekta tiesības, kas sniedz tiem iespēju iesniegt pieprasījumus saistībā ar saviem Personas datiem. Vairākumā jurisdikciju ir noteiktas Galalietotājiem tiesības arī būt informētiem par to, kā tiek vākti un izmantoti to Personas dati, un ar kurām personām tie var tikt kopīgoti vai kurām tie var tikt izpausti un kādēļ. DoubleVerify Paziņojums par Risinājumu privātumu ir paredzēts šādu prasību izpildei, taču, ja jums ir papildu jautājumi vai ja jūs vēlaties labāk izprast to, kā var tikt vākti vai izmantoti jūsu Personas dati vai ar kurām personām tie var tikt kopīgoti vai kurām tie var tikt izpausti un kādēļ, lūdzu, sazinieties ar mums, izmantojot 13. sadaļā “
Saziņa ar DoubleVerify
” norādīto kontaktinformāciju.
Cita starpā Eiropas Ekonomikas zonas, Apvienotās Karalistes, Šveices vai Kalifornijas iedzīvotājiem ir vairākas tiesības saskaņā ar piemērojamajiem personas datu aizsardzības tiesību aktiem un noteikumiem, piemēram, saskaņā ar VDAR un CCPA. Lai izmantotu šīs tiesības, jūs varat izmantot
šo Veidlapu
vai sazināties ar mums, izmantojot 13. sadaļā “
Saziņa ar mums DoubleVerify
” norādīto kontaktinformāciju. Saskaņā ar noteiktiem tiesību aktiem un normatīviem, piemēram, CCPA, jūs varat arī norīkot pilnvarotu pārstāvi iesniegt pieprasījumu izpildīt noteiktas tiesības jūsu vārdā. Mēs apņemamies nediskriminēt jūs un nevērst pret jums represijas par savu tiesību izmantošanu.
Šīs tiesības ir:
tiesības piekļūt mūsu rīcībā esošajiem jūsu Personas datiem, tostarp informācijai par Personas datu kategorijām un konkrētiem elementiem;
tiesības labot visus mūsu rīcībā esošos neprecīzos jūsu Personas datus; Lūdzu, paturiet prātā, ka sakarā ar mūsu vākto Personas datu raksturu un vākšanas veidu, ir maz ticams, ka mūsu rīcībā ir neprecīzi Personas dati vai ka tie atbilst tādiem apstākļiem, kuros ir nepieciešama labošana;
tiesības pieprasīt, lai DoubleVerify dzēstu visus mūsu rīcībā esošos jūsu Personas datus;
tiesības pieprasīt, lai jūsu Personas datu apstrāde tiktu apturēta vai ierobežota uz noteiktu laiku, piemēram, kamēr jūs novērtējat, vai jums ir citas tiesības, kuras vēlaties izmantot;
ciktāl jūsu Personas dati tiek apstrādāti, pamatojoties uz leģitīmām interesēm, jums ir tiesības iebilst pret šādu apstrādi;
ciktāl jūsu Personas dati tiek apstrādāti, pamatojoties uz jūsu piekrišanu, atsaukt šādu piekrišanu, izmantojot IAB Europe pārredzamības un piekrišanas pamatnostādnēm.
Mēs izpildām visus ar Galalietotājiem saistītos pieprasījumus, maksimāli iespējamajā apmērā, ar nosacījumu, ka mēs varam noteikt Galalietotāja sakritību ar tiem Personas datiem, kas tiek glabāti mūsu sistēmās. Tomēr noteiktos apstākļos mums var būt nepieciešams pārbaudīt jūsu identitāti, lai izpildītu attiecīgi pieprasījumu. Jūsu identitātes pārbaudīšanai vai jūsu pieprasījuma tvēruma izprašanai mums var būt nepieciešams pieprasīt papildu informāciju par jums. Jums netiks pieprasīts izveidot kontu mūsu sistēmā, lai iesniegtu pieprasījumu vai panāktu tā izpildi. Jums būs nepieciešams norādīt e-pasta adresi, lai mēs varētu sazināties ar jums un izpildīt jūsu pieprasījumu, kā arī sniegt citu informāciju, kura var būt mums nepieciešama, lai pārbaudītu, vai mūsu rīcībā ir jūsu Personas dati. Lūdzu, ņemiet vērā, ka noteiktos apstākļos mēs varam nespēt izpildīt jūsu pieprasījumu, taču šādā gadījumā mēs izskaidrosim jums iemeslu. Ja mūsu rīcībā nav nekādu jūsu Personas datu, mēs jums to attiecīgi darīsim zināmu. Mēs pieliekam maksimālas pūles, lai atbildētu uz vaicājumiem un pieprasījumiem iespējami saprātīgā laikā, taču, lūdzu, dodiet mums trīsdesmit (30) dienas laika atbildes sniegšanai.
Gadījumos, kad DoubleVerify pilda “apstrādātāja”, “pārzinis” vai “pakalpojumu sniedzēja” funkcijas saskaņā ar piemērojamajos tiesību aktos noteikto, jums var būt nepieciešams novirzīt savu tiesību izmantošanas pieprasījumus attiecīgajam Klientam, kurš pilda “pārziņa” vai “uzņēmuma” funkcijas.
10. Papildinformācija
Noteikti privātuma jomas tiesību akti un normatīvi, piemēram, CCPA, nosaka pienākumu uzņēmumiem norādīt, vai tie tirgo Personas datus. DoubleVerify neizpauž Personas datus veidā, kas saskaņā ar Kalifornijas, Virdžīnijas, Nevadas štata vai līdzīgiem tiesību aktiem varētu tikt uzskatīts par to “tirgošanu” vai “kopīgošanu”.
11. Vai DoubleVerify izmanto mākslīgo intelektu?
DoubleVerify izmanto mākslīgo intelektu (“MI”) dažādā apmērā un dažādos veidos visā organizācijā. Lai arī DoubleVerify izmanto MI tehnoloģijas, mēs neiesaistāmies “automātiskā lēmumu pieņemšanā”, kā tas definēts piemērojamajos privātuma tiesību aktos un noteikumos.
12. Regulējošie tiesību akti
Tiesību aktos un normatīvos maksimāli piemērojamajā un atļautajā apmērā šo Paziņojumu par Risinājumu privātumu reglamentē un interpretē saskaņā ar Delavēras štata tiesību aktiem, un jebkādu strīdu gadījumā jurisdikcija ir Delavēras štatam.
13. Vai mēs atjauninām šo Paziņojumu par Risinājumu privātumu?
Mēs varam periodiski atjaunināt šo Paziņojumu par Risinājumu privātumu nolūkā atspoguļot mūsu Risinājumu, prakses, politiku vai citas iekšējās vai ārējās izmaiņas, kā arī izpildīt jaunās juridiskās prasības. Visas izmaiņas tiks publiskotas, kā tikko tās stāsies spēkā. Ja mēs ieviesīsim izmaiņas, mēs atjaunināsim šā Paziņojuma par Risinājumu privātumu augšdaļā norādīto “spēkā stāšanās datumu”, lai palīdzētu jums izprast, kad ir tikušas ieviestas izmaiņas. Lai būtu informēts(-a) par visiem šādiem atjauninājumiem, iesakām jums regulāri aplūkot šo Paziņojumu par Risinājumu privātumu.  Lūdzu, ņemiet vērā, ka visi šā Paziņojuma par Risinājumu privātumu tulkojumi ir paredzēti tikai tam, lai nodrošinātu jums pieejamību šai informācijai. Šā Paziņojuma par Risinājumu privātumu versija angļu valodā ir vienīgā tā oficiālā versija, un nekādas tulkojuma neprecizitātes vai neatbilstības nav saistošas un tām nav nekāda juridiska spēka atbilstības vai izpildes ziņā.
14. Saziņa ar DoubleVerify
Jautājumu, bažu vai komentāru gadījumā par Paziņojumu par Risinājumu privātumu vai, ja jūs uzskatāt, ka jūsu Personas dati ir tikuši izmantoti veidā, kas neatbilst Paziņojumam par privātumu vai jūsu veiktajai izvēlei, jūs varat sazināties ar mūsu Privātuma grupu, izmantojot šādu kontaktinformāciju:
Privacy Officer / Data Protection Officer (Privacy Team) Contact Information
DoubleVerify Inc.
462 Broadway
New York, NY 10013
privacy-policy@doubleverify.com
Ja jums ir neatrisinātas bažas par privātumu vai datu lietojumu, kuras mēs neesam pienācīgi atrisinājuši, lūdzu, sazinieties ar mūsu ASV esošo trešo personu strīdu atrisināšanas nodrošinātāju (bez maksas), izmantojot šādu kontaktinformāciju:
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
. Mēs esam apņēmušies panākt taisnīgu risinājumu ikvienas tādas sūdzības vai bažu gadījumā, kas jums var būt saistībā ar privātumu vai Paziņojumu par Risinājumu privātumu. Taču, ja jūs uzskatāt, ka mēs neesam spējuši jums palīdzēt, nekas no šajā Paziņojumā par Risinājumu privātumu neierobežo un nemēģina ierobežot jūsu dzīvesvietas valsts piemērojamajos aktos noteiktās jūsu tiesības iesniegt sūdzību vietējā datu aizsardzības iestādē vai citā aģentūrā, kam ir kompetence privātuma jautājumos.
Įsigaliojimo data: 2024 m. birželio 28 d.
Apžvalga
„DoubleVerify, Inc.“, kartu su savo patronuojamosiomis bendrovėmis visame pasaulyje (kartu – „
DoubleVerify“
,
mes
ir visos šios įvardžio formos bei numanomi kreipiniai) yra skaidrumo ir atskaitingumo reklamos internete sektoriaus lyderė. „DoubleVerify“ naudoja įvairias technologijas rinkdama informaciją apie reklamą internetu, svetainės duomenų srautą, mobiliųjų programų srautą ir prijungtų įrenginių srautą, kad pristatytų reklamos veiklos skaidrumo ir atskaitomybės produktus bei sprendinius (kartu –
Sprendiniai
). Šiame privatumo pareiškime (
Sprendinių privatumo pareiškime
) paaiškinama, kas esame, kaip renkame, naudojame ir dalijamės asmens duomenimis per mūsų Sprendinius, taip pat tai, kaip galite pasinaudoti savo privatumo teisėmis.
Jeigu norite daugiau informacijos apie tai, kaip „DoubleVerify“ tvarko Asmens duomenis, surinktus mūsų viešose svetainėse, perskaitykite mūsų
Svetainių ir rinkodaros privatumo pareiškimą
.
Jeigu naudojatės „DoubleVerify“ Sprendiniais ir norite daugiau informacijos apie tai, kai „DoubleVerify“ tvarko Asmens duomenis, surinktus per mūsų pranešimo priemones, perskaitykite mūsų
Pranešimo priemonių privatumo pareiškimą
.
Sparčiosios nuorodos
Rekomenduojame Jums perskaityti visą šį Sprendinių privatumo pareiškimą, kad gautumėte visą informaciją. Tačiau, kad Jums būtų lengviau surasti ir perskaityti konkrečias šio Sprendinių privatumo pareiškimo dalis, suskirstėme jį į šiuos skyrius:
Kas yra „DoubleVerify“?
Koks mūsų Duomenų tvarkymo vaidmuo, tikslai ir teisinis pagrindas?
Kokius duomenis renkame ir kokiais tikslais?
Kaip naudojame surinktus duomenis?
Kaip ir kam atskleidžiame duomenis?
Kiek ilgai laikome Asmens duomenis?
Kaip Asmens duomenys apsaugomi?
Kaip Asmens duomenys perduodami į kitas šalis?
Kokios yra Jūsų teisės?
Papildomai atskleidžiama informacija
Ar „DoubleVerify“ naudojasi dirbtiniu intelektu?
Reglamentuojančioji teisė
Kaip dažnai atnaujiname šį Sprendinių privatumo pareiškimą?
Kaip susisiekti su „DoubleVerify“?
1. Kas yra „DoubleVerify“?
„DoubleVerify“ akredituotos platformos teikia nepriklausomas skaitmeninių žiniasklaidos matavimų, reklaminių skelbimų (arba skelbimų) peržiūros ir srauto svetainėje vertinimo paslaugas, padėdamos reklamuotojams, agentūroms ir reklamuojamų prekių pardavėjams (kartu –
Klientai
) patvirtinti tikslias prekių pristatymo ypatybes, įskaitant prekės ženklo saugumą, matomumo metriką, kontekstinius ir aplinkos parametrus (pavyzdžiui, svetainė, kurioje rodomas skelbimas, ir kur ji rodoma tinklalapyje), skelbimo peržiūros ir svetainės srauto kokybės charakteristikas, taip pat pateikiamos įžvalgos, suteikiančios galimybę mūsų klientams priimti pagrįstus sprendinius dėl jų kūrybos ir prekės ženklo vietos.
Mes tikime, kad kiekvieno asmens, kurio informaciją galime tvarkyti bet kokiais tikslais, privatumas turi būti patikimai saugomas, kadangi privatumas yra pagrindinė teisė, kuri neturėtų priklausyti nuo Jūsų gyvenamosios vietos. Tą principą įgyvendindami bet kokius duomenis, susijusius ar susietus su asmeniu, kurio tapatybė yra arba gali būti nustatyta, laikome „Asmens duomenimis“ nepriklausomai nuo asmens buvimo vietos. Teikdama Sprendinius, „DoubleVerify“ renka tik informaciją, pagal kurią asmens tapatybės nustatyti be papildomos informacijos neįmanoma. Pavyzdžiui, „DoubleVerify“ tvarko Jūsų interneto protokolo (IP) adresą, t. y. numerį, kuris suteikiamas kompiuteriui, kai naudojamas internetas. Nors tokią informaciją „DoubleVerify“ laiko Asmens duomenimis, pagal geriausią praktiką ir galiojančius teisės aktus mes niekada nejungiame tos informacijos su jokiais kitais duomenimis, pagal kuriuos galėtume nustatyti tapatybę asmens, su kuriuo ta informacija susijusi.
Šis Sprendinių privatumo pareiškimas skirtas informuoti asmenis, kurių duomenys gali būti tvarkomi per mūsų Sprendinius (
Galutinis (‑iai) vartotojas (‑ai)
, arba
Jūs
visos šios įvardžio formos bei numanomi kreipiniai) apie: 1) informaciją, kurią „DoubleVerify“ gali rinkti apie Jus arba Jūsų įrenginį, tipus, kai mūsų analizuojamas reklaminis skelbimas parodomas Jūsų matomoje svetainėje arba Jūsų naudojamoje programėlėje, 2) mūsų privatumo praktiką, kaip mes galime naudoti, dalytis ir kitaip tvarkyti informaciją, kuri laikoma asmens duomenimis, ir 3) Jūsų teises tokių Asmens duomenų atžvilgiu. Šiame Sprendinių privatumo pareiškime taip pat paaiškinama, kokią neasmeninę informaciją (
Techninė informacija
) renkame apie stebimus skelbimus, ir kaip tą techninę informaciją naudojame mūsų Sprendiniams kurti.
2. Koks mūsų Duomenų tvarkymo vaidmuo, tikslai ir teisinis pagrindas?
„DoubleVerify“ sukčiavimo atpažinimo ir prevencijos (
Sukčiavimo prevencija
) ir geografinės atitikties patikrinimo (
Geografinė patikra
) Sprendiniams būtina tvarkyti Asmens duomenis Išskyrus ribotas toliau apibūdintas aplinkybes, atsižvelgiant į įstatymus ir kitus teisės aktus, tokius kaip Bendrasis duomenų apsaugos reglamentas (
BDAR
), „DoubleVerify“ Sukčiavimo prevenciją vykdo kaip „valdytojas“, o Geografinę patikrą kaip „tvarkytojas“. Vertinant pagal Kalifornijos vartotojų privatumo aktą (angl.
California Consumer Privacy Act
, CCPA) ir kitų JAV valstijų reguliavimo sistemas mūsų vaidmuo gali skirtis, atsižvelgiant į konkrečius santykius su kiekvienu Klientu. Kadangi mūsų tvarkomi Asmens duomenys yra renkami naudojantis mūsų technologija ir „pateikiami“ mums mūsų Klientų, pagal CCPA paprastai esame „rangovas“ arba pagal kitų JAV valstijų įstatymus ir kitas reguliavimo sistemas – „tvarkytojas“.  Nepaisant ankstesnių nuostatų, ribotomis aplinkybėmis, kai Asmens duomenys pateikiami „DoubleVerify“ per specialiai suprojektuotus įterpinius ir kitomis nestandartinėmis priemonėmis, pvz., kai tokie Asmens duomenys renkami ir teikiami Kliento, kad „DoubleVerify“ atliktų analizę, pagal CCPA mes galime būti laikomi „tvarkytoju“ arba „paslaugų teikėju“.  Šis scenarijus dažniausias mums bendradarbiaujant su socialinių tinklų Klientais ir kitais Klientais, kurie valdo nuosavybinę aplinką, dažnai vadinamą „uždarąja platforma“.
Išskyrus Sukčiavimo prevenciją, įskaitant būtinybę kvalifikuoti įspūdžius pagal standartinę srities praktiką (pvz., Žiniasklaidos reitingų komisijos (angl.
Media Ratings Council
) gaires) ir Geografinę patikrą, kitiems „DoubleVerify“ Sprendiniams (pvz., žiūrimumo, prekės ženklo saugumo ir tinkamumo) paprastai nereikia tvarkyti Asmens duomenų. Tačiau būna aplinkybių, pvz., atvejų, kai galime teikti tokius Sprendinius Klientams, kurie valdo „uždarąsias platformas“, kai šie Klientai, būdami valdytojais, gali reikalauti „DoubleVerify“ tvarkyti papildomus Galutinių vartotojų arba asmenų, kurie sukuria paskyras ir turinį Kliento aplinkoje, Asmens duomenis. Bet kokiu tokiu atveju sprendimą, kokie Asmens duomenys yra tvarkomi, priima Klientai, kurie, būdami valdytojai, taip pat savo nuožiūra nusprendžia dėl tokių Asmens duomenų tvarkymo teisinio pagrindo. Daugiau informacijos apie šią Klientų privatumo praktiką, tvarkomus Asmens duomenis ir taikomą duomenų tvarkymo teisinį pagrindą, pateikta kiekvieno Kliento atitinkamuose ir taikomuose privatumo pareiškimuose. Jeigu kreipiatės į „DoubleVerify“ pasiteirauti apie šias programas, galime pateikti tam tikros pagrindinės informacijos apie mūsų šiems Klientams atliekamą darbą, tačiau rekomenduojame kreiptis į konkretų Klientą arba perskaityti privatumo dokumentus, kuriuos jie pateikia savo nuosavybėje.
Kiek tai susiję su tokiais teisės aktais kaip BDAR, teisinis pagrindas, kuriuo vadovaudamasi teikdama Sprendinius „DoubleVerify“ tvarko Asmens duomenis yra teisėtas interesas, kurį turi i) mūsų Klientai išvengti su skelbimais susijusio sukčiavimo, ir pateikti geografiškai tikslią ir reikalavimus atitinkančią informaciją galutiniams vartotojams; ii) Galutiniai vartotojai gauti teisingą, geografiškai tikslią ir reikalavimus atitinkančią informaciją, ir iii) plačioji visuomenė nuolat naudotis nemokamu internetu.
„DoubleVerify“ dalyvauja IAB Skaidrumo ir sutikimo sistemoje (TCFv2.2 – tiekėjo ID 126) ir naudojamės savo teisėtu interesu kaip pagrindu rinkti duomenis šiais tikslais:
Užtikrinti saugumą, užkirti kelią bei aptikti sukčiavimą bei ištaisyti klaidas (1 specialusis tikslas)
Teikti ir pristatyti reklamą ir turinį (2 specialusis tikslas)
Išsaugoti ir pranešti privatumo parinktis (specialusis tikslas Nr. 3)
Vertinti skelbimo veiksmingumą (7 tikslas)
Kurti ir tobulinti paslaugas (10 tikslas)
Pagal tam tikrus scenarijus, subjektas, atsakingas už „IAB Europe“ Skaidrumo ir sutikimo sistemą infrastruktūroje, kurioje veikia „DoubleVerify“ Sprendiniai, gali vykdyti mūsų Geografinę patikrą pagal sutikimą. Šiais ribotais atvejais sutikimas būtų taikomas šiems dalykams:
Naudoti ribotus duomenis reklamai pasirinkti (2 tikslas)
Vertinti skelbimo veiksmingumą (7 tikslas)
Kurti ir tobulinti paslaugas (10 tikslas)
3. Kokius duomenis renkame ir kokiais tikslais?
Siekdama toliau kurti, palaikyti ir tobulinti savo Sprendinius „DoubleVerify“ renka ir naudoja tam tikrų kategorijų Asmens duomenis ir Techninę informaciją.  „DoubleVerify“ teikiant Sprendinius tvarkomų asmens duomenų ir Techninės informacijos tipai apibūdinti toliau. Jeigu Asmens duomenys reikalingi tam, kad veiktų konkrečios „DoubleVerify“ funkcijos, tokie Asmens duomenys bus naudojami tik toliau nurodytais tikslais, nebent pagal teisės aktus nebūtų reikalaujama kitaip. Be to, tam tikromis aplinkybėmis, kad „DoubleVerify“ Sprendiniai tinkamai veiktų, gali būti būtina Asmens duomenis tvarkyti kartu su tam tikra Technine informacija. Visais tokiais scenarijais jungtiniai duomenys laikomi Asmens duomenimis ir yra atitinkamai apsaugoti. Mes niekada nederiname, neanalizuojame mūsų tvarkomų Asmens duomenų arba Techninės informacijos, nederiname jos su kita papildoma informacija, siekdami nustatyti Galutinius vartotojus. Mes niekada nesekame Jūsų arba Jūsų internetinės veiklos programose ir svetainėse arba per tam tikrą laikotarpį, mes nepasikliaujame nuolatinėmis technologijomis, tokiomis kaip trečiųjų šalių slapukai, ir niekada nekuriame profilių arba auditorijos grupių, skirtų asmenims.
„DoubleVerify“ Sprendiniams įgyvendinti renkamos ir naudojamos Techninės informacijos kategorijos yra tokios:
reklamos kampanijos atributai – reklamuotojo, kuris pateikia skelbimą, identifikatorius, jo kampanijos ir paskirties vietos identifikatoriai, žiniasklaidos turto, parduodančio inventorių reklamuotojui arba bet kokiai tarpinei reklamos platformai, identifikatoriai yra renkami ir tvarkomi, siekiant identifikuoti mūsų aptarnaujamą Klientą, pritaikyti jam teisingas nuostatas, pagal tokius identifikatorius segmentuoti Kliento ataskaitas ir išrašyti jam sąskaitas;
žiniatinklio turinio atributai – puslapio / rėmelio, į kurį pristatomas skelbimas, žiniatinklio adresas (URL) ir visų nukreipiančių puslapių / rėmelių adresai renkami siekiant užtikrinti, kad skelbimai būtų dedami pagal tinkamą kontekstą, kurį mūsų Klientas nustatė mūsų sistemoje esančiame profilyje;
mobiliosios programėlės atributai – mobiliosios programėlės pavadinimas, mobiliosios programėlės ID, programėlių parduotuvė, programėlės kūrėjas, programėlės įvertinimai žvaigždutėmis, programėlės amžiaus indeksas ir kita viešai prieinama informacija apie mobiliąją programėlę, į kurią pristatomas skelbimas; Tokia informacija siekiama užtikrinti, kad skelbimai būtų dedami pagal tinkamą kontekstą, kurį mūsų Klientas nustatė mūsų sistemoje esančiame profilyje;
skaitmeninės aplinkos atributai – prijungto įrenginio, į kurį pristatoma reklama, tipas: mobilusis, darbalaukis, prijungtas televizorius arba kitas įrenginys, naršyklės tipas ir versija, naudojama puslapiui, kuriame rodomas skelbimas, pateikti ir operacinei sistemai rinkti, kad būtų galima nustatyti, kokia mūsų kodo versija tinkamai veiktų toje aplinkoje ir tinkamai įvertintų, ar reklama galėjo būti matoma ekrane pagal veiklos srities standartus, kurie skiriasi priklausomai nuo aplinkos;
matomumo atributai – skelbimo vieta puslapyje, skelbimo dydis, ekrano dydis, peržiūros srities dydis, kortelės įvesties vietos būsena, naršyklės įvesties vietos būsena, laiko trukmė, kurią skelbimas buvo matomoje dalyje, tinklalapio ir slinkties padėties duomenys renkami siekiant nustatyti ir pranešti mūsų klientams, ar reklaminis skelbimas turėjo galimybę būti matomas ekrane;
poveikio ir įtraukimo atributai – duomenys, rodantys, ar skelbimas buvo spustelėtas, perbrauktas, bakstelėtas ar paliestas, pakeistas jo dydis, praleistas, nutildytas, pristabdytas, pasuktas, užvestas pelės žymeklis arba pakeistas garsumas, yra renkami, kad mūsų klientai galėtų išmatuoti reklaminio skelbimo, reklaminės kampanijos arba žiniasklaidos turto poveikį;
Duomenų, renkamų ir naudojamų vykdant Sukčiavimo prevenciją, kategorijos:
pseudoniminiai elektroniniai buvimo ir įrenginių identifikatoriai, t. y., IP adresas, vartotojo agento eilutė arba šių dviejų verčių išvestinės vertės naudojamos siekiant įvertinti, ar veikla internete arba įrenginys dalyvauja sukčiavimo schemoje, ar yra su ja susijęs.
Atliekant Geografinę patikrą renkamų ir naudojamų duomenų kategorijos:
pseudoniminiai elektroniniai buvimo ir įrenginių identifikatoriai, t. y., IP adresas, yra renkami siekiant nustatyti geografinę vietą, su kuria jie yra susiję. Kiekvienas IP yra susietas su šalimi, o JAV gali būti susietas su tikslesne informacija iki pašto indekso. Tikslios Jūsų buvimo geografinės vietos informacija niekada nerenkama.
Ribotomis aplinkybėmis kai kurie Klientai, pvz. kaip „uždaroji platforma (-os)“ veikiantis Klientas, gali paprašyti „DoubleVerify“ tvarkyti papildomus Asmens duomenis, kad vykdytų savo Sprendinius. Tokie papildomi Asmens duomenys gali būti susiję su Galutiniais vartotojais, asmenimis, kurie sukuria paskyras tokiose „uždarosiose platformose“, arba asmenimis, kurie kuria turinį, skelbiamą tokių „uždarųjų platformų“ aplinkoje. Tuo laipsniu, kuriuo vienas iš Klientų, valdančių „uždarąsias platformas“, prašo „DoubleVerify“ tvarkyti papildomus Asmens duomenis, kad vykdytų tam tikrus Sprendinius, „DoubleVerify“ turi tvarkyti tokius Asmens duomenis vien tikslu vykdyti savo prievoles tam Klientui ir griežtai laikydamasi Kliento nurodymų, būtinų vykdyti, palaikyti ir, kai taikoma, tobulinti Sprendinius. Mes stropiai bendradarbiaujame su šiais Klientais, užtikrindami, kad tvarkomi Asmens duomenys apsiribotų tik tais, kurie būtini minėtiems tikslams pasiekti. Tam tikromis ribotomis aplinkybėmis dėl mūsų sąveikos su „uždarosiomis platformomis“ galima neplanuotai gauti asmens duomenų. „DoubleVerify“ stropiai stebi visus tokius atvejus, kad užtikrintų, jog asmens duomenys nebūtų tvarkomi kitais nei gavimo tikslais, išskyrus saugų jų pašalinimą iš mūsų sistemų. Kadangi šiomis aplinkybėmis konkrečios Asmens duomenų kategorijos priklauso nuo Kliento specializuotos integracijos ir sprendimų, o kiekvieno Kliento atveju tai skiriasi, jeigu turite papildomų klausimų, rekomenduojame kreiptis į atskirą Klientą arba perskaityti privatumo dokumentus, kuriuos jie pateikia savo nuosavybėje.
Sprendiniai nėra skirti ir jais nėra siekiama tvarkyti vaikų Asmens duomenų. Mes žinomai nerenkame Asmens duomenų iš vaikų, kurių sąvoka apibrėžiama tuo metu galiojančiuose teisės aktuose. Jeigu esate tėvai arba globėjai ir manote, kad Jūsų vaiko Asmens duomenys buvo tvarkomi naudojant Sprendinius, susisiekite su mumis naudodamiesi 13 skyriuje
„Kaip susisiekti su „DoubleVerify“
esančia informacija, ir mes imsimės veiksmų, kad saugiai pašalintume vaikų Asmens duomenis iš mūsų sistemų.
4. Kaip naudojame surinktus duomenis?
„DoubleVerify“ naudoja surinktą Techninę informaciją ir Asmens duomenis tik šio Sprendinių privatumo pareiškimo 3 skyriuje
„Kokius duomenis mes renkame ir kokiais tikslais?“
nurodytais tikslais. Apskritai, Techninė informacija ir Jūsų Asmens duomenys yra tvarkomi teikiant ataskaitas, reklamos sritis, atsiliepimus ir įžvalgas (
Ataskaitų teikimas
) mūsų klientams.  DV ataskaitos, nepriklausomai nuo jų formato, yra nuasmeninamos, arba, jeigu reikia peržiūros lygio informacijos, kiekviena peržiūra nuasmeninama, užtikrinant, kad Galutinių vartotojų Asmens duomenys niekada nebūtų perduoti Klientams.  Nepaisant ankstesnių nuostatų, ataskaitose, parengtose Klientams, veikiantiems kaip „uždarosios platformos“ (pvz., socialinės žiniasklaidos sklaidos kanalai), ir kitiems Klientams, kurie remiasi šiomis ataskaitomis (pvz., bendrovės, besireklamuojančios socialiniuose tinkluose), gali būti informacijos apie asmenis, kurie sukuria paskyras tokiose „uždarosiose platformose“, arba asmenis, kurie kuria turinį, skelbiamą tokių „uždarųjų platformų“ aplinkoje. Šiame skyriuje pateikiama papildoma įžvalga apie tai, kaip Techninė informacija ir Jūsų Asmens duomenys tvarkomi siekiant šio Sprendinių privatumo pareiškimo 3 skyriuje nurodytų tikslų.
Teikiant Sprendinius surinktą Techninę informaciją, kaip nurodyta 3.1 poskyryje, „DoubleVerify“ naudoja šiais tikslais:
išanalizuoti ir pranešti apie kontekstą, pagal kurį rodomi reklaminiai skelbimai, jų kokybę, autentiškumą ir poveikį. Konkrečiai analizuojama informacija, parodanti, ar skelbimas atitinka iš anksto nustatytus Kliento teisinius ir vietos reikalavimus, taip pat Kliento mūsų sistemoje nurodytus pageidaujamus nustatymus.
Suteikti įžvalgas ir galimybę priimti išankstinį sprendimą dėl peržiūros galimybių. „DoubleVerify“ analizuoja peržiūros galimybių duomenų charakteristikas ir nusprendžia, ar Kliento skelbimai turėtų būti rodomi, ar ne, pavyzdžiui, nuspręsdama, kad susijęs turinys nesiderina su Kliento prekės ženklo pristatymu ir parinktimis.
Norėdama taikyti Sukčiavimo prevenciją „DoubleVerify“ naudoja per Sprendinius surinktą Techninę informaciją ir Asmens duomenis, kaip nurodyta 3.1 ir 3.2 poskyriuose, šiais tikslais:
peržiūrėti ir identifikuoti konkrečias skelbimų peržiūras, kurios yra fiktyvios, nes sukurtos robotų, o ne žmogaus valdomų naršyklių;
įvertinti ir nustatyti negaliojantį srautą, pvz., srautą, kurį generuoja skelbimų įterpėjai, duomenų centrai, klaidinantis srautas, imituojamas srautas ir kitos fiktyvaus srauto rūšys;
analizuoti ir identifikuoti svetaines, mobiliųjų ir prijungtų įrenginių programėles bei medijos ypatybes, kuriose yra apgaulingo srauto požymių ir (arba) kuriamos apgaulingos reklamos peržiūros;
nustatyti srautų modelius įvairiose svetainėse, vykdančiose apgaulingą reklamos veiklą;
norint atskirti srautą, kurį kuria robotų valdomos, ne žmonių naršyklės, ir žmonių naršyklės;
nustatyti, ar analizuojami reklaminiai skelbimai skelbiami vadovaujantis taikomais teisiniais reikalavimais ir Kliento nustatytomis nuostatomis;
nustatyti, ar tarpinė programinė įranga bando klaidinančiai pateikti savo veikimo charakteristikas, kad būtų išvengta sukčiavimo arba kito nepagrįsto srauto;
nustatyti, ar duomenų srautai svetainėje arba skelbimų peržiūrų duomenys gaunami iš serverių ūkio, o ne žmonių sukurtos naršymo veiklos;
nustatyti, ar srautas gaunamas apgaulingai, ar naudojant kitas srauto įgijimo praktikas, kurios neatitinka kliento nurodymų arba nuostatų;
sukurti IP adresų ir vartotojų atstovų eilučių, susijusių su apgaulingomis schemomis ir ne žmonių sukurtu srautu, įrašus (Sukčiavimo lentelės). Kadangi tokie duomenų taškai siejami su ne žmonių sąveika, jie nėra laikomi Asmens duomenimis.
Norėdama taikyti Geografinę patikrą „DoubleVerify“ naudoja per Sprendinius surinktą Techninę informaciją ir Asmens duomenis, kaip nurodyta 3.3 poskyryje, šiais tikslais:
įvertinti geografinę galutinio vartotojo vietą aukštu lygiu (šalies, valstijos, regiono arba JAV gyventojams – pašto kodo) ir patikrinti, ar galutinis vartotojas atitinka kliento kampanijos arba srautų nuostatas.
Tuo laipsniu, kuriuo vienas iš Klientų, valdančių „uždarąsias platformas“, prašo „DoubleVerify“ tvarkyti papildomus Asmens duomenis, kad vykdytų tam tikrus Sprendinius, „DoubleVerify“ turi tvarkyti tokius Asmens duomenis vien tikslu vykdyti savo prievoles tam Klientui ir griežtai laikydamasi Kliento nurodymų, būtinų vykdyti, palaikyti ir, kai taikoma, tobulinti Sprendinius. Jeigu turite kokių nors klausimų, rekomenduojame kreiptis į konkretų Klientą arba perskaityti privatumo dokumentus, kuriuos jie pateikia savo nuosavybėje.
5. Kaip ir kam atskleidžiame duomenis?
„DoubleVerify“ neatskleidžia Asmens duomenų trečiosioms šalims, išskyrus tai, kas būtina siekiant mūsų verslo tikslų valdant, palaikant arba tobulinant mūsų Sprendinius. Jeigu mes savanoriškai dalijamės Asmens duomenimis, užtikriname, kad gavėjai ją saugotų taip, kad atitiktų mūsų pačių taisykles ir standartus.
Jūsų Asmens duomenimis galime dalytis su:
paslaugų teikėjais – įmonėmis, kurios pagal sutartis su mumis teikia mums IT ir sistemų administravimo, infrastruktūros ir prieglobos paslaugas, tyrimų ir analizės, palaikymo ir kokybės užtikrinimo, saugumo ir kitas paslaugas pirmiau aprašytais tikslais ir vadovaudamosi atitinkamu teisiniu pagrindu. Kreipęsi į mus galite paprašyti pateikti Jums paslaugų teikėjų sąrašą, nurodyti, kokius Asmens duomenis jie gauna ir kokiais tikslais. Mūsų kontaktinė informacija pateikta šio Sprendinių privatumo pareiškimo 13 skyriuje
„Kaip susisiekti su „DoubleVerify“
.
Asocijuotosioms bendrovėms – tokiomis kaip patronuojančioji bendrovė, giminingos bendrovės, bendrosios įmonės, ar kitos bendrai kontroliuojamos bendrovės, jeigu tai būtina valdyti, palaikyti ir tobulinti mūsų Sprendinius. Jūs galite paprašyti pateikti Jums Asocijuotųjų bendrovių sąrašą, nurodyti, kokius Asmens duomenis kreipęsi į mus jie gauna, ir kokiais tikslais. Mūsų kontaktinė informacija pateikta šio Sprendinių privatumo pareiškimo 13 skyriuje
„Kaip susisiekti su „DoubleVerify“
.
Mūsų klientų samdomoms šalims – palaikydami mūsų klientus mes galime integruoti mūsų Sprendinius su kitais mūsų klientų naudojamomis priemonėmis ir paslaugomis, kad teiktume pažangesnes paslaugas ir išsamesnes ataskaitas. Taip integruodami duomenis mes niekada negauname duomenų, kuriuos „DoubleVerify“ galėtų panaudoti praturtinti mūsų duomenis ir taip nustatyti Galutinių vartotojų tapatybę. Tam tikrais atvejais mes galime dalytis peržiūros lygio informacija su mūsų klientų samdomomis bendrovėmis, kad galėtume atlikti rinkodaros veiksmingumo tyrimus. Esant tam tikroms aplinkybėms, mūsų klientai gali nurodyti mums atskleisti tam tikrus Asmens duomenis, kad ne „DoubleVerify“ valdomas produktas arba paslauga galėtų funkcionuoti.
Bendrovės sandoryje dalyvaujančioms trečiosioms šalims – jeigu „DoubleVerify“ įsigytų arba susijungtų su kita bendrove, arba būtų reorganizuota, likviduota, arba įvykus kitiems esminiams bendrovės veiklos pasikeitimams.
Mūsų gali būti teisiškai reikalaujama atskleisti Jūsų Asmens duomenis:
a) jeigu tokius duomenis atskleisti reikalauja vyriausybės įstaiga, teismas, teisėsaugos arba reguliavimo tarnyba (pavyzdžiui, vykdant tyrimą, pagal šaukimą į teismą, arba panašų teisinį procesą ar procedūras);
b) kaip reikalaujama pagal bet kurį taikomą įstatymą, kitą teisės aktą arba taisyklę ir
c) jeigu mes sąžiningai manome, kad taip informaciją atskleisti yra būtina siekiant apsaugoti arba apginti mūsų arba kitų teises, padėti atlikti tyrimą arba užkirsti kelią neteisėtai veiklai.
Sukčiavimo lentelės ir kitos su Sukčiavimo prevencija susijusios ataskaitos, duomenų sklaidos kanalai, API ir informacijos suvestinės, kuriose nėra Asmens duomenų, gali būti teikiamos klientams ir kitoms trečiosioms šalims, įskaitant, pavyzdžiui, sektoriaus organizacijas, arba gali būti prieinamos, jeigu tai reikalinga „DoubleVerify“ vykdyti veiklą, teikiant, palaikant ir tobulinant mūsų Sprendinių Sukčiavimo prevencijos dalį ir kovojant su sukčiavimu teikiant reklamą.
Mūsų klientams Jūsų Asmens duomenų mes neatskleidžiame. Visos ataskaitos ir analitinė informacija, kurią teikiame Klientams per mūsų Ataskaitų teikimo portalą yra anonimiški, tai reiškia, kad tokiose ataskaitose arba informacijoje nėra Asmens duomenų. Ataskaitos yra apibendrinamos, tačiau tam tikromis ribotomis aplinkybėmis peržiūros lygio ataskaitos teikiamos mūsų klientams per FTP galinius taškus arba API, jeigu tokiose ataskaitose nėra Asmens duomenų. Mes galime apibendrintu arba neapdorotu formatu dalytis anonimine Technine informacija su trečiosiomis šalimis, jeigu manome, kad tai būtina mums toliau vykdyti Sprendinių kūrimo, palaikymo ir tobulinimo veiklą. Be to, mes galime bendrai naudoti anoniminius arba nuasmenintus duomenis įprastai vykdydami savo verslą; pavyzdžiui, paskelbti atvejų tyrimus ir ataskaitas, kad būtų parodytos mūsų Sprendinių teikiamos naudos ir veiksmingumo tendencijos.
Kad nekiltų abejonių, „DoubleVerify“ neatskleidžia Asmens duomenų subjektams, kurie pagal tokius teisės aktus kaip CCPA veikia kaip „bendrovė“ arba „trečioji šalis“.
6. Kiek ilgai laikome Asmens duomenis?
„DoubleVerify“ laiko visus per Sprendinius tvarkytus Asmens duomenis tik kol būtina siekiant šiame Sprendinių privatumo pareiškime nurodytų tikslų, tačiau bet kokiu atveju ne ilgiau nei keturiasdešimt penkias (45) dienas. Tam laikotarpiui pasibaigus visi Asmens duomenys saugiai pašalinami iš „DoubleVerify“ sistemų.
Sukčiavimo lentelės gali būti saugojamos neribotą laiką, siekiant užtikrinti tinkamą Sukčiavimo prevencijos sprendinio veikimą.
Anoniminio pobūdžio Techninę informaciją „DoubleVerify“ gali laikyti neribotą laiką, nebent „DoubleVerify“ taisyklėse arba galiojančiuose teisės aktuose, ir „DoubleVerify“ susitarimuose su savo klientais būtų numatyta kitaip.
7. Kaip Asmens duomenys apsaugomi?
„DoubleVerify“ įdiegė tinkamas technines, fizines ir organizacines priemones, skirtas apsaugoti Asmens duomenis nuo atsitiktinio arba neteisėto sunaikinimo ar netyčinio praradimo, sugadinimo, pakeitimo, neteisėto atskleidimo arba prieigos, taip pat nuo visų kitų neteisėto tvarkymo formų. Nors apsaugodami Asmens duomenis mes vadovaujamės bendrai priimtais standartais ir geriausia patirtimi, joks informacijos saugojimo arba perdavimo metodas nėra visiškai saugus. Tačiau mes nuolat stengiamės pagerinti savo apsaugos priemones ir apsaugoti Jūsų Asmens duomenis.
8. Kaip Asmens duomenys perduodami į kitas šalis?
Atkreipiame dėmesį, kad mūsų renkami Asmens duomenys gali būti perduota į serverius arba duomenų bazes, esančias už Jūsų valstijos, provincijos, šalies ar kitos jurisdikcijos ribų, ir jose laikomi. Nors siekiant užtikrinti, kad Sprendiniai būtų veiksmingi ir tikslingi, Jūsų Asmens duomenys gali būti perduoti per vietinį laikiną duomenų centrą, galiausiai, visus per Sprendinius JAV Surinktus asmens duomenis saugo „DoubleVerify“. Būdama pasauline bendrove mes turime biurus Jungtinėse Valstijose, Jungtinėje Karalystėje, Prancūzijoje, Belgijoje, Suomijoje, Vokietijoje, Izraelyje, Kanadoje, Meksikoje, Brazilijoje, Japonijoje, Indijoje, Singapūre ir Australijoje. Kad galėtų palaikyti mūsų Sprendinius, tuose biuruose dirbantiems mūsų darbuotojams gali tekti susipažinti su Jūsų Asmens duomenimis. Kai kuriose tokiose vietose, tokiose kaip Jungtinės Valstijose, taikomas duomenų apsaugos lygis yra žemesnis nei nustatytas Europos Sąjungoje ar kitose jurisdikcijose, įgyvendinusiose griežtus privatumo apsaugos įstatymus ir teisės aktus.
Mes imamės priemonių užtikrinti, kad Jūsų Asmens duomenys būtų saugiai laikomi pas mus, vadovaujantis Europos Sąjungos bendrovėms taikomais teisiniais privatumo ir saugumo reikalavimais. Mes taip pat užtikriname, kad bet kuris kitas Jūsų Asmens duomenų gavėjas užtikrintų tinkamą apsaugos ir saugumo lygį, pavyzdžiui, sudarydamas atitinkamas tarpusavio sutartis ir, jei reikia, taikydamas standartines sutarties sąlygas arba alternatyvius Europos Komisijos ar kitų priežiūros institucijų patvirtintus mechanizmus. Šiame Privatumo pareiškime aprašyta „DoubleVerify“ privatumo praktika atitinka APEC tarptautines privatumo taisykles (CBPR) ir Tvarkytojų privatumo pripažinimo (PRP) sistemą. APEC CBPR sistema ir APEC PRP sistema nustato sistemas, kuriomis vadovaudamosi organizacijos užtikrina tarp APEC valstybių perduodamų asmens duomenų apsaugą. Daugiau informacijos apie APEC sistemas pateikta
čia
. Jeigu turite kokių nors klausimų apie tai, kaip laikome Asmens duomenis, galite su mumis susisiekti, kaip nurodyta šio Sprendinių privatumo pareiškimo 13 skyriuje
„Kaip susisiekti su „DoubleVerify“
.
Be to, „DoubleVerify Inc.“ ir jos patronuojamosios bendrovės „Outrigger Media, Inc.“. „d/b/a OpenSlate“, Scibids Technology Inc.“, Zentrick Inc.“ („DoubleVerify“), laikosi ES–JAV Duomenų privatumo sistemos (ES–JAV DPS), JK skirto ES–JAV DPS plėtinio ir Šveicarijos–JAV Duomenų privatumo sistemos (Šveicarijos–JAV DPS), kaip nustatyta JAV Prekybos ministerijos. „DoubleVerify“ patvirtino JAV Prekybos ministerijai, kad ji laikosi ES–JAV Duomenų privatumo sistemos principų (ES–JAV DPS principų) dėl iš Europos Sąjungos remiantis ES–JAV DPS ir iš Jungtinės Karalystės (ir Gibraltaro) pagal JK skirtą ES–JAV DPS plėtinį gaunamų asmens duomenų tvarkymo. „DoubleVerify“ patvirtino JAV Prekybos ministerijai, kad ji laikosi Šveicarijos–JAV Duomenų privatumo sistemos principų (Šveicarijos–JAV DPS principų) dėl iš Šveicarijos remiantis Šveicarijos–JAV DPS gaunamų asmens duomenų tvarkymo.  Kilus kokiai nors šio privatumo pareiškimo ir ES–JAV DPS principų ir (arba) Šveicarijos–JAV DPS principų prieštarai, pirmenybė teikiama Principams.  Norėdami daugiau sužinoti apie Duomenų privatumo sistemos (DPS) programą ir pamatyti mūsų sertifikatą, apsilankykite adresu https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/.
„DoubleVerify“ yra atsakinga už savo pagal DPS gaunamų asmens duomenų tvarkymą ir toliau perduoda juos trečiajai šaliai kaip jų vardu veikianti atstovė.  „DoubleVerify“ laikosi DPD principų toliau perduodama visus iš ES, JK ir Šveicarijos gautus asmens duomenis, įskaitant atsakomybės už tolesnį perdavimą nuostatas.
Federalinė prekybos komisija turi jurisdikciją prižiūrėti, kaip „DoubleVerify“ laikosi ES–JAV DPS, JK skirto ES–JAV DPS plėtinio ir Šveicarijos–JAV DPS. Tam tikrais atvejais „DoubleVerify“ gali tekti atskleisti asmens duomenis atsakant į teisėtą valstybės institucijų prašymą, įskaitant atvejus, kai reikia laikytis nacionalinio saugumo arba teisėsaugos reikalavimų.
Laikydamasi ES–JAV DPS, JK skirto ES–JAV DPS plėtinio ir Šveicarijos–JAV DPS, „DoubleVerify“ įsipareigoja neišspręstus ginčus dėl to, kaip tvarkome asmens duomenis, gautus laikantis ES–JAV DPS, JK skirto ES–JAV DPS plėtinio ir Šveicarijos–JAV DPS, patikėti JAV įsikūrusiam alternatyvaus ginčų sprendimų paslaugų teikėjui „TRUSTe“.  Jeigu laiku negaunate iš mūsų patvirtinimo dėl savo su DPS principais susijusio skundo arba mes neišsprendėme su DPS principais susijusio skundo Jums tinkamu būdu, apsilankykite adresu https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request, kur pateikta daugiau informacijos arba galima pateikti skundą.  Šios ginčų sprendimo paslaugos Jums teikiamos nemokamai.
Dėl skundų, susijusių su DPS laikymusi, kurie neišsprendžiami jokiais kitais DPS mechanizmais, tam tikromis sąlygomis turite galimybę kreiptis į privalomąjį arbitražą. Papildomos informacijos pateikta oficialioje DPS svetainėje.
9. Kokios yra Jūsų teisės?
Kai kuriose jurisdikcijoje galutiniai vartotojai gali turėti teisę teikti užklausas, susijusias su jų Asmens duomenimis. Daugelyje jurisdikcijų taip pat numato galutinių vartotojų teisę gauti informaciją apie tai, kaip Asmens duomenys yra renkami, naudojami, su kuo jais gali būti dalijamasi arba kam jie atskleidžiami, ir kokiais tikslais. „DoubleVerify“ Sprendinių privatumo pareiškimas yra skirtas atitikti tokius reikalavimus, tačiau jeigu turite papildomų klausimų arba norite geriau suprasti, kaip Jūsų Asmens duomenys galėjo būti renkami, naudojami ar su kuo jais dalijamasi ir kam jie atskleisti bei kodėl, prašome su mumis susisiekti, kaip nurodyta Sprendinių privatumo pareiškimo 13 skyriuje
„Kaip susisiekti su „DoubleVerify“
.
Be kitų teisių Europos ekonominės erdvės, Jungtinės Karalystės, Šveicarijos arba Kalifornijos gyventojai turi kelias teises pagal atitinkamus galiojančius privatumo įstatymus ir teisės aktus, pavyzdžiui, pagal BDAR ir CCPA. Norėdami pasinaudoti šiomis teisėmis, galite naudoti
šią Formą
arba su mumis susisiekti, kaip nurodyta Sprendinių privatumo pareiškimo 13 skyriuje
„Kaip susisiekti su „DoubleVerify“
. Pagal tam tikrus įstatymus ir teisės aktus, kaip pavyzdžiui, CCPA, Jūs taip pat galite paskirti įgaliotą atstovą teikti prašymus arba pasinaudoti teisėmis Jūsų vardu. Jums pasinaudojus savo teisėmis niekada Jūsų nediskriminuosime ir nesiimsime jokių atsakomųjų veiksmų.
Šios teisės yra tokios:
teisė peržiūrėti mūsų apie Jus turimus Asmens duomenis, įskaitant informaciją apie Asmens duomenų kategorijas ir jų konkrečias dalis.
teisė ištaisyti bet kuriuos netikslius mūsų turimus Jūsų Asmens duomenis. Prašome nepamiršti, kad atsižvelgus į mūsų renkamų Asmens duomenų pobūdį ir mūsų duomenų rinkimo būdą, labai mažai tikėtina, kad mūsų turimi Jūsų Asmens duomenys būtų netikslūs, arba kad jie atitiktų sąlygas, kuriomis juos reikėtų taisyti.
teisė prašyti „DoubleVerify“ pašalinti bet kokius mūsų apie Jus turimus Asmens duomenis.
teisė prašyti, kad Jūsų Asmens duomenų tvarkymas būtų sustabdytas arba apribotas, pavyzdžiui, laikotarpiui, per kurį įvertintumėte, ar turite kitų teisių, kuriomis norėtumėte pasinaudoti.
jeigu Jūsų Asmens duomenys yra tvarkomi siekiant teisėtų interesų, turite teisę dėl tokio tvarkymo pareikšti prieštaravimą.
jeigu Jūsų Asmens duomenys yra tvarkomi remiantis Jūsų sutikimu, atsiimti tokį sutikimą per „IAB Europe“ Skaidrumo ir sutikimo sistemą.
Jeigu įmanoma, mes vykdome visus su galutiniu vartotoju susijusius prašymus, jeigu tik galime susieti galutinį vartotoją su mūsų sistemose esamais Asmens duomenimis. Tačiau tam tikromis aplinkybėmis kad galėtume įvykdyti Jūsų prašymą turėsime patikrinti Jūsų tapatybę. Norint patvirtinti Jūsų tapatybę ar suprasti Jūsų užklausos sritį, mums gali tekti paprašyti papildomos informacijos apie Jus. Norėdami pateikti užklausą ar ją įvykdyti, paskyros sukurti neprivalėsite. Turėsite nurodyti el. pašto adresą, kad galėtume bendrauti su Jumis ir palaikyti Jūsų užklausą, taip pat bet kokią informaciją, kurios mums gali prireikti, kad galėtume patikrinti, ar turime kokius nors Jūsų Asmens duomenis. Atminkite, kad gali būti aplinkybių, dėl kurių negalėsime įvykdyti Jūsų prašymo, tačiau tokiu atveju paaiškinsime, kodėl. Taip pat Jus informuosime, jeigu apie Jus jokių Asmens duomenų neturėtume. Dedame visas pastangas atsakyti į visus prašymus ir užklausas kiek įmanoma greičiau, tačiau prašome suteikti mums trisdešimt (30) dienų Jums atsakyti.
Jeigu „DoubleVerify“ veikia kaip tvarkytojas, rangovas arba paslaugos teikėjas, kaip apibrėžta galiojančiuose teisės aktuose, savo prašymus pasinaudoti savo teisėmis turėsite teikti atitinkamam klientui, kuris tokiu atveju veikia kaip valdytojas arba kaip bendrovė.
10. Papildomai atskleidžiama informacija
Pagal kai kuriuos privatumo įstatymus ir kitus teisės aktus, tokius kaip CCPA, bendrovės privalo atskleisti, ar jos parduoda Asmens duomenis. „DoubleVerify“ neatskleidžia jokių Asmens duomenų tokiu būdu, kuris pagal Kalifornijos, Virdžinijos, Nevados ir panašius teisės aktus būtų laikomas „pardavimu“ arba „dalijimusi“.
11. Ar „DoubleVerify“ naudojasi dirbtiniu intelektu?
„DoubleVerify“ naudojasi dirbtiniu intelektu (DI) įvairioms reikmėms ir įvairiais būdais visoje organizacijoje. Kai „DoubleVerify“ naudojasi DI technologijomis, mes netaikome automatinio sprendimų priėmimo, apibrėžto taikomuose privatumo įstatymuose ir kituose teisės aktuose.
12. Reglamentuojančioji teisė
Galiojančiais įstatymais ir kitais teisės aktais taikomu ir leidžiamu laipsniu šis Sprendinių privatumo pareiškimas sudarytas ir aiškinamas pagal Delavero valstijos vidaus teisės aktus bei jurisdikciją ir visi ginčai sprendžiami Delavero valstijoje.
13. Kaip dažnai atnaujiname šį Sprendinių privatumo pareiškimą?
Kartkartėmis galime šį Sprendinių privatumo pareiškimą atnaujinti, atsižvelgdami į mūsų Sprendinių pasikeitimus, praktiką, taisykles ir kitus vidaus ir išorės pasikeitimus, taip pat siekdami vykdyti naujus teisinius reikalavimus. Tik įsigalioję visi pakeitimai bus paskelbti. Jeigu šį pareiškimą atnaujinsime, pakeisime šio Sprendinių privatumo pareiškimo viršuje nurodytą įsigaliojimo datą, kad geriau suprastumėte, kada tokie pakeitimai buvo padaryti. Jeigu norite būti informuoti apie tokius atnaujinimus, rekomenduojame reguliariai perskaityti šį Sprendinių privatumo pareiškimą.  Atminkite, kad bet koks šio Sprendinių privatumo pareiškimo vertimas yra parengtas tik kad Jums būtų lengviau šią informaciją rasti ir ja naudotis. Šio Sprendinių privatumo pareiškimo versija anglų kalba yra vienintelė oficiali teksto versija, bet kokie netikslumai pareiškimo vertime į kitas kalba nėra privalomi, o atitikties ir įgyvendinimo atžvilgiu neturi teisinės galios.
14. Kaip susisiekti su „DoubleVerify“?
Jeigu turite klausimų, nuogąstavimų arba norite palikti komentarą apie Sprendinių privatumo pareiškimą, arba manote, kad Jūsų Asmens duomenys buvo naudojami pažeidžiant šį Privatumo pareiškimą ar ne pagal Jūsų nuostatas, galite susisiekti su mūsų Privatumo grupe:
Privatumo pareigūno / Duomenų privatumo pareigūno (Privatumo grupės) kontaktinė informacija
DoubleVerify Inc.
462 Broadway
New York, NY 10013
privacy-policy@doubleverify.com
Jeigu kokio nors Jūsų su privatumu arba duomenų naudojimu susijusio nesklandumo mes neišsprendėme Jums priimtinu būdu, prašome kreiptis į mūsų JAV įsisteigusį (nemokamos) ginčų sprendinio paslaugos teikėją adresu
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
. Mes esame įsipareigoję rasti teisingą bet kokių nusiskundimų arba nuogąstavimų dėl mūsų privatumo arba šio Sprendinių privatumo pareiškimo sprendimą. Tačiau, jeigu manote, kad mums nepavyko Jums padėti, jokia šio Sprendinių privatumo pareiškimo nuostata neriboja ir nėra skirta apriboti Jūsų teisių pagal galiojančius teisės aktus, taip pat, atsižvelgiant į Jūsų gyvenamąją vietą, teisės pateikti skundą Jūsų nacionalinei duomenų apsaugos institucijai arba kitai tarnybai, kurios jurisdikcijai priklauso su privatumu susiję klausimai.
Data Effettiva: 28 ta’ Ġunju 2024
Ħarsa Ġenerali
DoubleVerify Inc., flimkien mas-sussidjarji globali tagħha, (f’daqqa “
DoubleVerify
”, “
aħna
”, “
lilna
” jew “
tagħna
”) hija l-mexxej fl-industrija f’dak li għandu x’jaqsam ma’ trasparenza u responsabbiltà fir-reklamar online. DoubleVerify tuża diversi teknoloġiji biex tiġbor informazzjoni dwar ir-reklamar online, it-traffiku fuq il-websajts, it-traffiku fuq apps tal-mobiles u t-traffiku ta’ apparat ikkonnettjat sabiex tagħti prodotti u soluzzjonijiet ta’ reklamar trasparenti u responsabbli (kollettivament, “
Soluzzjonijiet
”). Dan l-avviż ta’ privatezza (l-“
Avviż ta’ Privatezza
tas-
Soluzzjonijiet
”) jispjega min aħna, kif niġbru, nużaw u naqsmu informazzjoni personali permezz tas-Soluzzjonijiet tagħna, kif ukoll kif tista’ teżerċita d-drittijiet tal-privatezza tiegħek.
Jekk trid aktar informazzjoni dwar kif DoubleVerify tipproċessa l-Informazzjoni Personali miġbura fuq is-siti elettroniċi tagħna li jiffaċċjaw il-pubbliku, jekk jogħġbok żur il-
Websajts tagħna u l-Avviż ta’ Privatezza tal-Kummerċjalizzazzjoni tagħna
.
Jekk tuża DoubleVerify Solutions u trid aktar informazzjoni dwar kif DoubleVerify tipproċessa l-Informazzjoni Personali miġbura permezz tal-għodod ta’ rappurtar tagħna, jekk jogħġbok żur l-
Avviż ta’ Privatezza tal-Għodod ta’ Rappurtar tagħna
.
Quick Links
Nirrakkomandaw li taqra dan l-Avviż ta’ Privatezza tas-Soluzzjonijiet fl-intier tiegħu biex tiżgura li tkun infurmat bis-sħiħ. Madankollu, biex nagħmluha aktar faċli għalik li ssib u tirrevedi partijiet speċifiċi ta’ dan l-Avviż ta’ Privatezza tas-Soluzzjonijiet, aħna qassamnih fit-taqsimiet li ġejjin:
Min hija DoubleVerify?
X’inhu r-rwol, l-għanijiet u l-bażi legali tagħna tal-Ipproċessar?
Liema data niġbru u għal liema skopijiet?
Kif nużaw id-dejta li niġbru?
Kif u lil min niżvelaw id-dejta?
Kemm inżommu l-Informazzjoni Personali?
Kif tiġi żgurata l-Informazzjoni Personali?
Kif tiġi trasferita l-Informazzjoni Personali internazzjonalment?
X’inhuma d-drittijiet tiegħek?
Żvelar addizzjonali
DoubleVerify juża l-Intelliġenza Artifiċjali?
Liġi Regolatorja
Naġġornaw dan l-Avviż ta’ Privatezza tas-Soluzzjonijiet?
Kif tista’ tikkuntattja lil DoubleVerify?
1. Min huma DoubleVerify?
Il-pjattaformi akkreditati ta’ DoubleVerify jipprovdu kejl tal-midja diġitali indipendenti, dejta u analiżi kummerċjali dwar il-kunsinna tal-impressjoni tar-reklamar (jew “reklam”)  u traffiku tal-websajt, biex jgħinu lil dawk li jirreklamaw u li jbigħu l-ispazju għar-reklami (flimkien “
Klijenti
”) jikkonfermaw il-karatteristiċi tal-preżentazzjoni preċiżi, inkluż is-sigurtà tad-ditti, il-metriċi tad-dehra ta’ reklam, il-parametri kuntestwali u ambjentali (pereżempju, il-websajt li fuqha jidher reklam u fejn jidher fuq il-paġna tal-websajt) u l-karatteristiċi tal-kwalità tal-impressjoni tar-reklam u tat-traffiku tal-websajt, u jipprovdu għarfien intuwittiv li jippermetti lill-Klijenti tagħna jagħmlu deċiżjonijiet informati dwar it-tqegħid tal-kreattività u d-ditti tagħhom.
Aħna nemmnu li għandna nipprovdu protezzjonijiet tal-privatezza b’saħħithom lil kwalunkwe individwu li aħna nistgħu nipproċessaw l-informazzjoni dwaru fi kwalunkwe kapaċità – għaliex nemmnu li l-privatezza hija dritt fundamentali, mhux xi ħaġa li għandha tiddependi fuq fejn inti tista’ tkun qed tgħix. Sabiex nissodisfaw dak il-prinċipju, aħna nittrattaw kwalunkwe data li tirrelata jew li hija marbuta ma’ individwu identifikat jew identifikabbli bħala “Informazzjoni Personali” irrispettivament mill-post ta’ dak l-individwu. Peress li tirrelata mas-Soluzzjonijiet tagħna, aħna ta’ DoubleVerify nillimitaw kwalunkwe informazzjoni li niġbru għal “informazzjoni psewdonoma” li hija informazzjoni li ma tippermettix l-identifikazzjoni ta’ individwu mingħajr informazzjoni addizzjonali. Eżempju ta’ “informazzjoni psewdonoma” li DoubleVerify tipproċessa huwa l-indirizz tal-Protokol tal-Internet (“IP”), li huwa numru li jiġi assenjat awtomatikament lil kompjuter meta jintuża l-Internet. Filwaqt li DoubleVerify tittratta din l-informazzjoni bħala Informazzjoni Personali, skont l-aħjar prattiki u l-liġijiet applikabbli, aħna qatt ma ngħaqqdu dik l-informazzjoni ma’ kwalunkwe data oħra li tippermettilna nidentifikaw l-individwu li jirrelata miegħu.
Dan l-Avviż tal-Privatezza ta’ Soluzzjonijiet”) huwa maħsub biex jinforma l-individwi li d-dejta dwarhom tista’ tiġi pproċessata permezz tas-Soluzzjonijiet tagħna (“
Utent(i) Finali
” jew, “
int
” u “
tiegħek
”) ta’: (1) it-tipi ta’ informazzjoni li DoubleVerify tista’ tiġbor dwarek jew dwar l-apparat tiegħek meta reklam li jiġi analizzat minna jgħaddi għandek fuq websajt li tkun qed tara jew fuq app li tkun qed tuża, (2) il-prattiċi tal-privatezza tagħna, kif nistgħu nużaw, naqsmu, inkella nipproċessaw informazzjoni li hija meqjusa bħala Informazzjoni Personali, u (3) x’inhuma d-drittijiet tiegħek fir-rigward ta’ Informazzjoni Personali bħal dik. Dan l-Avviż tal-Privatezza ta’ Soluzzjonijiet jispjega wkoll x’informazzjoni mhux personali (“
Informazzjoni Teknika
”) niġbru dwar ir-reklami li nittraċċaw u kif nużaw dik l-Informazzjoni Teknika biex insaħħu s-Soluzzjonijiet tagħna.
2. X’inhu r-rwol, l-għanijiet u l-bażi legali tagħna tal-Ipproċessar?
L-identifikazzjoni tal-frodi u l-eliminazzjoni ta’ DoubleVerify (“
Eliminazzjoni ta’ Frodi
”) u verifika tal-konformità ġeografika (“
Verifika Ġeo
”), jeħtieġu l-ipproċessar tal-Informazzjoni Personali. Ħlief f’ċirkostanzi limitati deskritti hawn taħt, fir-rigward ta’ liġijiet u regolamenti bħar-Regolament Ġenerali dwar il-Protezzjoni tad-Dejta (“
GDPR
”), DoubleVerify topera l-Eliminazzjoni tal-Frodi bħala “kontrollur” u l-Verifikazzjoni Ġeo bħala “proċessur”. Fir-rigward tal-Att dwar il-Privatezza tal-Konsumatur ta’ Kalifornja (“
CCPA
”) u oqfsa regolatorji oħra tal-istat tal-Istati Uniti, id-deżinjazzjoni tagħna tista’ tvarja skont ir-relazzjoni speċifika ma’ kull Klijent. Peress li l-Informazzjoni Personali li nipproċessaw hija miġbura mit-teknoloġija tagħna u “magħmula disponibbli” lilna mill-Klijenti tagħna, aħna ġeneralment noperaw bħala “kuntrattur” taħt CCPA jew bħala “proċessur” taħt liġijiet oħra tal-istat tal-Istati Uniti u oqfsa regolatorji.  Minkejja dak li ntqal hawn fuq, f’ċirkostanzi limitati fejn l-Informazzjoni Personali tiġi kondiviża ma’ DoubleVerify permezz ta’ integrazzjonijiet imfassla apposta u mezzi oħra mhux standard, pereżempju meta din l-Informazzjoni Personali tinġabar u tiġi pprovduta minn Klijent għall-analiżi ta’ DoubleVerify, nistgħu nkunu meqjusa bħala “proċessur” jew “fornitur tas-servizz” taħt CCPA.  Dan ix-xenarju huwa l-aktar komuni fis-sħubijiet tagħna mal-Klijenti tal-midja soċjali u Klijenti oħra li joperaw ambjenti proprjetarji, spiss imsejħa “walled gardens”.
Ħlief għall-Eliminazzjoni tal-Frodi, inkluż kif meħtieġ biex tikkwalifika l-impressjonijiet skont il-prattiki standard tal-industrija (eż., linji gwida tal-Kunsill tal-Klassifikazzjonijiet tal-Media), u l-Verifika Ġeo, is-Soluzzjonijiet l-oħra ta’ DoubleVerify (bħal viżibbiltà, sikurezza tal-marka u adattabilità) ġeneralment ma jeħtiġux l-ipproċessar ta’ Informazzjoni Personali. Madankollu, hemm ċirkostanzi, bħal każijiet fejn nistgħu nipprovdu tali Soluzzjonijiet lill-Klijenti li joperaw “waled gardens”, fejn dawn il-Klijenti, fir-rwol tagħhom bħala kontrolluri, jistgħu jeħtieġu li DoubleVerify tipproċessa Informazzjoni Personali addizzjonali ta’ Utenti finali jew individwi li joħolqu kontijiet u l-kontenut fl-ambjenti tal-Klijent. Fi kwalunkwe xenarju bħal dan, id-determinazzjoni dwar liema Data Personali tiġi pproċessata ssir mill-Klijenti, li fir-rwol tagħhom ta’ kontrolluri, jiddeterminaw ukoll, fid-diskrezzjoni unika tagħhom, il-bażi legali tal-ipproċessar ta’ tali Informazzjoni Personali. Għal aktar informazzjoni dwar il-prattiki tal-privatezza ta’ dawn il-Klijenti, l-Informazzjoni Personali pproċessata u l-bażi legali applikabbli tal-ipproċessar, għandek tirrevedi l-avviż jew id-dikjarazzjonijiet tal-privatezza rilevanti u applikabbli ta’ kull Klijent. Jekk tikkuntattja lil DoubleVerify biex tistaqsi dwar dawn il-programmi, nistgħu nipprovdu xi informazzjoni bażika dwar ix-xogħol li nagħmlu għal dawn il-Klijenti, iżda nirrakkomandaw li tikkuntattja lill-Klijent individwali jew tirrevedi d-dokumentazzjoni tal-privatezza li jagħmlu disponibbli fuq il-proprjetajiet tagħhom.
Il-bażi legali ta’ DoubleVerify għall-ipproċessar tal-Informazzjoni Personali permezz tas-Soluzzjonijiet tagħna hija l-interess leġittimu tal-: (i) Klijenti tagħna biex jiġu evitati frodi relatati mar-reklami u li tiġi ppreżentata informazzjoni preċiża u konformi ġeografikament lil Utenti Finali, (ii) Utenti Finali li jirċievu informazzjoni li hija ħielsa mill-frodi u preċiża u konformi ġeografikament, u lill-(iii) pubbliku inġenerali li jibqa’ jkollu d-disponibbiltà ta’ Internet bla ħlas.
DoubleVerify tipparteċipa fil-Qafas ta’ Trasparenza u Kunsens tal-IAB (TCFv2.2 – Vendor ID 126), u nużaw l-interess leġittimu bħala l-bażi tagħna għall-ġbir tad-dejta għall-għanijiet li ġejjin:
Niżguraw is-sigurtà, nipprevjenu u niskopru l-frodi, u nirranġaw l-iżbalji (Għan Speċjali 1)
Inwasslu u nippreżentaw reklamar u kontenut (Għan Speċjali 2)
Issejvja u ikkomunika l-għażliet tal-privatezza (Għan Speċjali 3)
Inkejlu l-prestazzjoni tar-reklami (Għan 7)
Niżviluppaw u nttejbu s-servizzi (Għan 10)
F’xenarji limitati, l-entità responsabbli mill-Qafas ta’ Trasparenza u Kunsens tal-IAB tal-Ewropa fuq il-proprjetà fejn joperaw DoubleVerify Solutions tista’ tagħmel il-Verifika Ġeo tagħna suġġetta għall-kunsens. F’dawn il-każijiet limitati ħafna, il-kunsens ikun japplika għal:
L-użu limitat ta’ dejta biex nagħżlu r-reklamar (Għan 2)
Il-kejl tal-prestazzjoni tar-reklami (Għan 7)
L-iżvilupp u t-titjib tas-servizzi (Għan 10)
3. X’dejta niġbru u għal liema għanijiet?
Sabiex tilħaq l-għanijiet tagħha li tipprovdi, iżżomm u ttejjeb is-Soluzzjonijiet tagħha DoubleVerify tiġbor u tuża ċertu kategoriji ta’ Informazzjoni Personali u Informazzjoni Teknika. Il-kategoriji ta’ Informazzjoni Personali u Informazzjoni Teknika pproċessati permezz tas-Soluzzjonijiet ta’ DoubleVerify huma deskritti hawn taħt. Sakemm l-Informazzjoni Personali tkun meħtieġa għall-operat ta’ funzjonalità waħda jew aktar ta’ Soluzzjoni ta’ DoubleVerify, dik l-Informazzjoni Personali se tintuża biss għall-għanijiet speċifiċi deskritti hawn taħt, sakemm ma jkunx meħtieġ mod ieħor mil-liġi. Barra minn hekk, f’xi ċirkustanzi, jista’ jkun meħtieġ li tiġi pproċessata Informazzjoni Personali flimkien ma’ xi Informazzjoni Teknika biex is-Soluzzjonijiet ta’ DoubleVerify jiffunzjonaw tajjeb. Fi kwalunkwe xenarji bħal dawn, id-data kkombinata titqies bħala Informazzjoni Personali u tiġi protetta kif xieraq. Aħna qatt ma nikkombinaw, nanalizzaw jew narrikkixxu l-Informazzjoni Personali u l-Informazzjoni Teknika li nipproċessaw ma’ informazzjoni addizzjonali bil-għan li nidentifikaw l-Utenti Finali. Aħna qatt ma nittraċċaw lilek jew l-attivitajiet tiegħek online fuq apps u websajts jew matul iż-żmien, aħna ma niddependux fuq teknoloġiji persistenti bħal cookies ta’ partijiet terzi u qatt ma noħolqu profili jew gruppi ta’ udjenzi b’individwi fil-mira.
Kategoriji ta’ Informazzjoni Teknika miġbura u użati biex isaħħu s-Soluzzjonijiet ta’ DoubleVerify.
Attributi tal-kampanja ta’ reklamar  – L-identifikatur ta’ dak li jirreklama li jagħmel reklam, il-kampanja tiegħu u l-identifikaturi tat-tqegħid, l-identifikaturi tal-proprjetà tal-midja li tbigħ l-ispazju lil dak li jirreklama jew kwalunkwe pjattaforma ta’ reklamar intermedjarja, jinġabru u jiġu pproċessati biex jidentifikaw il-Klijent li qed nagħtuh servizz, biex jiġu applikati s-settings korretti għal Klijent, biex jinqasmu r-rapporti tal-Klijenti skont dawn l-identifikaturi u biex jinħareġ il-kont lil Klijent.
Attributi tal-kontenut tal-web – L-indirizz tal-web (URL) tal-paġna/frame fejn ikun se jintbagħat ir-reklam, u l-indirizz ta’ kwalunkwe paġni/frames riferuti jinġabru biex jiġi żgurat li r-reklami jintbagħtu fil-kuntest tajjeb li l-Klijent tagħna jkun issettja fil-profil settings tas-sistema tagħna.
Attributi tal-applikazzjoni mobbli – L-isem tal-applikazzjoni mobbli, l-id tal-applikazzjoni mobbli, l-app store, l-iżviluppatur tal-applikazzjoni, il-klassifikazzjoni f’kategorija ta’ stilel tal-applikazzjoni, il-klassifikazzjoni taż-żmien tal-applikazzjoni, u informazzjoni oħra disponibbli pubblikament dwar l-applikazzjoni mobbli fejn jintbagħat ir-reklam. Din l-informazzjoni tintuża biex tiżgura li r-reklami jintbagħtu fil-kuntest tajjeb li l-Klijent tagħna jkun issettja fil-profil settings fis-sistema tagħna.
Attributi tal-ambjent diġitali – It-tip ta’ apparat ikkonnettjat li qed jintbagħatlu r-reklam: il-mobajl, id-desktop, it-TV ikkonnettjat jew apparat ieħor, it-tip u l-verżjoni tal-brawżer li ntuża biex jipprovdi l-paġna fejn jidher ir-reklam u s-sistema operattiva jinġabru biex niddeterminaw x’verżjoni tal-kodiċi tagħna taħdem tajjeb f’dak l-ambjent u biex nkejlu tajjeb jekk ir-reklam kellux iċ-ċans li jsir viżwalizzabbli fuq l-iskrin skont l-istandards tal-industrija li jvarjaw bejn l-ambjenti.
Attributi tal-viżwalizzabbiltà – Il-post tar-reklam fuq il-paġna, id-daqs tar-reklam, id-daqs tal-iskrin, id-daqs tal-viewport, l-istatus tal-focus tat-tab, l-istatus tal-focus tal-brawżer, it-tul ta’ ħin li r-reklam kien fil-parti viżwalizzabbli tal-webpage u l-pożizzjoni skroll tal-webpage jinġabru biex niddeterminaw u nirrapportaw lill-Klijenti tagħna jekk ir-reklam kellux iċ-ċans li jsir viżwalizzabbli fuq l-iskrin.
Attributi tal-espożizzjoni u l-attirar tal-attenzjoni – Data li turi jekk ir-reklam kienx ikklikjat, isswajpjat, ittappjat jew intmessx, inbidilx fid-daqs, skippjat, tneħħielu l-ħoss, twaqqaf għal ftit ħin, iddawwar, kienx iffokat fuqu jew inbidillux il-volum tinġabar biex tgħin il-Klijenti tagħna jkejlu l-prestazzjoni tar-reklam, tal-kampanja ta’ reklamar jew tal-proprjetà tal-midja.
Kategoriji ta’ data miġbura u użata biex issaħħaħ l-Eliminazzjoni tal-Frodi:
Il-preżenza elettronika psewdonoma u l-identifikaturi tal-apparat – jiġifieri l-indirizz IP, l-istring tal-aġent utent jew derivattivi tal-kombinazzjoni ta’ dawn iż-żewġ valuri – jintużaw biex jevalwaw jekk il-preżenza online jew l-apparat humiex qed jipparteċipaw fi jew assoċjati ma’ skema frodulenti.
Kategoriji ta’ data miġbura u użata biex issaħħaħ il-Verifika Ġeo:
Il-preżenza elettronika psewdonoma u l-identifikaturi tal-apparat – indirizz IP – jinġabru biex jiddeterminaw il-post ġeografiku li huma assoċjati miegħu. Kull IP huwa assoċjat ma’ pajjiż, u, fl-Istati Uniti, jista’, ikun assoċjat ma’ informazzjoni aktar speċifika sal-kodiċi żip. Informazzjoni ta’ lokalizzazzjoni ġeografika preċiża dwarek qatt ma tinġabar.
F’ċirkostanzi limitati, DoubleVerify tista’ tkun meħtieġa minn xi Klijenti tagħha, pereżempju Klijenti li joperaw bħala “walled garden/s”, biex tipproċessa Informazzjoni Personali addizzjonali biex tippermetti s-Soluzzjonijiet tagħha. Tali Informazzjoni Personali addizzjonali tista’ tirrelata ma’ Utenti finali, ma’ individwi li joħolqu kontijiet f’dawn il-“walled gardens” jew individwi li joħolqu kontenut li jiġi ppubblikat f’ambjenti bħal dawn ta’ “walled gardens”. Sal-punt li DoubleVerify hija meħtieġa minn wieħed mill-Klijenti tagħha li jopera bħala “ġonna b’ħitan” biex tipproċessa Informazzjoni Personali addizzjonali biex tippermetti ċerti Soluzzjonijiet, DoubleVerify għandha tipproċessa tali Informazzjoni Personali biss għall-iskop li tissodisfa l-obbligi tagħha lejn il-Klijent u strettament skond l-istruzzjonijiet tal-Klijent, kif meħtieġ biex joperaw, jinżammu u, fejn applikabbli, itejbu s-Soluzzjonijiet. Aħna naħdmu b’diliġenza ma’ dawn il-Klijenti biex niżguraw li l-Informazzjoni Personali pproċessata tkun limitata biss għall-Informazzjoni Personali meħtieġa biex jintlaħqu dawn l-għanijiet. F’ċirkostanzi limitati, l-interazzjoni tagħna ma “walled gardens” tista’ tirriżulta f’irċevuta inċidentali ta’ Informazzjoni Personali. DoubleVerify jaħdem b’mod diliġenti biex jimmonitorja kwalunkwe każ bħal dan biex jiżgura li tali Informazzjoni Personali ma tiġix ipproċessata wara li tiġi riċevuta ħlief biex titnaddaf b’mod sigur mis-sistemi tagħna. Peress li f’dawn ix-xenarji l-kategoriji speċifiċi ta’ Informazzjoni Personali huma dipendenti fuq l-integrazzjoni u d-deċiżjonijiet personalizzati tal-Klijent, u jvarjaw minn Klijent għal ieħor, jekk għandek aktar mistoqsijiet, nirrakkomandaw li tikkuntattja lill-Klijent individwali jew tirrevedi d-dokumentazzjoni tal-privatezza li jagħmlu disponibbli fuq il-proprjetajiet tagħhom.
Is-Soluzzjonijiet mhumiex maħsuba  jew immirati għall-ipproċessar ta’ Informazzjoni Personali dwar it-tfal. Aħna ma niġbrux konxjament Informazzjoni Personali mit-tfal, peress li tali terminu huwa definit minn liġijiet applikabbli minn żmien għal żmien. Jekk inti ġenitur jew gwardjan u taħseb li l-Informazzjoni Personali tat-tifel/tifla tiegħek setgħet ġiet ipproċessata permezz tas-Soluzzjonijiet, jekk jogħġbok ikkuntattjana billi tuża l-informazzjoni f’Sezzjoni 13 “
Kif tikkuntattja lil DoubleVerify
” hawn taħt u aħna nieħdu passi biex inħassru b’mod sigur l-Informazzjoni Personali tagħhom mis-sistemi tagħna.
4. Kif nużaw id-dejta li niġbru?
DoubleVerify tuża biss l-Informazzjoni Teknika u l-Informazzjoni Personali miġbura għall-għanijiet deskritti f’Sezzjoni 3, “
X’Data Niġbru u għal Liema Għanijiet?
”, ta’ dan l-Avviż tal-Privatezza ta’ Soluzzjonijiet. B’mod ġenerali, l-Informazzjoni Teknika u l-Informazzjoni Personali tiegħek jiġu pproċessati biex jipprovdu rapportar, dashboards, feedback u għarfien intuwittiv (“
Rapportar
”) lil Klijenti tagħna. Kwalunkwe Rapportar, fi kwalunkwe format, jiġi anonimizzat u aggregat, jew, sakemm l-informazzjoni tkun meħtieġa sal-livell ta’ impression, kull impression tiġi de-identifikata biex jiġi żgurat li l-Informazzjoni Personali tiegħek qatt ma tinqasam mal-Klijenti. Minkejja dak li ntqal hawn fuq, ir-rappurtar mibni għal Klijenti li joperaw bħala “walled gardens” (per eżempju kumpaniji tal-midja soċjali) u Klijenti oħra li jiddependu fuq tali rappurtar (per eżempju kumpaniji li jirreklamaw fuq ‘feeds’ tal-midja soċjali) jista’ jinkludi informazzjoni ta’ individwi li joħolqu kontijiet fi ħdan tali “walled gardens” jew individwi li joħolqu kontenut li huwa ppubblikat f’ambjenti bħal dawn “walled gardens”. Din is-Sezzjoni tipprovdi għarfien intuwittiv addizzjonali dwar kif jiġu  pproċessati l-Informazzjoni Teknika u l-Informazzjoni Personali tiegħek biex jinkisbu l-għanijiet tan-negozju speċifikati f’Sezzjoni 3 ta’ dan l-Avviż tal-Privatezza ta’ Soluzzjonijiet.
DoubleVerify tuża l-Informazzjoni Teknika miġbura permezz tas-Soluzzjonijiet, kif speċifikat f’Sezzjoni 3.1, fil-modi li ġejjin s:
Biex tanalizza u tirrapporta dwar il-kuntest li fih jidhru r-reklami, il-kwalità, l-awtentiċità u l-prestazzjoni tagħhom. Speċifikament, informazzjoni li turi jekk reklam li qed jidher huwiex konformi mar-rekwiżiti  legali u tat-tqegħid issettjati minn qabel mill-Klijent, kif ukoll is-settings ta’ preferenza li l-Klijent ikun stabbilixxa fis-sistema tagħna.
Sabiex tipprovdi għarfien intuwittiv u deċiżjonijiet preventivi ta’ opportunitajiet ta’ impression. It-tekonoloġija ta’ DoubleVerify tanalizza l-karatteristiċi tad-data ta’ opportunità ta’ impression u tiddetermina jekk ir-reklam tal-Klijent għandux jintwera jew le, pereżempju billi jiddetermina li l-kontenut tal-madwar mhux allinjat mal-branding u l-preferenzi tal-Klijent.
Biex issaħħaħ l-Eliminazzjoni tal-Frodi, DoubleVerify tuża l-Informazzjoni Teknika u l-Informazzjoni Personali miġbura permezz tas-Soluzzjonijiet, kif speċifikat f’Sezzjoni 3.1 u 3.2, biex:
Teżamina u tidentifika impressions ta’ reklami li huma frodulenti minħabba li jkunu ġew iġġenerati minn brawżers mingħajr l-intervent uman, u kkontrollati minn bots.
Tassessja u tidentifika traffiku invalidu bħal traffiku ġġenerat minn injectors tar-reklami, traffiku li joriġina minn ċentri tad-data, traffiku misrappreżentat, traffiku emulat u tipi oħra ta’ traffiku invalidu.
Tanalizza u tidentifika websajts, apps ta’ apparati mobbli u kkonnettjati, u proprjetajiet tal-midja li għandhom traffiku frodulenti u/jew jiġġeneraw impressions ta’ reklamar frodulenti.
Tidentifika mudelli ta’ traffiku madwar websajts li jipparteċipaw f’attivitajiet ta’ reklamar frodulenti.
Tagħmel differenza bejn traffiku ġġenerat minn brawżers mingħajr l-intervent uman, ikkontrollati minn bots u brawżers bl-intervent uman.
Tiddetermina jekk reklami analizzati jsegwuwx ir-rekwiżiti legali applikabbli u l-preferenzi ssettjati mill-Klijenti tagħha.
Tiddetermina jekk middleware hux qed jipprova jirrappreżenta b’mod inkorrett il-karatteristiċi tal-operat tiegħu biex jipprevjeni l-identifikazzjoni ta’ traffiku frodulenti  jew traffiku invalidu ieħor.
Tiddetermina jekk it-traffiku ta’ websajt jew l-impressions ta’ reklam humiex qed joriġinaw minn server farm aktar milli ġġenerati minn attività ta’ ibbrawżjar ta’ persuna umana.
Tiddetermina jekk it-traffiku hux qed jinkiseb minn prattiċi frodulenti jew permezz ta’ prattiċi ta’ kisba ta’ traffiku oħra li mhumiex konformi mal-linji gwida jew mal-preferenzi ta’ Klijent.
Biex toħloq rekords ta’ indirizzi IP u strings ta’ aġent utent assoċjati ma’ skemi frodulenti u traffiku li mhux iġġenerat minn persuna umana (“Tabelli ta’ Frodi”). Peress li punti tad-data bħal dawk huma assoċjati ma’ interazzjonijiet mingħajr l-intervent uman, huma ma jikkostitwixxux Informazzjoni Personali.
Sabiex issaħħaħ l-Eliminazzjoni tal-Frodi, DoubleVerify tuża l-Informazzjoni Teknika u l-Informazzjoni Personali miġbura permezz tas-Soluzzjonijiet, kif speċifikat f’Sezzjoni 3.3, biex:
Tassessja f’livell għoli (pajjiż, stat, reġjun, jew, għar-residenti tal-Istati Uniti, il-kodiċi żip) il-post ġeografiku tal-Utent Finali u tivverifika jekk l-Utent Finali huwiex f’post inkluż fis-settings tal-kampanja jew tat-traffiku tal-Klijent.
Sal-punt li DoubleVerify hija meħtieġa minn wieħed mill-Klijenti tagħha li jopera bħala “walled gardens” biex tipproċessa Informazzjoni Personali addizzjonali biex tippermetti ċerti Soluzzjonijiet, DoubleVerify għandha tipproċessa tali Informazzjoni Personali biss għall-iskop li tissodisfa l-obbligi tagħha lejn il-Klijent u strettament skond l-istruzzjonijiet tal-Klijent, kif meħtieġ biex joperaw, jinżammu u, fejn applikabbli, itejbu s-Soluzzjonijiet. Jekk għandek xi mistoqsijiet, nirrakkomandaw li tikkuntattja lill-Klijent individwali jew tirrevedi d-dokumentazzjoni tal-privatezza li jagħmlu disponibbli fuq il-proprjetajiet tagħhom.
5. Kif u lil min niżvelaw id-dejta?
Aħna ta’ DoubleVerify ma niżvelawx Informazzjoni Personali lil partijiet terzi, ħlief kif strettament meħtieġ biex l-għanijiet tan-negozju tagħna jaħdmu, jinżammu u jitjiebu s-Soluzzjonijiet tagħna.   Sa fejn naqsmu kwalunkwe Informazzjoni Personali b’mod volontarju, aħna niżguraw li din tiġi protetta mir-riċevituri b’mod konsistenti mal-politika u l-istandards tagħna stess.
Nistgħu naqsmu l-Informazzjoni Personali tiegħek ma’:
Fornituri tas-Servizz – kumpaniji li għandna kuntratt magħhom biex jipprovdulna servizzi bħal IT u amministrazzjoni tas-sistemi, infrastruttura u servizzi ta’ hosting, riċerka u analiżi kummerċjali, appoġġ u assigurazzjoni tal-kwalità, sigurtà u servizzi oħra, għall-għanijiet u skont il-bażi legali deskritti hawn fuq. Inti tista’ titlob lista tal-Fornituri tas-Servizz tagħna, x’Informazzjoni Personali jirċievu u għal liema għanijiet billi tikkuntattjana. Tista’ ssib l-informazzjoni ta’ kuntatt f’Sezzjoni 13 “
Kif tikkuntattja lil DoubleVerify
” ta’ dan l-Avviż tal-Privatezza ta’ Soluzzjonijiet.
Affiljati – bħal kumpanija parent, kumpaniji sister, sussidjarji, impriżi konġunti jew kumpaniji oħra taħt kontroll komuni, sa fejn hu meħtieġ biex noperaw, inżommu u ntejbu s-Soluzzjonijiet tagħna. Tista’ titlob lista tal-Affiljati tagħna, x’Informazzjoni Personali jirċievu u għal liema għanijiet billi tikkuntattjana. Tista’ ssib l-informazzjoni ta’ kuntatt f’Sezzjoni 13 “
Kif tikkuntattja lil DoubleVerify
” ta’ dan l-Avviż tal-Privatezza ta’ Soluzzjonijiet.
Partijiet Terzi mqabbdin mill-Klijenti tagħna – biex jappoġġjaw il-Klijenti tagħna, nistgħu nintegraw is-Soluzzjonijiet tagħna ma’ għodod u servizzi oħra mqabbdin mill-Klijenti tagħna biex jagħtu servizzi aħjar u kapaċitajiet ta’ rapportar. Taħt l-ebda ċirkustanza ma nirċievu data minn dawn l-integrazzjonijiet li jippermettu lil DoubleVerify tarrikkixxi d-data tagħha u tidentifika Utenti Finali. F’xenarji limitati, nistgħu naqsmu informazzjoni fil-livell ta’ impression ma’ kumpaniji mqabbdin mill-Klijenti tagħna biex jagħmlu riċerka dwar l-effettività tal-kummerċjalizzazzjoni. F’ċirkostanzi limitati, il-Klijenti tagħna jistgħu jagħtuna istruzzjonijiet biex naqsmu ċerta Informazzjoni Personali meħtieġa biex nippermettu l-funzjonalità ta’ prodott jew servizz mhux ġestit minn DoubleVerify.
Partijiet Terzi involuti fi Tranżazzjoni Korporattiva – f’każ li DoubleVerify tiġi akkwistata jew magħquda ma’ kumpanija oħra, jew f’każ ta’ riorganizzazzjoni, xoljiment jew bidla korporattiva fundamentali oħra.
Nistgħu nkunu legalment meħtieġa li niżvelaw l-Informazzjoni Personali tiegħek:
(a) Jekk entità governattiva, tribunal, aġenzija tal-infurzar tal-liġi jew regolatorja teħtieġ dak l-iżvelar (pereżempju bħala parti minn investigazzjoni li tkun għaddejja, subpoena, proċess legali simili jew kawża);
(b) Jekk ikun mod ieħor meħtieġ mil-liġi, skont kwalunkwe liġi, regolament, jew regola applikabbli; u
(c) Jekk nemmnu, bona fede, li dak l-iżvelar huwa meħtieġ biex jipproteġi jew jiddefendi d-drittijiet tagħna jew id-drittijiet ta’ oħrajn, biex jassisti f’investigazzjoni jew biex jipprevjeni attività illegali.
Rapporti relatati ma’ Tabelli ta’ Frodi u Eliminazzjoni ta’ Frodi oħra, feeds tad-data, APIs u dashboards li ma fihomx Informazzjoni Personali nistgħu naqsmuhom ma’ jew nagħmluhom disponibbli lil Klijenti u lil partijiet terzi oħra, inkluż pereżempju organizzazzjonijiet fl-industrija, kif meħtieġ biex DoubleVerify tilħaq l-għanijiet tan-negozju tagħha li tipprovdi, iżżomm u ttejjeb il-parti tal-Eliminazzjoni tal-Frodi tagħha u tikkumbatti l-frodi tar-reklami.
Aħna ma naqsmux l-Informazzjoni Personali tiegħek mal-Klijenti tagħna. Kwalunkwe rapport u analiżi kummerċjali li nagħmlu disponibbli għal Klijenti tagħna permezz tal-Portal ta’ Rapportar tagħna huma anonimi, li jfisser li ma fihomx Informazzjoni Personali. Ir-rapporti huma ġeneralment aggregati, iżda f’ċirkostanzi limitati rapportar fil-livell ta’ impression jiġi pprovdut lil Klijenti tagħna, permezz ta’ punti ta’ tmiem FTP jew APIs, sakemm dawk ir-rapporti ma jkunx fihom xi Informazzjoni Personali. Nistgħu naqsmu Informazzjoni Teknika, li hija anonima, f’formati aggregati jew fil-forma mhux ipproċessata tagħha, ma’ partijiet terzi kif inqisu li hu meħtieġ biex nilħqu l-għanijiet tan-negozju tagħna li nipprovdu, inżommu u ntejbu s-Soluzzjonijiet. Barra minn hekk, nistgħu naqsmu data anonima jew de-identifikata fuq bażi aggregata fil-kors normali tal-operat tan-negozju tagħna; pereżempju, biex nippubblikaw studji ta’ każijiet u rapporti biex nuru xejriet dwar il-benefiċċji u l-prestazzjoni tas-Soluzzjonijiet tagħna.
Biex jiġi evitat id-dubju, DoubleVerify ma tagħmilx żvelar ta’ Informazzjoni Personali lil entitajiet li joperaw bħala “negozju” jew “parti terza” taħt liġijiet bħas-CCPA.
6. Għal kemm tul ta’ żmien inżommu l-Informazzjoni Personali?
DoubleVerify iżżomm kwalunkwe Informazzjoni Personali pproċessata permezz tas-Soluzzjonijiet tagħha sakemm ikun meħtieġ biex tilħaq l-għanijiet deskritti f’dan l-Avviż tal-Privatezza ta’ Soluzzjonijiet biss, u fl-ebda każ aktar minn ħamsa u erbgħin (45) jum. Malli jiskadi dak il-perjodu, l-Informazzjoni Personali titħassar b’mod sigur mis-sistemi ta’ DoubleVerify.
It-Tabelli ta’ Frodi jistgħu jinżammu għal żmien indefinit biex tiġi żgurata l-funzjonalità xierqa tas-Soluzzjoni tal-Eliminazzjoni tal-Frodi.
Informazzjoni Teknika, li hija anonima fin-natura, tista’ tinżamm minn DoubleVerify indefinittivament jew sakemm ikun previst mod ieħor fil-politika ta’ DoubleVerify u permess mil-liġijiet applikabbli u l-ftehimiet ta’ DoubleVerify mal-Klijenti tagħha.
7. Kif tiġi assigurata l-Informazzjoni Personali?
DoubleVerify implimentat miżuri tekniċi, fiżiċi u organizzazzjonali xierqa mfassla biex jipproteġu l-Informazzjoni Personali kontra distruzzjoni aċċidentali jew illegali jew telf aċċidentali, ħsara, tibdil, żvelar jew aċċess mhux awtorizzat, kif ukoll il-forom l-oħra kollha ta’ pproċessar illegali. Filwaqt li nsegwu standards ġeneralment aċċettati u l-aħjar prattiċi biex nipproteġu l-Informazzjoni Personali, l-ebda metodu ta’ ħażna jew trażmissjoni mhu sigur 100%. Madankollu, aħna naħdmu b’mod kostanti biex intejbu s-salvagwardji tagħna u nżommu l-Informazzjoni Personali tiegħek sigura.
8. Kif tiġi trasferita l-Informazzjoni Personali internazzjonalment?
Jekk jogħġbok kun af li l-Informazzjoni Personali li niġbru tista’ tiġi trasferita lejn u miżmuma fuq servers jew bażijiet tad-dejta li qegħdin barra l-istat, il-provinċja, il-pajjiż tiegħek jew ġurisdizzjoni oħra. Filwaqt li l-Informazzjoni Personali tiegħek tista’ tiġi trasferita permezz ta’ ċentru tad-data temporanju lokali biex jiġi żgurat li s-Soluzzjonijiet ikunu effiċjenti u jirrispondu malajr, DoubleVerify finalment taħżen l-Informazzjoni Personali kollha miġbura permezz tas-Soluzzjonijiet fl-Istati Uniti.  Bħala kumpanija globali, għandna uffiċini fl-Istati Uniti, fir-Renju Unit, fi Franza, l-Belġju, il-Finlandja, il-Ġermanja, l-Iżrael, il-Kanada, il-Messiku, il-Brażil, il-Ġappun, l-Indja, Singapore u l-Awstralja. L-impjegati tagħna f’dawn il-postijiet jistgħu jkunu meħtieġa jaċċessaw l-Informazzjoni Personali tiegħek biex jappoġġjaw is-Soluzzjonijiet tagħna. Il-livell ta’ protezzjoni tad-data stabbilit f’xi wħud minn dawn il-postijiet, bħall-Istati Uniti, jista’ jkun aktar baxx minn dak stabbilit fl-Unjoni Ewropea jew f’xi ġurisdizzjonijiet oħra li għaddew liġijiet u regolamenti tal-privatezza b’saħħithom.
Aħna nieħdu miżuri biex niżguraw li l-Informazzjoni Personali tiegħek tiġi maħżuna magħna b’mod sigur, tissodisfa r-rekwiżiti regolatorji tal-privatezza u sigurtà imposti fuq in-negozji tal-Unjoni Ewropea. Aħna niżguraw ukoll li kwalunkwe riċevitur ieħor tal-Informazzjoni Personali tiegħek joffri livell ta’ protezzjoni u ta’ sigurtà adegwat, pereżempju, billi jdaħħal fil-ftehimiet back-to-back xierqa u, jekk meħtieġ, klawsoli kuntrattwali standard jew mekkaniżmu alternattiv għat-trasferiment tad-data kif approvat mill-Kummissjoni Ewropea jew regolatur ieħor applikabbli. Il-prattiċi tal-privatezza ta’ DoubleVerify, deskritti f’dan l-Avviż tal-Privatezza, jikkonforma mas-Sistema APEC Cross Border Privacy Rules (CBPR) u mas-sistema Privacy Recognition for Processors (PRP). Is-sistema APEC CBPR u s-sistema APEC PRP jipprovdu oqfsa għall-organizzazzjonijiet biex jiżguraw protezzjoni ta’ informazzjoni personali trasferita fost l-ekonomiji parteċipanti APEC.  Aktar informazzjoni dwar l-oqfsa APEC tinsab
hawn
. Jekk għandek xi mistoqsijiet dwar fejn naħżnu l-Informazzjoni Personali tista’ tikkuntattjana kif deskritt f’Sezzjoni 13 “
Kif Tikkuntattja lil DoubleVerify
” ta’ dan l-Avviż tal-Privatezza Globali.
Barra minn hekk, DoubleVerify Inc., u s-sussidjarji tagħha Outrigger Media, Inc. d/b/a OpenSlate, Scibids Technology Inc., Zentrick Inc. (“DoubleVerify”), jikkonformaw mal-Qafas tal-Privatezza tad-Dejta tal-UE-S.U. (EU-U.S. DPF), l-Estensjoni tar-Renju Unit għall-UE-U.S. DPF, u l-Isvizzera-U.S. Qafas tal-Privatezza tad-Dejta (DPF Svizzera-Istati Uniti) kif stabbilit mid-Dipartiment tal-Kummerċ tal-Istati Uniti. DoubleVerify iċċertifikat lid-Dipartiment tal-Kummerċ tal-Istati Uniti li taderixxi mal-Prinċipji tal-Qafas tal-Privatezza tad-Dejta tal-UE-SU (Prinċipji DPF UE-SU) fir-rigward tal-ipproċessar ta’ dejta personali riċevuta mill-Unjoni Ewropea b’dipendenza fuq l-UE-SU DPF u mir-Renju Unit (u Ġibiltà) taħt l-Estensjoni tar-Renju Unit għall-UE-S.U. DPF. DoubleVerify iċċertifikat lid-Dipartiment tal-Kummerċ tal-Istati Uniti li taderixxi mal-Prinċipji tal-Qafas tal-Privatezza tad-Dejta bejn l-IIżvizzera u l-Istati Uniti (Prinċipji DPF Svizzera-U.S.) fir-rigward tal-ipproċessar ta’ data personali riċevuta mill-Isvizzera skont il-Prinċipji Żvizzera-U.S. DPF.  Jekk ikun hemm xi kunflitt bejn it-termini f’din il-politika ta’ privatezza u l-Prinċipji tad-DPF bejn l-UE u l-Istati Uniti u/jew l-Isvizzera-U.S. Prinċipji DPF, il-Prinċipji għandhom jirregolaw.  Biex titgħallem aktar dwar il-programm tal-Qafas tal-Privatezza tad-Dejta (DPF), u biex tara ċ-ċertifikazzjoni tagħna, jekk jogħġbok żur https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/.
DoubleVerify hija responsabbli għall-ipproċessar tad-dejta personali li tirċievi taħt id-DPF, u sussegwentement tittrasferixxi lil parti terza li taġixxi bħala aġent f’isimha.  DoubleVerify tikkonforma mal-Prinċipji tad-DPF għat-trasferimenti ‘l quddiem kollha ta’ dejta personali mill-UE, ir-Renju Unit, u l-Isvizzera, inklużi d-dispożizzjonijiet dwar ir-responsabbiltà ta’ trasferiment ‘il quddiem.
Il-Kummissjoni Federali tal-Kummerċ għandha ġurisdizzjoni fuq il-konformità ta’ DoubleVerify mad-DPF tal-UE-SU, l-Estensjoni tar-Renju Unit għad-DPF tal-UE-SU, u mad-DPF tal-Isvizzera-SU. F’ċerti sitwazzjonijiet, DoubleVerify jista’ jkun li tinħtieġ li tiżvela dejta personali f’reazzjoni għal talbiet legali mill–awtoritajiet pubbliċi, inkluż biex tissodisfa ħtiġijiet ta’ rinfurzar minħabba raġunijiet nazzjonali ta’ sigurtà nazzjonali jew legali.
F’konformità mad-DPF tal-UE-SU, l-Estensjoni tar-Renju Unit għad-DPF tal-UE-SU, u d-DPF tal-Isvizzera-SU, DoubleVerify timpenja ruħha li tirreferi lmenti mhux solvuti dwar l-immaniġġjar tagħna tad-dejta personali li waslet minħabba d-DPF tal-UE-SU, l-Estensjoni tar-Renju Unit għad-DPF tal-UE-SU u d-DPF tal-Isvizzera-SU. kif ukoll id-DPF tal-Isvizzera-SU għat-TRUSTe, fornitur alternattiv ta’ riżoluzzjoni tat-tilwim ibbażat fl-Istati Uniti.  Jekk ma tirċevix rikonoxximent f’waqtu tal-ilment tiegħek relatat mal-Prinċipji DPF mingħandna, jew jekk ma indirizzajniex l-ilment tiegħek relatat mal-Prinċipji DPF għas-sodisfazzjon tiegħek, jekk jogħġbok żur https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request għal aktar informazzjoni jew biex tressaq ilment.  Dawn is-servizzi ta’ riżoluzzjoni ta’ tilwim huma pprovduti mingħajr ebda spiża għalik.
Għal ilmenti dwar il-konformità tad-DPF li ma ġewx solvuti minn xi mekkaniżmi oħra tad-DPF, għandek il-possibbiltà, taħt ċerti kundizzjonijiet, li tinvoka arbitraġġ vinkolanti. Aktar informazzjoni tinstab fuq is-sit elettroniku uffiċjali tad-DPF.
9. X’inhuma d-drittijiet tiegħek?
L-Utenti Finali f’ċerti ġurisdizzjonijiet jista’ jkollhom drittijiet ta’ suġġetti tad-data li jippermettulhom jagħmlu talbiet relatati mal-Informazzjoni Personali tagħhom. Ħafna ġurisdizzjonijiet jipprovdu wkoll lil Utenti Finali d-dritt li jkunu informati dwar kif kwalunkwe Informazzjoni Personali tinġabar, tintuża u ma’ min setgħet inqasmet jew ġiet żvelata, kif ukoll għal liema għanijiet. L-Avviż tal-Privatezza ta’ Soluzzjonijiet ta’ DoubleVerify huwa maħsub biex jissodisfa kwalunkwe rekwiżit bħal dak, iżda jekk għandek xi mistoqsijiet addizzjonali jew tixtieq tifhem aħjar kif l-Informazzjoni Personali tiegħek ġiet miġbura, użata jew ma’ min setgħet ġiet maqsuma jew żvelata, u għaliex, jekk jogħġbok ikkuntattjana billi tuża Sezzjoni 13 “
Kif Tikkuntattja lil DoubleVerify
” ta’ dan l-Avviż tal-Privatezza Gloabli.
Ir-residenti taż-Żona Ekonomika Ewropea, ir-Renju Unit, l-Isvizzera jew il-Kalifornja, fost oħrajn, , għandhom diversi drittijiet taħt il-liġijiet u r-regolamenti applikabbli dwar il-privatezza, bħal taħt il-GDPR u s-CCPA. Biex teżerċita dawn id-drittijiet, tista’ tuża
din il-Formola
jew tikkuntattjana billi tuża Sezzjoni 13 “
Kif Tikkuntattja lil DoubleVerify
” hawn taħt. Skont xi liġijiet u regolamenti, bħas-CCPA, tista’ wkoll tinnomina aġent awtorizzat biex jissottometti talba jew jeżerċita dritt f’ismek. Aħna ma niddiskriminawx jew nirritaljaw kontrik talli teżerċita d-drittijiet tiegħek.
Dawn id-drittijiet huma:
Id-dritt li taċċessa kwalunkwe Informazzjoni Personali li nistgħu nżommu dwarek, inkluża informazzjoni dwar il-kategoriji u l-partijiet speċifiċi tal-Informazzjoni Personali.
Id-dritt li tikkoreġi kwalukwe Informazzjoni Personali li mhix preċiża li nistgħu nżommu dwarek. Jekk jogħġbok żomm f’moħħok li minħabba n-natura tal-Informazzjoni Personali li niġbru u l-metodu tal-ġbir tagħna, huwa diffiċli ħafna li nżommu Informazzjoni Personali li mhijiex eżatta jew li tissodisfa ċirkostanzi li jirrikjedu korrezzjoni.
Id-dritt li titlob li DoubleVerify tħassar kwalunkwe Informazzjoni Personali li tista’ żżomm dwarek.
Id-dritt li titlob li l-ipproċessar tal-Informazzjoni Personali dwarek jiġi sospiż jew ristrett għal perjodu ta’ żmien, pereżempju, waqt li tkun qed tevalwa jekk għandekx drittijiet oħra li tixtieq teżerċita.
Sakemm l-Informazzjoni Personali tiegħek tiġi pproċessata abbażi ta’ interess leġittimu, int għandek dritt li toġġezzjona għal dak l-ipproċessar.
Sa fejn l-Informazzjoni Personali tiegħek tiġi pproċessata abbażi tal-kunsens tiegħek, biex tirtira tali kunsens permezz tal-Qafas ta’ Trasparenza u Kunsens tal-IAB Europe.
Sa fejn ikun possibbli, aħna nissodisfaw kwalunkwe talba relatata ma’ Untent Finali sakemm inkunu nistgħu nqabblu l-Utent Finali mal-Informazzjoni Personali li nżommu fuq is-sistemi tagħna. Madankollu, f’ċerti ċirkostanzi nistgħu nkunu meħtieġa nivverifikaw l-identità tiegħek biex nissodisfaw talba. Sabiex nivverifikaw l-identità tiegħek jew nifhmu l-iskop tat-talba tiegħek nistgħu neħtieġu li nitolbu informazzjoni addizzjonali dwarek. M’intix se tintalab toħloq kont magħna biex tissottometti talba jew biex dik it-talba tiġi sodisfatta. Ikollok ħtieġa tipprovdi indirizz tal-email sabiex inkunu nistgħu nikkomunikaw miegħek u nappoġġjaw it-talba tiegħek, kif ukoll kwalunkwe informazzjoni li nkunu nistgħu neħtieġu biex tippermettilna nivverifikaw jekk inżommux xi Informazzjoni Personali dwarek. Jekk jogħġbok kun af li jistgħu jeżistu ċirkostanzi li jagħmluha impossibbli li nissodisfaw it-talba tiegħek, iżda jekk ma nkunux nistgħu nissodisfaw it-talba tiegħek nispjegawlek għaliex. Sakemm ma nżommux kwalunkwe Informazzjoni Personali dwarek aħna ninformawk. Aħna nagħmlu kull sforz biex nirrispondu l-mistoqsijiet u t-talbiet kollha mill-aktar fis raġonevolment possibbli, iżda jekk jogħġbok ippermettilna sa tletin (30) jum biex nirrispondu.
Sa fejn DoubleVerify isservi bħala “proċessur”, “kuntrattur” jew “fornitur tas-servizz”, kif definit fil-liġi applikabbli, jista’ jkollok bżonn tidderieġi t-talbiet tiegħek biex teżerċita d-drittijiet tiegħek lill-Klijent rilevanti li jservi bħala l-“kontrollur” jew in-“negozju”.
10. Żvelar addizzjonali
Ċertu liġijiet u regolamenti tal-privatezza, bħas-CCPA, jeħtieġu li n-negozji jiżvelaw jekk ibigħux Informazzjoni Personali. DoubleVerify ma tiżvelax Informazzjoni Personali b’mod li jikkostitwixxi “bejgħ” jew “kondiviżjoni” taħt il-liġijiet tal-Kalifornja, tal-Virginia, tan-Nevada jew liġijiet simili.
11. DoubleVerify juża l-Intelliġenza Artifiċjali?
DoubleVerify juża l-Intelliġenza Artifiċjali (“IA”) f’diversi kapaċitajiet u modi fl-organizzazzjoni kollha. Filwaqt li DoubleVerify jagħmel użu mit-teknoloġiji tal-IA, aħna ma nieħdux sehem fi “teħid ta’ deċiżjonijiet awtomatizzati” kif definit mil-liġijiet u r-regolamenti applikabbli dwar il-privatezza.
12. Liġi regolatorja
Sal-punt applikabbli u permess mil-liġijiet u r-regolamenti applikabbli, dan l-Avviż ta’ Privatezza tas-Soluzzjonijiet huwa rregolat minn u interpretat skont il-liġijiet interni tal-istat tad-Delaware, u l-ġurisdizzjoni u l-post għal kwalunkwe tilwima se jkunu f’Delaware.
13. Isir aġġornament ta’ dan l-Avviż ta’ Privatezza tas-Soluzzjonijiet?
Aħna nistgħu naġġornaw dan l-Avviż tal-Privatezza ta’ Soluzzjonijiet minn żmien għal żmien biex jirrifletti bidliet fis-Soluzzjonijiet, il-prattiċi, il-politika jew il-bidliet interni jew esterni oħra tagħna, kif ukoll biex jikkonforma mar-rekwiżiti legali l-ġodda. Kwalunkwe bidliet jiġu ppostjati mill-ewwel malli jidħlu fis-seħħ. Jekk nagħmlu l-aġġornamenti, se naġġornaw “id-data effettiva” elenkata fuq nett f’dan l-Avviż tal-Privatezza ta’ Soluzzjonijiet biex ngħinuk tifhem meta jkunu saru l-bidliet. Sabiex tibqa’ informat bi kwalunkwe aġġornamenti bħal dawk, ninkoraġġuk tirreferi lura għal dan l-Avviż tal-Privatezza ta’ Soluzzjonijiet regolarment.  Jekk jogħġbok innota li kwalunkwe traduzzjoni ta’ dan l-Avviż tal-Privatezza ta’ Soluzzjonijiet huwa maħsub biss biex jiffaċilita l-aċċess tiegħek għal din l-informazzjoni. Il-verżjoni Ingliża hija l-unika verżjoni uffiċjali ta’ dan l-Avviż tal-Privatezza ta’ Soluzzjonijiet u kwalunkwe ineżattezzi jew diskrepanzi tat-traduzzjoni ma jorbtux u m’għandhom l-ebda effett legali għall-għanijiet ta’ konformità jew ta’ infurzar.
14. Kif tista’ tikkuntattja lil DoubleVerify?
Jekk għandek xi mistoqsijiet, tħassib jew kummenti dwar dan l-Avviż tal-Privatezza ta’ Soluzzjonijiet, jew jekk taħseb li l-Informazzjoni Personali tiegħek intużat b’mod li mhuwiex konsistenti mal-Avviż tal-Privatezza jew mal-għażliet tiegħek, tista’ tikkuntattja lit-Tim tal-Privatezza tagħna hawn:
Uffiċjal tal-Privatezza / Uffiċjal tal-Protezzjoni tad-Dejta (It-Tim tal-Privatezza) Informazzjoni ta’ Kuntatt
DoubleVerify Inc.
462 Broadway
New York, NY 10013
privacy-policy@doubleverify.com
Jekk għandek tħassib dwar il-privatezza li mhux riżolt jew dwar l-użu tad-data li għadna ma indirizzajniex b’mod sodisfaċenti, jekk jogħġbok ikkuntattja l-fornitur tar-riżoluzzjoni tal-ilmenti ta’ partijiet terzi ibbażat fl-Istati Uniti (bla ħlas) hawn
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
. Aħna kommessi li niksbu riżoluzzjoni ġusta ta’ kwalunkwe ilment jew tħassib li jista’ jkollok dwar il-privatezza tiegħek jew dwar dan l-Avviż tal-Privatezza ta’ Soluzzjonijiet. Madankollu, jekk temmen li ma rnexxilniex nassistuk, xejn f’dan l-Avviż tal-Privatezza ta’ Soluzzjonijiet ma jillimita jew jipprova jillimita d-drittijiet tiegħek skont il-liġijiet applikabbli, inkluża l-abbiltà tiegħek, skont il-pajjiż tar-residenza tiegħek, li tippreżenta ilment lill-Awtorità tal-Protezzjoni tad-Data lokali tiegħek jew lil aġenzija oħra b’ġurisdizzjoni fuq materji relatati mal-privatezza.
Ikrafttredelsesdato: 28. juni 2024
Oversikt
DoubleVerify, Inc., sammen med sine globale datterselskaper, (samlet «
DoubleVerify
», «
vi
», «
oss
» eller «
vår/vårt/våre
») er bransjelederen i å levere åpenhet og ansvarlighet innen nettannonsering. DoubleVerify bruker ulike teknologier for å innhente informasjon om nettannonsering, nettstedstrafikk, mobil app-trafikk og tilkoblet enhetstrafikk for å levere åpenhets- og ansvarlighetsprodukter og -løsninger for annonsering (samlet «
løsninger
»). Denne personvernmerknaden («
personvernmerknad
for
løsninger
») forklarer hvem vi er, hvordan vi innhenter, bruker og deler personlige opplysninger gjennom våre løsninger, samt hvordan du kan utøve dine personvernrettigheter.
Hvis du vil ha mer informasjon om hvordan DoubleVerify behandler personlige opplysninger innhentet på våre offentlig vendte nettsteder, gå til vår
personvernmerknad for nettsteder og markedsføring
.
Hvis du bruker DoubleVerify-løsninger og ønsker mer informasjon om hvordan DoubleVerify behandler personlige opplysninger innhentet gjennom våre rapporteringsverktøy, gå til vår
personvernmerknad for rapporteringsverktøy
.
Hurtigkoblinger
Vi anbefaler at du leser denne personvernmerknaden for løsninger i sin helhet for å sikre at du er fullt informert. For å gjøre det enklere for deg å finne og gjennomgå spesifikke deler av denne personvernmerknaden for løsninger, har vi i midlertid delt den opp i følgende avsnitt:
Hvem er DoubleVerify?
Hva er vår rolle, mål og juridiske grunnlag for behandling?
Hvilke opplysninger innhenter vi og for hvilke formål?
Hvordan bruker vi opplysningene vi innhenter?
Hvordan og til hvem offentliggjør vi opplysninger?
Hvor lenge oppbevarer vi personlige opplysninger?
Hvordan sikres personlige opplysninger?
Hvordan overføres personlige opplysninger internasjonalt?
Hva er dine rettigheter?
Ytterligere offentliggjøringer
Bruker DoubleVerify kunstig intelligens?
Styrende lov
Oppdaterer vi denne personvernmerknaden for løsninger?
Hvordan kan du kontakte DoubleVerify?
1. Hvem er DoubleVerify?
DoubleVerifys akkrediterte plattformer gir uavhengige digitale mediemålinger, data og analyser om annonse (eller «ann.»)-avtrykkslevering og nettstedstrafikk, for å hjelpe annonsører, byråer og reklameinventarselgere (samlet «
kunder
») med å bekrefte nøyaktige leveringsegenskaper, inkludert merkevaresikkerhet, visningsmål, kontekstuelle og miljømessige parametere (for eksempel nettstedet der en annonse vises, og hvor den vises på nettsiden), annonseavtrykk og kvalitetsegenskaper for nettstedstrafikk, og gir innsikt som lar kundene våre ta informerte beslutninger om plasseringen av deres kreative annonsemerkevare.
Vi tror på å tilby sterk personvernbeskyttelse til enhver enkeltperson hvis informasjon vi behandler uansett kapasitet – fordi vi mener at personvern er en grunnleggende rettighet, ikke noe som bør avhenge av hvor du bor. For å leve opp til dette prinsippet behandler vi alle opplysninger som relaterer til eller er knyttet til en identifisert eller identifiserbar enkeltperson som «personlige opplysninger», uavhengig av enkeltpersonens plassering. Når det gjelder våre løsninger, begrenser DoubleVerify all informasjon vi innhenter til informasjon som ikke tillater identifisering av en enkeltperson uten ytterligere informasjon. DoubleVerify behandler for eksempel din Internet Protocol («IP»)-adresse, som er et nummer som automatisk tildeles en datamaskin når Internett brukes. Selv om DoubleVerify behandler slik informasjon som personlige opplysninger, i samsvar med beste praksis og gjeldende lover, kombinerer vi aldri denne informasjonen med noen andre opplysninger som vil gjøre det mulig for oss å identifisere enkeltpersonen de relaterer til.
Denne personvernmerknaden for løsninger er ment å informere enkeltpersoner hvis opplysninger kan behandles gjennom våre løsninger («
sluttbruker(e)
» eller, «
du
» og «
din/ditt/dine
») om: (1) typene opplysninger DoubleVerify kan innhente om deg eller enheten din når en annonse som analyseres av oss leveres til deg på et nettsted du ser på eller i en app du bruker, (2) vår personvernpraksis, hvordan vi bruker, deler, og ellers behandler opplysninger som anses som personlige opplysninger, og (3) hvilke rettigheter du har når det gjelder slike personlige opplysninger. Denne personvernmerknaden for løsninger forklarer også hvilke ikke-personlige opplysninger («
tekniske opplysninger
») vi innhenter om annonsene vi sporer og hvordan vi bruker disse tekniske opplysningene til å drive våre løsninger.
2. Hva er vår rolle, våre mål og juridiske grunnlag for behandling?
DoubleVerifys løsninger for svindelidentifisering og -eliminering («
svindeleliminering
») og verifisering av geografisamsvar («
geoverifisering
»), krever behandling av personlige opplysninger. Med unntak av begrensede omstendigheter som er beskrevet nedenfor, med hensyn til lover og forskrifter så som personvernforordningen («
GDPR
»), driver DoubleVerify svindeleliminering som en «behandlingsansvarlig» og geoverifisering som en «behandler». Når det gjelder California Consumer Privacy Act («
CCPA
») og andre amerikanske delstatlige forskriftsrammeverk, kan vår betegnelse variere avhengig av det spesifikke forholdet til hver kunde. Siden de personlige opplysningene vi behandler innhentes av vår teknologi og «gjøres tilgjengelig» for oss av våre kunder, opererer vi generelt som en «leverandør» under CCPA eller som en «behandler» under andre amerikanske delstatlige lover og forskriftsrammeverk.  Til tross for det foregående, i begrensede omstendigheter der personlige opplysninger deles med DoubleVerify via tilpassede integrasjoner og andre ikke-standard metoder, for eksempel når slike personlige opplysninger innhentes og leveres av en kunde for DoubleVerifys analyse, kan vi anses som en «behandler» eller «tjenesteleverandør» under CCPA.  Dette scenariet er mest vanlig i våre partnerskap med kunder på sosiale medier og andre kunder som driver proprietære miljøer, ofte omtalt som «inngjerdede hager».
Med unntak av svindeleliminering, inkludert når det kreves for å kvalifisere inntrykk i henhold til standard bransjepraksis (f.eks. retningslinjer fra Media Ratings Council) og geoverifisering, krever DoubleVerifys andre løsninger (som synlighet, merkevaresikkerhet og egnethet) vanligvis ikke behandling av personlige opplysninger. Det finnes imidlertid omstendigheter, slik som tilfeller der vi kan gi slike løsninger til kunder som driver «inngjerdede hager», der disse kundene, i sin rolle som behandlingsansvarlige, kan kreve at DoubleVerify behandler ytterligere personlige opplysninger om sluttbrukere eller enkeltpersoner som oppretter kontoer og innhold innenfor kundens miljøer. I et slikt scenario blir avgjørelsen om hvilke personlige opplysninger som behandles tatt av kundene, som i sin rolle som behandlingsansvarlige, også bestemmer, etter eget skjønn, det juridiske grunnlaget for behandling av slike personlige opplysninger. For ytterligere informasjon om disse kundenes personvernpraksis, de personlige opplysningene som behandles og det gjeldende rettslige grunnlaget for behandlingen, bør du gjennomgå hver enkelt kundes relevante og gjeldende personvernerklæring eller -erklæringer. Hvis du kontakter DoubleVerify for å spørre om disse programmene, kan vi gi deg grunnleggende informasjon om arbeidet vi gjør for disse kundene, men vi vil anbefale at du kontakter den individuelle kunden eller gjennomgår personverndokumentasjonen de gjør tilgjengelig for deres eiendommer.
Som det relaterer til lovgivning så som GDPR, er DoubleVerifys juridiske grunnlag for behandling av personlige opplysninger gjennom våre løsninger den legitime interessen til: (i) våre kunder for å unngå annonserelatert svindel og presentere geografisk nøyaktig og samsvarende informasjon til sluttbrukere, (ii) sluttbrukere for å motta svindelfri og geografisk nøyaktig og samsvarende informasjon, og (iii) allmennheten i fortsatt tilgjengelighet av et gratis Internett.
DoubleVerify deltar i IAB Transparency and Consent Framework (TCFv2.2 – Vendor ID 126), og vi bruker legitim interesse som grunnlag for innhenting av opplysninger for følgende formål:
Sikre sikkerhet, forhindre og oppdage svindel, og fikse feil (spesialformål 1)
Levere og presentere annonsering og innhold (spesialformål 2)
Lagre og kommunisere personvernvalg (spesialformål 3)
Måle annonseytelse (formål 7)
Utvikle og forbedre tjenester (formål 10)
I begrensede scenarier kan enheten som er ansvarlig for IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework på eiendommen der DoubleVerify-løsninger driftes, gjøre vår geoverifisering underlagt samtykke. I disse svært begrensede tilfellene vil samtykke gjelde for:
Bruk av begrensede opplysninger for utvalgt annonsering (formål 2)
Måle annonseytelse (formål 7)
Utvikle og forbedre tjenester (formål 10)
3. Hvilke opplysninger innhenter vi og til hvilke formål?
DoubleVerify, for å utføre sine forretningsformål med å levere, opprettholde og forbedre sine løsninger, innhenter og bruker visse kategorier av personlige opplysninger og tekniske opplysninger. Kategoriene av personlige opplysninger og tekniske opplysninger som behandles gjennom DoubleVerify-løsningene er beskrevet nedenfor. I den grad personlige opplysninger kreves for driften av én eller flere funksjoner i en DoubleVerify-løsning, vil slike personlige opplysninger kun brukes for de spesifikke formålene som er beskrevet nedenfor, med mindre annet er påkrevd av loven. I tillegg kan det under noen omstendigheter være nødvendig å behandle de personlige opplysningene i forbindelse med noen tekniske opplysninger for at DoubleVerifys løsninger skal fungere riktig. I alle slike scenarier anses de kombinerte opplysningene som personlige opplysninger og beskyttes deretter. Vi kombinerer aldri, analyserer eller beriker de personlige opplysningene og de tekniske opplysningene vi behandler med ytterligere informasjon med målet om å identifisere sluttbrukerne. Vi sporer aldri deg eller dine nettaktiviteter på tvers av apper og nettsteder eller over tid, vi baserer oss ikke på vedvarende teknologier som tredjeparts informasjonskapsler, og vi oppretter aldri profiler eller publikumsgrupper for å målrette mot enkeltpersoner.
Kategorier av tekniske opplysninger som innhentes og brukes til å drive DoubleVerify-løsningene:
Attributter for reklamekampanjer – Identifikatoren til annonsøren som leverer en annonse, dens kampanje- og plasseringsidentifikatorer, identifikatorene til medieeiendommen som selger inventaret til annonsøren eller en mellomliggende annonseplattform innhentes og behandles for å identifisere kunden vi betjener, for å bruke de riktige innstillingene for kunden, for å segmentere kunderapportene i henhold til disse identifikatorene og for å fakturere kunden.
Attributter for nettinnhold – Nettadressen (URL) til siden/rammen der annonsen leveres, og adressen til eventuelle henvisende sider/rammer innhentes for å sikre at annonsene leveres i den riktige konteksten som kunden har angitt i profilinnstillingene i systemet vårt.
Mobilapplikasjonsattributter – Mobilapplikasjonsnavnet, mobilapplikasjons-ID, app-butikk, utvikler av applikasjonen, stjernerangering av applikasjonen, aldersrangering av applikasjonen og annen offentlig tilgjengelig informasjon om mobilapplikasjonen hvor annonsen leveres. Denne informasjonen brukes til å sikre at annonsene leveres i den riktige konteksten som kunden vår har satt i profilinnstillingene i systemet vårt.
Attributter for digitale miljøer – Typen av tilkoblet enhet annonsen leveres til: mobil, stasjonær PC, tilkoblet TV eller annen enhet, nettlesertypen og -versjonen som brukes til å presentere siden hvor annonsen vises og operativsystemet innhentes for å bestemme hvilken versjon av koden vår vil kjøre korrekt i det miljøet og for å måle om reklamen hadde sjansen til å bli synlig på skjermen i henhold til bransjestandarder som varierer mellom miljøer.
Synlighetsattributter – Plasseringen til annonsen på siden, størrelsen på annonsen, størrelsen på skjermen, størrelsen på visningsporten, fanens fokusstatus, nettleserens fokusstatus, tidsvarigheten annonsen var i den synlige delen av nettsiden, og rulleposisjonen til nettsiden innhentes for å bestemme og rapportere til kundene våre om annonsen hadde mulighet til å bli synlig på skjermen.
Attributter for eksponering og engasjement – Opplysninger som viser om annonsen ble klikket på, sveipet, trykket eller trykket på, endret i størrelse, hoppet over, dempet, satt på pause, rotert, svevet over eller endret volum på innhentes for å hjelpe kundene våre med å måle ytelsen til annonsen, reklamekampanjen eller medieeiendommen.
Kategorier av opplysninger som innhentes og brukes til å drive svindeleliminering:
Pseudonymt elektronisk nærvær og enhetsidentifikatorer – dvs. IP-adresse, brukeragentstreng eller derivater av disse to verdiene – brukes for å vurdere om den nettbaserte tilstedeværelsen eller enheten deltar i eller er forbundet med en bedragersk ordning.
Kategorier av opplysninger som innhentes og brukes til å styrke geoverifisering:
Pseudonymt elektronisk nærvær og enhetsidentifikatorer – IP-adresse – innhentes for å fastslå den geografiske plasseringen de er tilknyttet til. Hver IP-adresse er forbundet med et land, og, innenfor USA, kan være forbundet med mer spesifikk informasjon ned til postnummer. Din nøyaktige geolokasjonsinformasjon innhentes aldri.
Under begrensede omstendigheter kan DoubleVerify være pålagt av noen av sine kunder, for eksempel kunder som opererer som en «inngjerdet hage» å behandle ytterligere personlige opplysninger for å aktivere sine løsninger. Slike ytterligere personlige opplysninger kan være relatert til sluttbrukere, til personer som oppretter kontoer i slike «inngjerdede hager» eller personer som skaper innhold som er publisert i slike «inngjerdet hage»-miljøer. I den grad DoubleVerify er påkrevd av én av kundene som opererer som «inngjerdede hager» å behandle ytterligere personlige opplysninger for å muliggjøre visse løsninger, skal DoubleVerify behandle slike personlige opplysninger utelukkende med det formål å oppfylle sine forpliktelser overfor kunden og strengt i samsvar med kundens instruksjoner, som påkrevd for å drive, vedlikeholde og, der det er aktuelt, forbedre løsningene. Vi jobber flittig med disse kundene for å sikre at de personlige opplysningene som behandles kun er begrenset til de personlige opplysningene som er nødvendige for å oppnå disse formålene. Under begrensede omstendigheter kan vår samhandling med «inngjerdede hager» føre til tilfeldig mottak av personlige opplysninger. DoubleVerify arbeider flittig for å overvåke slike tilfeller for å sikre at slike personlige opplysninger ikke behandles utover mottak, bortsett fra for å sikkert rense dem fra systemene våre. Siden de spesifikke kategoriene av personlige opplysninger i disse scenarioene er avhengige av kundens tilpassede integrering og beslutninger, og varierer fra kunde til kunde, anbefaler vi at du, hvis du har ytterligere spørsmål, kontakter den individuelle kunden eller gjennomgår personverndokumentasjonen de gjør tilgjengelig på sine eiendommer.
Løsningene er ikke ment for eller rettet mot behandling av barns personlige opplysninger. Vi innhenter ikke bevisst  personlige opplysninger fra barn, som slikt begrepet er definert av gjeldende lover fra tid til annen. Hvis du er en forelder eller verge og tror at ditt barns personlige opplysninger kan ha blitt behandlet gjennom løsningene, kontakt oss ved å bruke informasjonen i avsnitt 13 «
Hvordan kontakte DoubleVerify
» nedenfor, og vi vil ta skritt for å slette deres personlige opplysninger fra våre systemer på en sikker måte.
4. Hvordan bruker vi opplysningene vi innhenter?
DoubleVerify bruker kun de tekniske opplysningene og personlige opplysningene som innhentes for de formålene som er beskrevet i avsnitt 3, «
Hvilke opplysninger innhenter vi og for hvilke formål?
» i denne personvernmerknaden for løsninger. Generelt behandles de tekniske opplysningene og personlige opplysningene dine for å gi rapportering, dashbord, tilbakemelding og innsikt («
rapportering
») til kundene våre. DVs rapportering, i ethvert format, er anonymisert og aggregert, eller, i den grad det kreves avtrykksnivåinformasjon, avidentifiseres hvert avtrykk for å sikre at sluttbrukeres personlige opplysninger aldri deles med kunder. Uavhengig av det foregående, kan rapportering bygget for kunder som opererer som «inngjerdede hager» (for eksempel sosiale medieselskaper) og andre kunder som er avhengige av slik rapportering (for eksempel selskaper som annonserer på sosiale medier) inkludere informasjon om enkeltpersoner som oppretter kontoer i slike «inngjerdede hager» eller personer som skaper innhold som publiseres i slike «inngjerdet hage»-miljøer. Denne delen gir ytterligere innsikt i hvordan de tekniske opplysningene og personlige opplysningene dine behandles for å oppnå forretningsformålene spesifisert i avsnitt 3 i denne personvernmerknaden for løsninger.
DoubleVerify bruker de tekniske opplysningene som innhentes gjennom løsningene, som spesifisert i avsnitt 3.1, på følgende måte(r):
For å analysere og rapportere om konteksten hvor annonser vises, deres kvalitet, autentisitet og ytelse. Nærmere bestemt informasjon som illustrerer om en annonse som vises er i samsvar med kundens forhåndsinnstilte juridiske krav og krav til plassering, samt preferanseinnstillinger som kunden har etablert i vårt system.
For å gi innsikt og forebyggende beslutningstaking av avtrykksmuligheter. DoubleVerify-teknologien analyserer dataegenskapene til en avtrykksmulighet og avgjør om kundens annonse skal vises eller ikke, for eksempel ved å fastslå at det omkringliggende innholdet ikke stemmer overens med kundens merkevarebygging og preferanser.
DoubleVerify bruker de tekniske opplysningene og personlige opplysningene innhentet gjennom løsningene til å drive svindeleliminering, som spesifisert i avsnitt 3.1 og 3.2:
For å gjennomgå og identifisere spesifikke annonseavtrykk som er falske på grunn av at de blir generert av botkontrollerte, ikke-menneskelige surfere.
For å vurdere og identifisere ugyldig trafikk som trafikk generert av annonseinjektorer, trafikk opprinnelig fra datasentre, feilrepresentert trafikk, emulert trafikk og andre typer ugyldig trafikk.
For å analysere og identifisere nettsteder, apper for mobile og tilkoblede enheter og medieegenskaper som har svindelaktig trafikk og/eller genererer falske annonseavtrykk.
For å identifisere trafikkmønstre på tvers av nettsteder som deltar i svindelrelatert reklameaktivitet.
For å skille mellom trafikk generert av botkontrollerte, ikke-menneskelige surfere og menneskelige surfere.
For å avgjøre om annonser som er analysert, følger gjeldende juridiske krav og preferanser angitt av kundene våre.
Fastslå om en mellomvare forsøker å gi en feilaktig fremstilling av sine driftsegenskaper for å forhindre identifisering av svindel eller annen ugyldig trafikk.
Fastslå om nettstedstrafikk eller annonsevisninger kommer fra en serverfarm i stedet for menneskelig generert surfeaktivitet.
Fastslå om trafikk blir ervervet gjennom svindel eller gjennom annen praksis for trafikkanskaffelse som ikke er i samsvar med kundens retningslinjer eller preferanser.
For å opprette oppføringer av IP-adresser og brukeragentstrenger forbundet med svindelprogrammer og ikke-menneskerelatert trafikk («svindeltabeller»). Fordi slike datapunkter er forbundet med ikke-menneskelige samhandlinger, utgjør de ikke personlige opplysninger.
DoubleVerify bruker de tekniske opplysningene og personlige opplysningene innhentet gjennom løsningene til å drive geoverifisering, som spesifisert i avsnitt 3.3, for å:
Vurdere på høyt nivå (land, stat, region, eller, for innbyggere i USA, postnummer) den geografiske plasseringen til sluttbrukeren og bekrefte om sluttbrukeren befinner seg i kundens kampanje- eller trafikkinnstillinger.
I den grad DoubleVerify er påkrevd av én av kundene som opererer som «inngjerdede hager» å behandle ytterligere personlige opplysninger for å muliggjøre visse løsninger, skal DoubleVerify behandle slike personlige opplysninger utelukkende med det formål å oppfylle sine forpliktelser overfor kunden og strengt i samsvar med kundens instruksjoner, som påkrevd for å drive, vedlikeholde og, der det er aktuelt, forbedre løsningene. Hvis du har spørsmål, anbefaler vi at du tar kontakt med den individuelle kunden eller gjennomgår personverndokumentasjonen de gjør tilgjengelig på sine eiendommer.
5. Hvordan og til hvem offentliggjør vi opplysninger?
DoubleVerify offentliggjør ikke personlige opplysninger til tredjeparter, med unntak av det som er strengt nødvendig for våre forretningsformål for å drive, vedlikeholde og forbedre våre løsninger. I den grad vi frivillig deler personlige opplysninger, sørger vi for at de beskyttes av mottakerne på en måte som er i samsvar med våre egne retningslinjer og standarder.
Vi kan dele dine personlige opplysninger med:
Tjenesteleverandører – selskaper vi har engasjert for å levere tjenester som IT og systemadministrasjon, infrastruktur og vertstjenester, forskning og analyse, støtte og kvalitetssikring, sikkerhet og andre tjenester, for de formål og i henhold til det juridiske grunnlaget som er beskrevet ovenfor. Du kan be om en liste over våre tjenesteleverandører, hvilke personlige opplysninger de mottar og for hvilke formål ved å kontakte oss. Du kan finne kontaktinformasjon i avsnitt 13, «
Hvordan kontakte DoubleVerify
» i denne personvernmerknaden for løsninger.
Tilknyttede selskaper – som et morselskap, søsterselskaper, datterselskaper, fellesforetak eller andre selskaper under felles kontroll, i den grad det er nødvendig for å drive, vedlikeholde og forbedre våre løsninger. Du kan be om en liste over våre tilknyttede selskaper, hvilke personlige opplysninger de mottar og for hvilke formål ved å kontakte oss. Du kan finne kontaktinformasjon i avsnitt 13, «
Hvordan kontakte DoubleVerify
» i denne personvernmerknaden for løsninger.
Tredjeparter engasjert av kundene våre – for å støtte kundene våre, kan vi integrere løsningene våre med andre verktøy og tjenester engasjert av kundene våre for å levere forbedrede tjenester og rapporteringsmuligheter. Under ingen omstendigheter mottar vi opplysninger fra disse integreringene som gjør det mulig for DoubleVerify å berike våre opplysninger og identifisere sluttbrukere. I begrensede scenarier kan vi dele avtrykksnivåinformasjon med selskaper engasjert av våre kunder for å utføre forskning på markedsføringseffektivitet. I begrensede omstendigheter kan kundene våre instruere oss om å dele visse personlige opplysninger påkrevd for å muliggjøre funksjonalitet til et produkt eller en tjeneste ikke administrert av DoubleVerify.
Tredjeparter involvert i en bedriftstransaksjon – i tilfelle DoubleVerify blir kjøpt opp eller slått sammen med et annet selskap, eller i tilfelle omorganisering, oppløsning eller annen grunnleggende selskapsendring.
Vi kan være lovpålagt å offentliggjøre dine personlige opplysninger:
(a) Hvis en offentlig instans, tribunal, politimyndighet eller reguleringsorgan krever slik offentliggjøring (for eksempel som en del av en pågående etterforskning, stevning, lignende juridisk prosess eller prosedyre);
(b) Som ellers påkrevd i henhold til gjeldende lover, forskrifter eller regler; og
(c) Hvis vi i god tro mener at slik offentliggjøring er nødvendig for å beskytte eller forsvare våre rettigheter eller andres rettigheter, for å bistå i en etterforskning eller for å hindre ulovlig aktivitet.
Svindeltabeller og andre svindelelimineringsrelaterte rapporter, datastrømmer, API-er og dashbord som ikke inneholder personlige opplysninger, kan deles med eller gjøres tilgjengelig for kunder og andre tredjeparter, inkludert for eksempel bransjeorganisasjoner, som nødvendig for DoubleVerify å utføre sine forretningsformål for å levere, opprettholde og forbedre svindelelimineringsdelen av våre løsninger og bekjempe annonseringsbedrageri.
Vi deler ikke dine personlige opplysninger med kundene våre. Alle rapporter og analyser vi gjør tilgjengelig for kunder via vår rapporteringsportal er anonyme, noe som betyr at de ikke inneholder personlige opplysninger. Rapportene er generelt samlet, men i begrensede tilfeller blir rapportering på avtrykksnivå gitt til kundene våre via FTP-endepunkter eller API-er, forutsatt at slike rapporter ikke inneholder noen personlige opplysninger. Vi kan dele tekniske opplysninger, som er anonym, i aggregerte formater eller i råformat, med tredjeparter som vi anser som nødvendig for å utføre våre forretningsformål for å levere, vedlikeholde og forbedre løsningene. I tillegg kan vi dele anonyme eller avidentifiserte opplysninger på aggregert basis i den vanlige driften av vår virksomhet, for eksempel for å publisere kasusstudier og rapporter for å vise trender om fordelene og ytelsen til våre løsninger.
For å unngå tvil, gjør DoubleVerify ikke offentliggjøring av personlige opplysninger til enheter som opererer som en «virksomhet» eller en «tredjepart» i henhold til lover som CCPA.
6. Hvor lenge oppbevarer vi personlige opplysninger?
DoubleVerify oppbevarer personlige opplysninger behandlet gjennom sine løsninger bare så lenge det er nødvendig for å iverksette formålene som er beskrevet i denne personvernmerknaden for løsninger, og ikke lenger enn førtifem (45) dager. Ved utløpet av denne perioden blir de personlige opplysningene trygt slettet fra DoubleVerifys systemer.
Svindeltabeller kan oppbevares på ubestemt tid for å sikre at svindelelimineringsløsningen fungerer som den skal.
Tekniske opplysninger, som er anonyme av natur, kan oppbevares av DoubleVerify på ubestemt tid eller så lenge som ellers oppgitt i DoubleVerifys retningslinjer og tillatt i henhold til gjeldende lover og DoubleVerifys avtaler med kundene sine.
7. Hvordan sikres personlige opplysninger?
DoubleVerify har implementert hensiktsmessige tekniske, fysiske og organisatoriske tiltak utformet for å beskytte personlige opplysninger mot utilsiktet eller ulovlig ødeleggelse eller utilsiktet tap, skade, endring, uautorisert offentliggjøring eller tilgang, samt alle andre former for ulovlig behandling. Selv om vi følger generelt aksepterte standarder og beste praksis for å beskytte personlige opplysninger, er ingen metode for lagring eller overføring 100 % sikker. Vi jobber imidlertid kontinuerlig med å forbedre våre sikkerhetstiltak og holde dine personlige opplysninger sikre.
8. Hvordan overføres personlige opplysninger internasjonalt?
Vær oppmerksom på at de personlige opplysningene vi innhenter kan overføres til og opprettholdes på servere eller databaser som befinner seg utenfor din delstat, provins, land eller annen jurisdiksjon. Selv om dine personlige opplysninger kan overføres gjennom et lokalt midlertidig datasenter for å sikre at løsningene er effektive og responsive, lagrer DoubleVerify til syvende og sist alle personlige opplysninger som innhentes gjennom løsningene i USA. Som et globalt selskap har vi kontorer i USA, Storbritannia, Frankrike, Belgia, Finland, Tyskland, Israel, Canada, Mexico, Brasil, Japan, India, Singapore og Australia. Våre ansatte på disse stedene kan være påkrevd å få tilgang til dine personlige opplysninger for å støtte våre løsninger. Databeskyttelsesnivået som er etablert på noen av disse stedene, for eksempel i USA, kan være lavere enn det som er etablert i EU eller andre jurisdiksjoner som har vedtatt sterke personvernlover og -forskrifter.
Vi iverksetter tiltak for å sikre at dine personlige opplysninger lagres trygt hos oss, og oppfyller regulatoriske krav til personvern og sikkerhet som stilles til bedrifter i EU. Vi sørger også for at alle andre mottakere av dine personlige opplysninger tilbyr et tilstrekkelig nivå av beskyttelse og sikkerhet, for eksempel ved å inngå passende back-to-back avtaler og, hvis nødvendig, standard kontraktsklausuler eller en alternativ mekanisme for overføring av data som godkjent av Europakommisjonen eller annen gjeldende regulator. DoubleVerifys personvernpraksis, beskrevet i denne personvernmerknaden, overholder APEC Cross Border Privacy Rules (CBPR)-systemet og Privacy Recognition for Processors (PRP)-systemet. APEC CBPR-systemet og APEC PRP-systemet gir rammeverk for organisasjoner for å sikre beskyttelse av personlige opplysninger som overføres blant deltakende APEC-økonomier. Mer informasjon om APEC-rammeverkene finner du
her
. Hvis du har spørsmål om hvor vi lagrer personlige opplysninger, kan du kontakte oss som beskrevet i avsnitt 13 «
Hvordan kontakte DoubleVerify
» i denne globale personvernmerknaden.
I tillegg overholder DoubleVerify Inc., og dets datterselskaper Outrigger Media, Inc. d/b/a OpenSlate, Scibids Technology Inc., Zentrick Inc. («DoubleVerify») EU-USA. Rammeverk for personvern (EU-USA DPF), den britiske utvidelsen til EU-USA DPF og Sveits-USA Rammeverk for personvern (Sveits-USA DPF) som angitt av det amerikanske handelsdepartementet. DoubleVerify har sertifisert til det amerikanske handelsdepartementet at det overholder EU-USA. Rammeverkprinsipper for personvern (EU-USA DPF-prinsipper) med hensyn til behandling av personopplysninger mottatt fra EU ved å støtte seg på EU-USA. DPF og fra Storbritannia (og Gibraltar) under den britiske utvidelsen til EU-USA DPF. DoubleVerify har sertifisert til det amerikanske handelsdepartementet at det overholder Sveits-USA Rammeverksprinsipper for personvern (Sveits-USA DPF-prinsipper) med hensyn til behandling av personopplysninger mottatt fra Sveits ved å støtte seg på Sveits-USA. DPF.  Hvis det er noen konflikt mellom vilkårene i disse retningslinjene for personvern og EU-USA DPF-prinsipper og/eller Sveits-USA DPF-prinsipper, skal prinsippene styre.  For å lære mer om Rammeverk for personvern-programmet (DPF), og for å se vår sertifisering, gå til https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/.
DoubleVerify er ansvarlig for behandlingen av personopplysninger de mottar, under DPF, og overfører deretter til en tredjepart som opptrer som agent på deres vegne.  DoubleVerify overholder DPF-prinsippene for alle videre overføringer av personopplysninger fra EU, Storbritannia og Sveits, inkludert bestemmelsene om videre overføring av ansvar.
Den føderale handelskommisjonen har jurisdiksjon over DoubleVerifys overholdelse av EU-USA. DPF, den britiske utvidelsen til EU-USA DPF og Sveits-USA DPF. I visse situasjoner kan DoubleVerify bli pålagt å offentliggjøre personopplysninger som svar på lovlige forespørsler fra offentlige myndigheter, inkludert for å oppfylle nasjonale sikkerhets- eller rettshåndhevelseskrav.
I samsvar med EU-USA DPF, den britiske utvidelsen til EU-USA DPF og Sveits-USA DPF, forplikter DoubleVerify seg til å henvise uløste klager angående vår håndtering av personopplysninger mottatt ved å støtte seg på EU-USA. DPF, den britiske utvidelsen til EU-USA DPF og Sveits-USA DPF til TRUSTe, en alternativ tvisteløsningsleverandør basert i USA.  Hvis du ikke mottar betimelig anerkjennelse av din DPF-prinsipprelaterte klage fra oss, eller hvis vi ikke har adressert din DPF-prinsipprelaterte klage til din tilfredshet, kan du gå til https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request for mer informasjon eller for å sende inn en klage.  Disse tvisteløsningstjenestene leveres uten kostnad for deg.
For klager angående DPF-samsvar som ikke løses av noen av de andre DPF-mekanismene, har du muligheten til, under visse betingelser, å påberope bindende voldgift. Du finner mer informasjon på det offisielle DPF-nettstedet.
9. Hva er dine rettigheter?
Sluttbrukere i visse jurisdiksjoner kan ha registrerte rettigheter som gjør dem i stand til å sende forespørsler relatert til deres personlige opplysninger. De fleste jurisdiksjoner gir også sluttbrukere rett til å bli informert om hvordan personlige opplysninger innhentes, brukes og hvem de kan ha blitt delt med eller offentliggjort til, samt for hvilke formål. DoubleVerifys personvernmerknad for løsninger er ment å oppfylle slike krav, men hvis du har ytterligere spørsmål eller ønsker å bedre forstå hvordan dine personlige opplysninger kan ha blitt innhentet, brukt eller hvem de kan ha blitt delt med eller offentliggjort til, og hvorfor, kontakt oss ved å bruke avsnitt 13 «
Hvordan kontakte DoubleVerify
» nedenfor.
Innbyggere i Det europeiske økonomiske samarbeidsområdet, Storbritannia, Sveits eller California, blant andre, har flere rettigheter i henhold til gjeldende personvernlover og forskrifter, for eksempel i henhold til GDPR og CCPA. For å utøve disse rettighetene kan du bruke
dette skjemaet
eller kontakte oss ved å bruke avsnitt 13 «
Hvordan kontakte DoubleVerify
» nedenfor. I samsvar med visse lover og forskrifter, for eksempel CCPA, kan du også utpeke en autorisert agent til å sende inn en forespørsel eller utøve en rettighet på dine vegne. Vi vil ikke diskriminere eller gjengjelde mot deg for å utøve dine rettigheter.
Disse rettighetene er:
Retten til å få tilgang til personlige opplysninger vi kan ha om deg, inkludert informasjon om kategoriene og de spesifikke personlige opplysningene.
Retten til å korrigere unøyaktige personlige opplysninger vi kan ha om deg. Husk at på grunn av typen personlige opplysninger vi innhenter og metoden for vår innhenting, er det svært usannsynlig at vi har personlige opplysninger som er unøyaktige eller som vil møte omstendighetene som krever en korrigering.
Retten til å be om at DoubleVerify sletter personlige opplysninger vi kan ha om deg.
Retten til å be om at behandlingen av personlige opplysninger om deg suspenderes eller begrenses i en tidsperiode, for eksempel mens du vurderer om du har andre rettigheter du ønsker å utøve.
I den grad dine personlige opplysninger behandles basert på en legitim interesse, har du rett til å protestere mot slik behandling.
I den grad dine personlige opplysninger behandles basert på ditt samtykke, til å trekke tilbake slikt samtykke via IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework.
I størst mulig grad oppfyller vi alle forespørsler knyttet til en sluttbruker, forutsatt at vi kan matche sluttbrukeren med personlige opplysninger vi har på våre systemer. Under visse omstendigheter kan det imidlertid hende at vi må verifisere identiteten din for å oppfylle en forespørsel. For å verifisere identiteten din eller forstå omfanget av forespørselen din, må vi kanskje be om ytterligere informasjon om deg. Du vil ikke bli bedt om å opprette en konto hos oss for å sende inn en forespørsel eller få den oppfylt. Du må oppgi en e-postadresse slik at vi kan kommunisere med deg og støtte forespørselen din, samt eventuell informasjon vi måtte trenge for å bekrefte om vi har noen personlige opplysninger om deg. Vær oppmerksom på at det kan forekomme omstendigheter som vil gjøre oss ute av stand til å oppfylle forespørselen din, men hvis vi ikke kan oppfylle forespørselen, vil vi forklare hvorfor. I den grad vi ikke har noen personlige opplysninger om deg, vil vi gi deg beskjed. Vi gjør vårt beste for å svare på alle henvendelser og forespørsler så snart det er rimelig mulig, men det kan ta opptil tretti (30) dager før vi svarer.
I den grad DoubleVerify fungerer som en «behandler», «kontrahert» eller «tjenesteleverandør», som definert i gjeldende lovgivning, kan du måtte rette dine forespørsler om å utøve dine rettigheter til den relevante kunden som fungerer som «behandlingsansvarlig» eller «virksomhet».
10. Ytterligere offentliggjører
Visse personvernlover og -forskrifter, som CCPA, krever at virksomheter avslører om de selger personlige opplysninger. DoubleVerify offentliggjør ikke personlige opplysninger på en måte som ville utgjøre et «salg» eller «deling» i henhold til lovene i California, Virginia, Nevada eller lignende lover.
11. Bruker DoubleVerify kunstig intelligens?
DoubleVerify bruker kunstig intelligens («AI») i ulike kapasiteter og på ulike måter på tvers av hele organisasjonen. Selv om DoubleVerify bruker AI-teknologier, engasjerer vi oss ikke i «automatisert beslutningstaking» som definert av gjeldende personvernlover og -forskrifter.
12. Styrende lov
I den grad det er aktuelt og tillatt av gjeldende lovgivning og forskrifter, styres og tolkes denne personvernmerknaden for løsninger i samsvar med de interne lovene i delstaten Delaware, USA, og jurisdiksjon og verneting for enhver tvist vil være i Delaware.
13. Oppdaterer vi denne personvernmerknaden for løsninger?
Vi kan oppdatere denne personvernmerknaden for løsninger fra tid til annen for å gjenspeile endringer i våre løsninger, praksiser, retningslinjer eller andre interne eller eksterne endringer, samt for å overholde nye juridiske krav. Eventuelle endringer vil bli lagt ut så snart de trer i kraft. Hvis vi gjør oppdateringer, vil vi oppdatere «ikrafttredelsesdatoen» som er oppført øverst i denne personvernmerknaden for løsninger for å hjelpe deg med å forstå når endringer ble gjort. For å holde deg informert om slike oppdateringer, oppfordrer vi deg til å referere tilbake til denne personvernmerknaden for løsninger regelmessig.  Vær oppmerksom på at enhver oversettelse av denne personvernmerknaden for løsninger kun er ment å forenkle din tilgang til denne informasjonen. Den engelske versjonen er den eneste offisielle versjonen av denne personvernmerknaden for løsninger, og eventuelle oversettelsesunøyaktigheter eller -avvik er ikke bindende og har ingen juridisk virkning for overholdelses- eller håndhevelsesformål.
14. Hvordan kan du kontakte DoubleVerify?
Hvis du har spørsmål, bekymringer eller kommentarer om denne personvernmerknaden for løsninger, eller du mener at dine personlige opplysninger har blitt brukt på en måte som ikke er i samsvar med personvernmerknaden eller dine valg, kan du kontakte vårt personvernteam på:
Personvernansvarlig / Personvernombud (personvernteam) Kontaktinformasjon
DoubleVerify Inc.
462 Broadway
New York, NY 10013, USA
privacy-policy@doubleverify.com
Hvis du har en uløst bekymring om personvern eller bruk av opplysninger som vi ikke har håndtert på en tilfredsstillende måte, kan du kontakte vår USA-baserte tredjeparts tvisteløsningsleverandør (gratis) på
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
. Vi er forpliktet til å oppnå en rettferdig løsning på eventuelle klager eller bekymringer du måtte ha om ditt personvern eller denne personvernmerknaden for løsninger. Hvis du imidlertid mener at vi ikke har vært i stand til å hjelpe deg, er det ingenting i denne personvernmerknaden for løsninger som begrenser dine rettigheter i henhold til gjeldende lover, inkludert din evne, avhengig av ditt bostedsland, til å sende inn en klage til ditt lokale datatilsyn eller andre byråer med jurisdiksjon over personvernrelaterte saker.
Data wejścia w życie: 28 czerwca 2024 r.
Przegląd
DoubleVerify Inc., wraz ze swoimi globalnymi spółkami zależnymi (łącznie „
DoubleVerify
”, „
my
”, „
nas
” lub „
nasz
”) jest liderem w dziedzinie zapewniania przejrzystości i odpowiedzialności w zakresie reklam internetowych. DoubleVerify wykorzystuje różne technologie do gromadzenia informacji na temat reklam online, ruchu w sieci, ruchu w obrębie aplikacji mobilnych i podłączonych urządzeń, mając na celu dostarczanie produktów i rozwiązań w zakresie przejrzystości i odpowiedzialności reklam (łącznie „
Rozwiązania
”). Niniejsze Powiadomienie o ochronie prywatności („
Powiadomienie
”) wyjaśnia, kim jesteśmy, w jaki sposób gromadzimy, wykorzystujemy i udostępniamy dane osobowe za pośrednictwem naszych Rozwiązań, a także w jaki sposób użytkownicy mogą korzystać ze swoich praw do ochrony prywatności.
Aby uzyskać więcej informacji na temat sposobu, w jaki DoubleVerify przetwarza Dane osobowe zebrane na naszych publicznie dostępnych stronach internetowych, należy zapoznać się z
Powiadomieniem o ochronie prywatności w odniesieniu do stron internetowych i działań marketingowych
.
W przypadku korzystania z Rozwiązań DoubleVerify i chęci uzyskania dodatkowych informacji na temat przetwarzania Danych osobowych przez DoubleVerify za pośrednictwem jej narzędzi do raportowania, należy zapoznać się z naszą
Powiadomieniem o ochronie prywatności w odniesieniu do narzędzi do raportowania
.
Szybkie łącza
Zalecamy przeczytanie niniejszego Powiadomienia w całości w celu uzyskania pełnych informacji. Aby ułatwić użytkownikom znalezienie i zapoznanie się z określonymi częściami niniejszego Powiadomienia, podzieliliśmy je na następujące sekcje:
Kim jest DoubleVerify?
Jaka jest nasza rola, cele i podstawa prawna Przetwarzania?
Jakie dane gromadzimy i w jakich celach?
Jak wykorzystujemy zgromadzone dane?
Jak i komu ujawniamy dane?
Jak długo przechowujemy Dane osobowe?
Jak zabezpieczamy Dane osobowe?
W jaki sposób Dane osobowe są przekazywane za granicę?
Jakie prawa przysługują uczestnikom?
Dodatkowe ujawnienia
Czy DoubleVerify wykorzystuje sztuczną inteligencję?
Prawo właściwe
Czy aktualizujemy niniejsze Powiadomienie?
Jak można się skontaktować z DoubleVerify?
1. Kim jest DoubleVerify?
Akredytowane platformy DoubleVerify umożliwiają niezależny pomiar mediów cyfrowych, badanie i analitykę danych w zakresie skuteczności wyświetleń reklam i ruchu w sieci. Naszym celem jest wspieranie reklamodawców, agencji i sprzedawców narzędzi reklamowych (łącznie „
Klienci
”) w obszarze potwierdzania prawidłowych parametrów realizacji, w tym odnośnie do bezpieczeństwa marki, wskaźników widoczności, parametrów kontekstowych i środowiskowych (np. na witrynie internetowej, na której pojawia się reklama oraz w konkretnym miejscu, w którym pojawia się ona na witrynie), wyświetleń reklam i charakterystyki jakości ruchu w sieci. Dostarczamy także informacje umożliwiające Klientom podejmowanie przemyślanych decyzji dotyczących prawidłowego pozycjonowania marek i treści kreatywnych.
Dokładamy wszelkich starań na rzecz odpowiedniej ochrony prywatności osób fizycznych, których dane przetwarzamy (niezależnie od pełnionej przez nas funkcji). Naszym zdaniem prywatność jest jednym z praw podstawowych, a nie czymś, co podlega zabezpieczeniom w zależności od tego, gdzie ktoś mieszka. Stosując tę zasadę w praktyce, traktujemy wszelkie dane odnoszące się do zidentyfikowanej lub możliwej do zidentyfikowania osoby jako „dane osobowe”, niezależnie od lokalizacji tejże osoby. Jeśli chodzi o Rozwiązania, DoubleVerify ogranicza gromadzone informacje do takich, które nie pozwalają na identyfikację konkretnego człowieka bez dodatkowych szczegółów. Przykładowo, DoubleVerify przetwarza adres protokołu internetowego (ang. Internet Protocol, IP) użytkownika końcowego, czyli numer automatycznie przypisywany do komputera w trakcie korzystania z internetu. Chociaż DoubleVerify traktuje takie informacje jak Dane osobowe, zgodnie z najlepszymi praktykami i obowiązującymi przepisami prawa. DoubleVerify nigdy nie łączy takich informacji z innymi danymi, które umożliwiłyby nam identyfikację osoby, której dotyczą.
Niniejsze Powiadomienie służy poinformowaniu osób, których dane mogą być przetwarzane w związku z naszymi Rozwiązaniami, („
Użytkownicy końcowi
” lub „
Użytkownik końcowy
), o następujących kwestiach: (1) rodzaje informacji gromadzonych przez DoubleVerify na temat Użytkownika końcowego lub jego urządzenia, gdy analizowana przez nas reklama dostarczana jest Użytkownikowi końcowemu na przeglądanej witrynie internetowej lub za pośrednictwem wykorzystywanej aplikacji, (2) nasze praktyki w zakresie prywatności; jak wykorzystujemy, udostępniamy i przetwarzamy informacje uznawane za dane osobowe oraz (3) prawa Użytkownika końcowego w dziedzinie ochrony danych osobowych. W Powiadomieniu wyjaśniono również, czym są dane nieosobowe
(„dane techniczne”
), które gromadzimy odnośnie do śledzonych reklam oraz jak je wykorzystujemy w naszych Rozwiązaniach.
2. Jaka jest nasza rola, cele i podstawa prawna Przetwarzania?
Rozwiązania DoubleVerify w zakresie identyfikacji i eliminacji oszustw
(„Eliminacja oszustw”
) i weryfikacji zgodności geograficznej
(„Geoweryfikacja”
) wymagają przetwarzania Danych osobowych. Z wyjątkiem ograniczonych przypadków opisanych poniżej, w odniesieniu do przepisów prawa i regulacji, takich jak ogólne rozporządzenie o ochronie danych osobowych („
RODO
”), DoubleVerify realizuje działania związane z Eliminacją oszustw w charakterze administratora i oraz działania związane z Geoweryfikacją w charakterze podmiotu przetwarzającego. W odniesieniu do postanowień Kalifornijskiej ustawy o ochronie prywatności konsumentów (California Consumer Privacy Act, „
CCPA
”) i innych ram regulacyjnych stanu USA oznaczenie pełnionej przez nas roli może się różnić w zależności od konkretnej relacji z każdym Klientem. Ponieważ przetwarzane przez nas Dane osobowe są gromadzone przy użyciu naszej technologii i udostępniane nam przez naszych Klientów, zasadniczo działamy w charakterze wykonawcy w rozumieniu ustawy CCPA lub podmiotu przetwarzającego w rozumieniu innych amerykańskich przepisów stanowych i ram regulacyjnych.  Niezależnie od powyższego, w niektórych przypadkach, gdy Dane osobowe są udostępniane DoubleVerify za pośrednictwem specjalnie zaprojektowanych integracji i innych niestandardowych środków, na przykład gdy takie Dane osobowe są gromadzone i przekazywane przez Klienta celem umożliwienia DoubleVerify przeprowadzenia analiz, możemy być każdorazowo uznawani za podmiot przetwarzający lub dostawcę usług na mocy CCPA.  Taka sytuacja najczęściej ma miejsce w naszych partnerstwach z Klientami z mediów społecznościowych i innymi Klientami, którzy obsługują własne środowiska, często określane mianem środowisk typu „walled garden”.
Z wyjątkiem Eliminacji oszustw, w tym w zakresie wymaganym do zakwalifikowania wyświetleń zgodnie ze standardowymi praktykami branżowymi (np. wytycznymi Media Ratings Council) oraz Geoweryfikacji, inne Rozwiązania DoubleVerify (takie jak narzędzia do oceny widoczności, bezpieczeństwa marki i odpowiedniości) zasadniczo nie wymagają przetwarzania Danych osobowych. Istnieją jednak okoliczności, takie jak przypadki, w których możemy dostarczać takie Rozwiązania Klientom, którzy obsługują środowiska typu „walled garden”, w których tacy Klienci, pełniąc rolę administratorów, mogą wymagać od DoubleVerify przetwarzania dodatkowych Danych osobowych Użytkowników końcowych lub osób, które tworzą konta i generują treści w środowisku takich Klientów. W każdym takim przypadku określenie, jakie Dane osobowe są przetwarzane, spoczywa na Klientach pełniących rolę administratorów, którzy to Klienci ustalają także, według własnego wyłącznego uznania, podstawę prawną przetwarzania takich Danych osobowych. Aby uzyskać więcej informacji na temat praktyk ochrony prywatności stosowanych przez takich Klientów, przetwarzanych Danych osobowych oraz stosownej podstawy prawnej takiego przetwarzania, należy zapoznać się z odpowiednim i mającym zastosowanie w danym przypadku powiadomieniem o ochronie prywatności danego Klienta lub opublikowanymi przez niego oświadczeniami. Jeśli Użytkownik zwróci się do DoubleVerify z pytaniami o takie programy, możemy podać mu podstawowe informacje na temat pracy, którą świadczymy na rzecz takich Klientów, ale zalecamy skontaktowanie się z danym Klientem lub zapoznanie się z dokumentacją dotyczącą prywatności, którą taki Klient udostępnia w swoich materiałach.
W odniesieniu do przepisów prawa, takich jak RODO, podstawą prawną przetwarzania Danych osobowych przez DoubleVerify przy wykorzystaniu Rozwiązań jest uzasadniony interes: (i) naszych Klientów, którzy dążą do uniknięcia oszustw związanych z reklamami, i pragną przedstawiać Użytkownikom końcowym informacje zgodne z prawem i lokalizacją geograficzną, (ii) Użytkowników końcowych, którzy otrzymują wiarygodne i prawidłowe pod względem geograficznym informacje oraz (iii) (iii) ogółu społeczeństwa, które potrzebuje ciągłej dostępności wolnego internetu.
DoubleVerify uczestniczy w programie Ram przejrzystości i zgody IAB (TCF wer. 2.2 – numer identyfikacyjny dostawcy 126) i opiera się na uzasadnionym interesie jako podstawie do gromadzenia danych w następujących celach:
Zapewnienie bezpieczeństwa, zapobieganie oszustwom i ich wykrywanie oraz naprawianie błędów (Cel specjalny 1)
Dostarczanie i prezentowanie reklam oraz treści (Cel specjalny 2)
Zapisywanie i przekazywanie wyborów dotyczących prywatności (Cel specjalny 3)
Pomiar wydajności reklam (Cel 7)
Rozwój i ulepszanie usług (Cel 10)
W ograniczonych przypadkach podmiot odpowiedzialny za Ramy przejrzystości i zgody IAB Europe na terenie, na którym działają Rozwiązania DoubleVerify, może uzależnić Geoweryfikację od wyrażenia zgody. W tych bardzo ograniczonych przypadkach zgoda miałaby zastosowanie do:
Wykorzystywania ograniczonych danych na potrzeby wyboru reklam (Cel 2)
Pomiaru wydajności reklam (Cel 7)
Rozwoju i ulepszania usług (Cel 10)
3. Jakie dane gromadzimy i w jakich celach?
DoubleVerify – w związku z realizacją celów biznesowych polegających na dostarczaniu, utrzymywaniu i ulepszaniu Rozwiązań – gromadzi i wykorzystuje określone kategorie danych osobowych i danych technicznych. Poniżej nakreślono kategorie danych osobowych i danych technicznych przetwarzanych z wykorzystaniem Rozwiązań DoubleVerify. W zakresie, w jakim dane osobowe są wymagane do prawidłowego działania co najmniej jednej funkcji Rozwiązania DoubleVerify, dane te wykorzystuje się wyłącznie w konkretnym celu podanym niżej, o ile prawo nie stanowi inaczej. Ponadto w niektórych przypadkach konieczne może okazać się przetwarzanie danych osobowych w połączeniu z pewnymi danymi technicznymi – gdy jest to warunek prawidłowego działania Rozwiązań DoubleVerify. W takiej sytuacji połączone dane uznaje się za dane osobowe, które podlegają stosownej ochronie. Nigdy nie łączymy, nie analizujemy ani nie wzbogacamy przetwarzanych danych osobowych czy danych technicznych dodatkowymi informacjami z myślą o identyfikacji Użytkownika końcowego. Nigdy nie śledzimy Użytkownika końcowego ani jego aktywności on-line w aplikacjach i na witrynach internetowych (ani w ujęciu krótkoterminowym, ani długoterminowym). Poza tym nie korzystamy z technologii trwałego monitorowania typu zewnętrzne pliki cookie. Nie tworzymy profili ani grup odbiorców z myślą o dotarciu do konkretnej osoby.
Kategorie danych technicznych gromadzonych i wykorzystywanych do zasilania Rozwiązań DoubleVerify:
Atrybuty kampanii reklamowej – identyfikator reklamodawcy, który dostarcza reklamę i kampanię, identyfikatory pozycjonowania, identyfikatory centrum medialnego, które sprzedaje narzędzia reklamodawcy lub platformie pośredniczącej. Są to elementy gromadzone i przetwarzane w celu identyfikacji Klientów, których obsługujemy, stosowania prawidłowych ustawień dla Klienta, segmentacji raportów Klienta zgodnie z identyfikatorami oraz wystawiania Klientowi faktur.
Atrybuty treści internetowych – adres sieciowy (URL) strony/ramy, na którą dostarczana jest reklama, oraz adresy innych powiązanych stron/ram to elementy gromadzone w dbałości o to, aby reklamy były dostarczane we właściwym kontekście wskazanym przez Klienta w ustawieniach profilu w naszym systemie.
Atrybuty aplikacji mobilnej – nazwa aplikacji mobilnej, identyfikator aplikacji mobilnej, sklep z aplikacjami, programista aplikacji, ocena gwiazdkowa aplikacji, ocena wiekowa aplikacji oraz inne publicznie dostępne informacje na temat aplikacji mobilnej, do której dostarczana jest reklama. Informacje te są wykorzystywane w celu zapewnienia, że reklamy są dostarczane we właściwym kontekście wskazanym przez Klienta w ustawieniach profilu w naszym systemie.
Atrybuty środowiska cyfrowego – typ podłączonego urządzenia, na które jest dostarczana reklama: urządzenie mobilne, komputer stacjonarny, telewizor z dostępem do sieci lub inne urządzenie, typ i wersja przeglądarki używane do wyświetlania strony, na której pojawia się reklama, oraz system operacyjny. Są to elementy gromadzone w celu określenia, jaka wersja naszego kodu będzie prawidłowo działać w danym środowisku, jak również z myślą o prawidłowym pomiarze widoczności reklamy na ekranie zgodnie z normami branżowymi (różnymi w różnych środowiskach).
Atrybuty widoczności – lokalizacja reklamy na stronie, rozmiar reklamy, rozmiar ekranu, rozmiar okna roboczego, stan fokusu zakładki, stan fokusu przeglądarki, czas trwania reklamy w widocznej części witryny internetowej oraz pozycja przewijania strony internetowej. Są to elementy gromadzone w celu określenia i raportowania Klientom, czyi reklama miała szansę być widoczną na ekranie.
Atrybuty ekspozycji i zaangażowania – dane, które pokazują, czy reklama została kliknięta, przeciągnięta, naciśnięta lub dotknięta, czy dokonano zmiany jej rozmiaru, czy została pominięta, wyciszona, czy zastosowano wobec niej pauzę, czy poddano ją rotacji, czy najechano na nią kursorem lub zmieniono w niej siłę głosu. Są to elementy gromadzone z myślą o pomocy Klientom w pomiarze wydajności reklamy, kampanii reklamowej lub aktywów medialnych.
Kategorie danych gromadzonych i wykorzystywanych do Eliminacji oszustw:
Spseudonimizowane elektroniczne identyfikatory obecności i urządzeń – tj. adres IP, ciąg agentów użytkownika lub pochodne tych dwóch wartości. Są to elementy wykorzystywane do oceny, czy obecność on-line lub urządzenie mają jakiś związek z przestępstwem lub oszustwem.
Kategorie danych gromadzonych i wykorzystywanych Geoweryfikacji:
Pseudonimizowane elektroniczne identyfikatory obecności i urządzeń – adres IP. Są to elementy gromadzone w celu określenia powiązanej lokalizacji geograficznej.. Każdy adres IP jest powiązany z krajem. Na terenie Stanów Zjednoczonych może być też powiązany z bardziej szczegółowymi informacjami, nawet z kodem pocztowym. Dokładne dane geolokalizacyjne Użytkownika nigdy nie są gromadzone.
W ograniczonych okolicznościach niektórzy Klienci, na przykład Klienci działający w środowiskach typu „walled garden”, mogą wymagać od DoubleVerify przetwarzania dodatkowych Danych osobowych w celu umożliwienia działania jej Rozwiązań. Takie dodatkowe Dane osobowe mogą dotyczyć Użytkowników końcowych, osób, które tworzą konta w takich środowiskach typu „walled garden” lub osób, które tworzą treści publikowane w takich środowiskach. W zakresie, w jakim spółka DoubleVerify będzie zobowiązana przez jednego ze swoich Klientów obsługujących środowisko typu „walled garden” do przetwarzania dodatkowych Danych osobowych w celu umożliwienia działania określonych Rozwiązań, spółka DoubleVerify będzie przetwarzać takie Dane osobowe wyłącznie w celu realizacji swoich zobowiązań wobec Klienta i przy zachowaniu ścisłej zgodności z instrukcjami takiego Klienta w zakresie wymaganym do prowadzenia, utrzymywania i — w stosownych przypadkach — ulepszania Rozwiązań. Współpracujemy z tymi Klientami zachowując najwyższą staranność, aby zapewnić, że przetwarzane Dane osobowe są ograniczone wyłącznie do Danych osobowych niezbędnych do osiągnięcia wspomnianych celów. W ograniczonych okolicznościach nasza interakcja z „walled garden” może skutkować przypadkowym otrzymaniem Danych osobowych. DoubleVerify dokłada wszelkich starań, aby monitorować takie przypadki w celu zapewnienia, że takie Dane osobowe nie są przetwarzane poza odbiorem, z wyjątkiem ich bezpiecznego usunięcia z naszych systemów. Ponieważ w takich sytuacjach określone kategorie Danych osobowych zależą od niestandardowej integracji i decyzji Klienta oraz różnią się w zależności od Klienta, w przypadku dalszych pytań zalecamy skontaktowanie się z danym Klientem lub zapoznanie się z dokumentacją dotyczącą prywatności, którą taki Klient udostępnia w swoich aktywach i materiałach.
Rozwiązania nie mają na celu przetwarzania danych osobowych dzieci. Nie gromadzimy świadomie Danych osobowych dzieci, zgodnie z definicją tego terminu określoną w stosownych przepisach prawa. W przypadku, gdy Użytkownik jest rodzicem lub opiekunem i uważa, że dane osobowe jego dziecka mogły zostać przetworzone w ramach Rozwiązań, prosimy o kontakt. Informacje kontaktowe podano w punkcie 13 „
Kontakt z DoubleVerify
” (zob. niżej). Zapewniamy, że podejmiemy stosowne kroki ukierunkowane na bezpieczne usunięcia tych informacji z naszych systemów.
4. Jak wykorzystujemy zgromadzone dane?
Firma DoubleVerify wykorzystuje jedynie dane techniczne i dane osobowe pozyskane w celach, o których mowa w punkcie 3 „
Jakie dane gromadzimy i w jakich celach?”
niniejszego Powiadomienia. Ogólnie rzecz biorąc, dane techniczne i dane osobowe Użytkownika przetwarza się w celu opracowywania raportów, tablic wskaźników, informacji zwrotnych i wskazówek
(„Raporty
”) dla Klientów. Wszelkie Raporty DV, bez względu na format, poddaje się anonimizacji i agregacji. W zakresie, w jakim wymagane są informacje na temat poziomu wyświetleń, każde wyświetlenie jest procesowi usuwania danych, co daje gwarancje, że dane osobowe Użytkownika końcowego nigdy nie są przekazywane Klientom. Niezależnie od powyższego, rozwiązania w zakresie raportowania dla Klientów działających w środowiskach typu „walled garden” (na przykład firmy działające w mediach społecznościowych) i innych Klientów, którzy polegają na takich rozwiązaniach (na przykład firmy reklamujące się w mediach społecznościowych) może obejmować informacje dotyczące osób tworzących konta w takich środowiskach typu „walled garden” lub osób tworzących treści w nich publikowane. W niniejszym punkcie znajdują się dodatkowe informacje na temat sposobu przetwarzania danych technicznych i danych osobowych Użytkownika w celu realizacji założeń biznesowych określonych w punkcie 3 niniejszego Powiadomienia.
DoubleVerify wykorzystuje dane techniczne pozyskiwane przy pomocy Rozwiązań – zgodnie z opisem w punkcie 3.1 – w następujący sposób:
do analizy i raportowania kontekstu, w którym wyświetlane są reklamy, z uwzględnieniem ich jakości, autentyczności i wydajności. W szczególności chodzi tu o wykazanie, czy wyświetlana reklama jest zgodna z ustalonym stanem prawnym obowiązującym Klienta i jego wymogami w zakresie pozycjonowania, a także o ustawienia preferencji wskazanych przez Klienta w naszym systemie.
do przekazywania wskazówek i wstępnych decyzji w zakresie możliwości wyświetleń. Technologia DoubleVerify analizuje charakterystykę danych możliwości wyświetlenia i określa, czy reklama Klienta powinna być pokazywana – np. poprzez stwierdzenie, że otaczająca treść nie jest zgodna z marką i preferencjami Klienta.
DoubleVerify, w związku z Eliminacją oszustw, wykorzystuje dane techniczne i dane osobowe zgromadzone przy pomocy Rozwiązań zgodnie z postanowieniami punktów 3.1 i 3.2, do:
analizy i identyfikacji określonych wyświetleń reklam, które są niezgodne z prawem, gdyż zostały wygenerowane przez przeglądarki kontrolowane przez boty, a nie ludzi;
oceny i identyfikacji nieprawidłowego ruchu – np. ruchu generowanego przez iniektory reklam, ruchu generowanego w centrach danych, ruchu przedstawionego w sposób nieprawdziwy, ruchu emulowanego oraz innych rodzajów nieprawidłowego ruchu;
analizy i identyfikacji witryn internetowych, aplikacji mobilnych i połączonych urządzeń oraz aktywów medialnych, które charakteryzują się niezgodnym z prawem ruchem i/lub generują nieprawidłowe wyświetlenia reklam;
identyfikacji wzorców ruchu na witrynach internetowych uczestniczących w niezgodnych z prawem działaniach reklamowych;
rozróżniania ruchu generowanego przez przeglądarki kontrolowane przez boty i te kontrolowane przez ludzi;
określenia, czy analizowane reklamy są zgodne z obowiązującymi wymogami prawnymi i preferencjami określonymi przez Klientów;
ustalenia, czy pośrednia warstwa oprogramowania próbuje nieprawdziwie przedstawić cechy operacyjne celem uniemożliwienia wykrycia nadużyć lub innego nieprawidłowego ruchu;
ustalenia, czy ruch na witrynie lub wyświetlenia reklam pochodzą z farmy serwerów, a nie są generowane na bazie przeglądania treści przez człowieka;
ustalenia, czy ruch powstaje w związku z nieuczciwymi praktykami lub innymi działaniami na polu pozyskiwania ruchu, które nie są zgodne z wytycznymi lub preferencjami Klienta;
tworzenia rejestrów adresów IP i ciągów agentów użytkowników powiązanych z bezprawnymi działaniami i ruchem generowanym nie przez ludzi („tabele nadużyć”). Ponieważ punkty danych tego rodzaju są powiązane z interakcjami nieprowadzonymi przez człowieka, nie stanowią danych osobowych.
DoubleVerify, w związku z Geoweryfikacją, wykorzystuje dane techniczne i dane osobowe zgromadzone przy pomocy Rozwiązań zgodnie z postanowieniami punktu 3.3 do:
oceny na wysokim poziomie (kraju, stanu, regionu lub – w przypadku mieszkańców USA – kodu pocztowego) lokalizacji geograficznej Użytkownika końcowego i sprawdzenie, czy powinien być on objęty kampanią Klienta lub ustawieniami ruchu sieciowego.
W zakresie, w jakim spółka DoubleVerify będzie zobowiązana przez jednego ze swoich Klientów obsługujących środowisko typu „walled garden” do przetwarzania dodatkowych Danych osobowych w celu umożliwienia działania określonych Rozwiązań, spółka DoubleVerify będzie przetwarzać takie Dane osobowe wyłącznie w celu realizacji swoich zobowiązań wobec Klienta i przy zachowaniu ścisłej zgodności z instrukcjami takiego Klienta w zakresie wymaganym do prowadzenia, utrzymywania i — w stosownych przypadkach — ulepszania Rozwiązań. W razie jakichkolwiek pytań zalecamy skontaktowanie się z danym Klientem lub zapoznanie się z dokumentacją dotyczącą prywatności, którą taki Klient udostępnia w swoich aktywach i materiałach.
5. Jak i komu ujawniamy dane?
DoubleVerify nie ujawnia danych osobowych stronom trzecim, z wyjątkiem sytuacji, w których jest to potrzebne do realizacji celów biznesowych związanych z obsługiwaniem, utrzymaniem i usprawnianiem Rozwiązań. W przypadkach, w których dobrowolnie udostępniamy jakiekolwiek dane osobowe, dbamy o to, aby były one właściwie zabezpieczone – w sposób zgodny z naszymi własnymi politykami i standardami.
Podmioty, którym możemy udostępniać dane osobowe Użytkownika:
Usługodawcy – firmy, którym zlecamy świadczenie usług w zakresie zarządzania informatyką i systemami, utrzymywania infrastruktury i prowadzenia hostingu, badań i analiz, wsparcia i kontroli jakości, bezpieczeństwa, itd. w celach związanych z podstawą prawną, o której mowa powyżej. Użytkownik może złożyć wniosek o otrzymanie wykazu naszych Usługodawców, opisu informacji, które otrzymują i w jakim celu. Wystarczy się z nami skontaktować. Dane kontaktowe podano w punkcie 13 „
Kontakt się z
DoubleVerify” niniejszego Powiadomienia.
Podmioty stowarzyszone – np. spółka macierzysta, spółki siostrzane, spółki zależne, spółki z kapitałem mieszanym i inne firmy znajdujące się pod wspólną kontrolą – w zakresie wymaganym do obsługi, utrzymywania i ulepszania Rozwiązań. Użytkownik może złożyć wniosek o otrzymanie wykazu naszych podmiotów stowarzyszonych, opisu informacji, które otrzymują i w jakim celu. Wystarczy się z nami skontaktować. Dane kontaktowe podano w punkcie 13 „
Kontakt się z
DoubleVerify” niniejszego Powiadomienia.
Podmioty zewnętrzne angażowane przez Klientów – mając na względzie pomoc Klientom, zastrzegamy sobie prawo do integrowania Rozwiązań z innymi narzędziami i usługami wykorzystywanymi przez Klientów w celu świadczenia lepszych usług i tworzenia raportów. Nigdy nie otrzymujemy bazujących na tej integracji danych, które pozwalałyby nam wzbogacać posiadane informacje i identyfikować Użytkowników końcowych. W wyjątkowych przypadkach możemy udostępniać informacje o poziomie wyświetleń firmom angażowanym przez naszych Klientów w związku z prowadzeniem badań dotyczących skuteczności działań marketingowych. W ograniczonych okolicznościach nasi Klienci mogą zlecić nam udostępnienie określonych Danych osobowych wymaganych w celu umożliwienia funkcjonalności produktów albo usług, którymi DoubleVerify nie zarządza.
Podmioty zewnętrzne uczestniczące w transakcji korporacyjnej – gdyby doszło do przejęcia lub połączenia DoubleVerify z inną spółką, tudzież w przypadku reorganizacji, rozwiązania lub innych zasadniczych zmian w strukturze korporacyjnej przedsiębiorstwa.
Możemy być prawnie zobowiązani do ujawnienia danych osobowych Użytkownika końcowego:
(a) na uzasadniony wniosek organu państwowego, sądu, organów ścigania lub agencji regulacyjnej – np. w związku z prowadzonym postępowaniem wyjaśniającym, wezwaniem do stawiennictwa, procesem sądowym;
(b) w świetle wymogów prawa, regulacji lub obowiązującej zasady oraz
(c) jeżeli uznamy, w dobrej wierze, że ujawnienie danych osobowych Użytkownika końcowego jest niezbędne do ochrony lub obrony naszych praw lub praw innych osób, do pomocy w dochodzeniu lub do zapobieżenia nielegalnej działalności.
Tabele nadużyć, inne raporty związane z Eliminacją oszustw, strumienie danych, API i zestawienia wskaźników, które nie zawierają danych osobowych, mogą być udostępniane Klientom i innym stronom trzecim, w tym organizacjom branżowym, w zakresie niezbędnym do realizacji przez firmę DoubleVerify celów biznesowych związanych z dostarczaniem, utrzymywaniem i ulepszaniem działalności w obszarze Eliminacji oszustw oraz zwalczeniem nadużyć.
Nie udostępniamy danych osobowych Użytkowników końcowym naszym Klientom. Wszelkie raporty i analizy udostępniane Klientom na naszym Portalu raportowania są anonimowe, czyli nie zawierają danych osobowych. Są to zwykle raporty agregowane, a w wyjątkowych przypadkach przekazujemy sprawozdania określające poziom wyświetleń, korzystając z punktów końcowych FTP lub API (pod warunkiem, że raporty te nie zawierają danych osobowych). Możemy udostępniać dane techniczne,- w formie poddanej anonimizacji i agregacji lub w formie nieprzetworzonej – stronom trzecim, jeśli uznamy to za konieczne ze względu na realizację naszych celów biznesowych związanych z dostarczaniem, utrzymywaniem i ulepszaniem Rozwiązań. Możemy też udostępniać anonimowe lub pozbawione elementów identyfikacyjnych dane w formie zagregowanej w normalnym toku działalności biznesowej – na przykład w celu publikowania analiz konkretnych przypadków czy raportów, celem wykazania trendów dotyczących zalet i wydajności naszych Rozwiązań.
W celu uniknięcia wątpliwości, DoubleVerify nie ujawnia Danych osobowych podmiotom działającym jako „firma” lub „strona trzecia” na mocy przepisów takich jak ustawa CCPA.
6. Jak długo przechowujemy Dane osobowe?
DoubleVerify przechowuje dane osobowe przetwarzane przy pomocy Rozwiązań nie dłużej, niż jest to konieczne do wykonania celów określonych w niniejszym Powiadomieniu, maksymalnie przez czterdzieści pięć (45) dni. Po upływie tego okresu dane osobowe są bezpiecznie usuwane z systemów DoubleVerify.
Tabele nadużyć mogą być przechowywane bezterminowo celem zapewnienia prawidłowego działania Rozwiązania „Eliminacja oszustw”.
Dane techniczne – ze względu na ich anonimowy charakter – mogą być przechowywane bezterminowo lub tak długo, jak zostało to przewidziane w politykach firmy bądź jest dozwolone na mocy obowiązującego prawa i umów DoubleVerify z Klientami.
7. Jak zabezpieczamy Dane osobowe?
Firma DoubleVerify wdrożyła odpowiednie techniczne, fizyczne i organizacyjne środki mające na celu ochronę danych osobowych przed przypadkowym lub bezprawnym zniszczeniem, przypadkową utratą, uszkodzeniem, zmianą, nieupoważnionym ujawnieniem lub dostępem, a także przed innymi formami niezgodnego z prawem przetwarzania. Chociaż przestrzegamy ogólnie przyjętych norm i najlepszych praktyk w zakresie ochrony danych osobowych, żadna metoda ich przechowywania czy przesyłania nie jest w 100% bezpieczna. Nieustannie pracujemy nad poprawą zabezpieczeń i zapewnieniem bezpieczeństwa danych osobowych.
8. W jaki sposób Dane osobowe są przekazywane za granicę?
Należy pamiętać, że gromadzone przez nas dane osobowe mogą być przekazywane i przechowywane na serwerach lub w bazach danych znajdujących się poza stanem, prowincją, krajem lub obszarem administracyjnym Użytkownika końcowego. Dane osobowe Użytkowników końcowych mogą być przesyłane za pośrednictwem lokalnego tymczasowego centrum danych w celu zapewnienia wydajności i elastyczności Rozwiązań, ale DoubleVerify ostatecznie przechowuje wszelkie dane osobowe zgromadzone przy pomocy Rozwiązań w Stanach Zjednoczonych. Jako firma globalna posiadamy biura w Stanach Zjednoczonych, Wielkiej Brytanii, Francji, Belgii, Finlandii, Niemczech, Izraelu, Kanadzie, Meksyku, Brazylii, Japonii, Indiach, Singapurze i Australii. Nasi pracownicy w tych lokalizacjach mogą być zobowiązani do uzyskiwania dostępu do danych osobowych Użytkownika końcowego w związku z obsługą Rozwiązań. Poziom zabezpieczeń danych stosowany w niektórych z tych lokalizacji – np. w USA – może być niższy od poziomu obowiązującego w Unii Europejskiej czy na innych obszarach administracyjnych wdrażających surowe przepisy i regulacje w dziedzinie ochrony prywatności.
Podejmujemy działania w dbałości o to, aby dane osobowe Użytkowników końcowych były przechowywane w bezpieczny sposób wedle wymogów prawnych w dziedzinie prywatności i bezpieczeństwa danych, stosowanych przez firmy z Unii Europejskiej. Zapewniamy, że pozostali odbiorcy danych osobowych Użytkowników końcowych również stosują odpowiedni poziom ochrony i bezpieczeństwa – na przykład na podstawie odpowiednich umów wzajemnych oraz, w razie potrzeby, standardowych klauzul umownych, tudzież alternatywnego mechanizmu przekazywania danych, zatwierdzonego przez Komisję Europejską lub inny stosownie umocowany organ regulacyjny. Praktyki DoubleVerify w zakresie ochrony prywatności, opisane w niniejszym Powiadomieniu, są zgodne systemem zasad prywatności transgranicznej ochrony danych (ang. Cross Border Privacy Rules, CBPR) oraz systemem poszanowania prywatności danych przez podmioty przetwarzające (ang. Privacy Recognition for Processors, PRP) obowiązującym w APEC. Systemy CBPR i PRP określają strukturę ramową pozwalającą organizacjom chronić dane osobowe przekazywane w obrębie krajów należących do APEC. Więcej informacji na temat ram określonych przez APEC można znaleźć
tutaj
. Wszelkie pytania dotyczące miejsc, w których przechowujemy dane osobowe Użytkowników końcowych, można zadawać, kontaktując się z nami w sposób określony w punkcie w punkcie 13 “
Kontakt z DoubleVerify
” niniejszego Powiadomienia.
Ponadto DoubleVerify Inc. i jej spółki zależne Outrigger Media, Inc. d/b/a OpenSlate, Scibids Technology Inc., Zentrick Inc. („DoubleVerify”) przestrzegają Ram ochrony prywatności danych UE-USA (EU-U.S. DPF), Brytyjskiego rozszerzenia ram ochrony prywatności danych UE-USA (UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF) oraz Szwajcarsko-amerykańskich ram ochrony prywatności danych (Swiss-U.S. DPF) określonych przez Departament Handlu Stanów Zjednoczonych. DoubleVerify poświadczyła Departamentowi Handlu Stanów Zjednoczonych, że przestrzega Zasad ram prywatności danych UE-USA (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) w odniesieniu do przetwarzania danych osobowych otrzymanych z Unii Europejskiej w oparciu o Ramy ochrony prywatności UE-USA oraz danych osobowych otrzymanych ze Zjednoczonego Królestwa (i Gibraltaru) w oparciu o Brytyjskie rozszerzenie ram ochrony prywatności UE-USA. DoubleVerify poświadczyła Departamentowi Handlu Stanów Zjednoczonych, że przestrzega Zasad szwajcarsko-amerykańskich ram ochrony prywatności danych (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) w odniesieniu do przetwarzania danych osobowych otrzymanych ze Szwajcarii w oparciu o szwajcarsko-amerykańskie ramy ochrony prywatności danych (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles).  W przypadku sprzeczności między warunkami niniejszej polityki prywatności a Zasadami ram ochrony prywatności danych UE-USA i/lub Zasadami szwajcarsko-amerykańskich ram ochrony prywatności danych, Zasady mają znaczenie rozstrzygające.  Aby dowiedzieć się więcej o programie Ram ochrony prywatności danych (DPF) i zapoznać się z naszą certyfikacją, należy odwiedzić stronę https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/.
DoubleVerify odpowiada za przetwarzanie danych osobowych, które otrzymuje na mocy RODO, a następnie przekazuje stronie trzeciej działającej jako pośrednik w jej imieniu.  DoubleVerify przestrzega Zasad ochrony prywatności danych we wszystkich przypadkach dalszego przekazywania danych osobowych z UE, Wielkiej Brytanii i Szwajcarii, w tym przepisów dotyczących odpowiedzialności za dalsze przekazywanie danych.
Federalna Komisja Handlu sprawuje jurysdykcję nad przestrzeganiem przez DoubleVerify Ram ochrony prywatności UE-USA, Brytyjskiego rozszerzenia ram ochrony prywatności UE-USA oraz Szwajcarsko-amerykańskich ram ochrony prywatności. W niektórych sytuacjach DoubleVerify może być zobowiązana do ujawnienia danych osobowych w odpowiedzi na zgodne z prawem żądania organów publicznych, w tym w celu spełnienia wymogów bezpieczeństwa narodowego lub egzekwowania prawa.
Zgodnie z Ramami ochrony prywatności danych UE-USA, Brytyjskim rozszerzeniem ram ochrony prywatności danych UE-USA i Szwajcarsko-amerykańskimi ramami ochrony prywatności danych DoubleVerify zobowiązuje się do kierowania nierozstrzygniętych skarg dotyczących przetwarzania przez nas Danych osobowych otrzymanych na podstawie Ram ochrony prywatności UE-USA, Brytyjskiego rozszerzenia ram ochrony prywatności UE-USA i Szwajcarsko-amerykańskich ram ochrony prywatności do TRUSTe, alternatywnego dostawcy usług rozstrzygania sporów z siedzibą w Stanach Zjednoczonych.  Jeśli Użytkownicy nie otrzymają od nas w odpowiednim czasie potwierdzenia złożenia skargi związanej z Zasadami ram ochrony prywatności danych lub jeśli nie rozpatrzyliśmy skargi związanej z Zasadami ram ochrony prywatności danych w sposób satysfakcjonujący, mogą odwiedzić stronę https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request, aby uzyskać więcej informacji lub złożyć skargę.  Te usługi rozwiązywania sporów są świadczone bezpłatnie.
W przypadku skarg dotyczących zgodności z Ramami ochrony prywatności danych, które nie zostały rozwiązane przez żaden z pozostałych mechanizmów Ram ochrony prywatności danych, Użytkownicy mają możliwość odwołania się do wiążącego arbitrażu po spełnieniu określonych warunków. Więcej informacji można znaleźć na oficjalnej stronie internetowej Ram ochrony prywatności danych.
9. Jakie prawa przysługują Użytkownikom?
Użytkownicy końcowi na niektórych obszarach administracyjnych mogą mieć prawa podmiotów danych umożliwiające składanie wniosków dotyczących danych osobowych. Na większości obszarów administracyjnych Użytkownikom końcowym przysługuje też prawo uzyskiwania informacji na temat gromadzenia, wykorzystywania, udostępniania i ujawniania danych osobowych (w tym celów ujawniania), które ich dotyczą. Niniejsze Powiadomienie o ochronie prywatności w zakresie Rozwiązań ma na celu spełnienie tych wymogów, ale w przypadku dodatkowych pytań lub wątpliwości w kwestii gromadzenia, wykorzystywania, przekazywania i ujawniania (w tym celów tych działań) danych osobowych prosimy o kontakt. Zob. punkt 13 „
Kontakt się z
DoubleVerify” poniżej.
Mieszkańcom Europejskiego Obszaru Gospodarczego, Wielkiej Brytanii, Szwajcarii lub Kalifornii przysługuje szereg praw wynikających z obowiązujących przepisów i regulacji dotyczących prywatności, takich jak RODO i ustawa CCPA. Aby z nich skorzystać, można wykorzystać
ten formularz
lub skontaktować się z nami w sposób opisany w poniższym punkcie 13 “
Kontakt z DoubleVerify
”. Zgodnie z określonymi przepisami i regulacjami, takimi jak CCPA, można również wyznaczyć upoważnionego przedstawiciela do złożenia wniosku lub skorzystania z danego prawa w imieniu Użytkownika końcowego. Zobowiązujemy się nie podejmować żadnych działań odwetowych ani dyskryminujących wobec osób, które zdecydują się skorzystać z przysługujących im praw.
A te prawa to:
Prawo dostępu do wszelkich danych osobowych, które przechowujemy na temat Użytkownika końcowego, w tym informacji o kategoriach danych i konkretnych danych osobowych.
Prawo do korekty wszelkich nieprawidłowych danych osobowych, które przechowujemy na temat Użytkownika końcowego. Uwaga: ze względu na charakter gromadzonych przez nas danych osobowych i sposób ich pozyskiwania jest bardzo mało prawdopodobne, że informacje te są nieprawidłowe lub spełniają przesłanki uzasadniające wprowadzenie korekt.
Prawo do żądania, aby firma DoubleVerify usunęła wszelkie dane osobowe Użytkownika końcowego, które posiada.
Prawo do żądania zawieszenia lub ograniczenia przetwarzania danych osobowych na pewien czas, na przykład w toku oceny, czy Użytkownik końcowy ma inne prawa, z których może korzystać.
W zakresie, w jakim dane osobowe Użytkownika końcowego są przetwarzane w oparciu o uzasadniony interes, Użytkownik końcowy ma prawo sprzeciwić się temu przetwarzaniu.
W zakresie, w jakim dane osobowe użytkowników są przetwarzane na podstawie ich zgody, użytkownicy mogą wycofać taką zgodę za pośrednictwem Ram przejrzystości i zgody IAB Europe.
W najszerszym możliwym zakresie realizujemy wszelkie żądania dotyczące Użytkownika końcowego, pod warunkiem że możemy przypisać daną osobę do danych znajdujących się w naszych systemach. Jednakże w pewnych okolicznościach możemy być zobowiązani do weryfikacji tożsamości Użytkownika końcowego w celu spełnienia takiego żądania. Aby zweryfikować tożsamość lub poznać zakres wniosku Użytkownika końcowego, możemy zwrócić się do niego z prośbą o dodatkowe informacje. Nie wymaga się utworzenia konta w naszych systemach w celu wysłania bądź rozpatrzenia wniosku. Konieczne będzie podanie adresu e-mail umożliwiającego komunikację z Użytkownikiem końcowym i rozpatrzenie jego wniosku. Użytkownik ten będzie musiał podać określone informacje, które pozwolą nam sprawdzić, że posiadamy jakiekolwiek dane, które go dotyczą. Proszę pamiętać, iż mogą wystąpić okoliczności, które uniemożliwią nam pozytywne rozpatrzenie wniosku Użytkownika końcowego. W takim przypadku zostanie on poinformowany o przyczynach tego stanu rzeczy. Użytkownik końcowy zostaje poinformowany o nieposiadaniu przez nas żadnych danych osobowych na jego temat. Dokładamy wszelkich starań, aby odpowiadać na zapytania i wnioski bez zbędnej zwłoki. Prosimy jednak o maksymalnie trzydzieści (30) dni na udzielenie odpowiedzi.
W zakresie, w jakim DoubleVerify pełni funkcję „podmiotu przetwarzającego”, „wykonawcy” lub „usługodawcy” zgodnie z definicją zawartą w obowiązującym prawie, konieczne może się okazać skierowanie stosownego wniosku do odpowiedniego Klienta, który pełni funkcję „administratora” lub „przedsiębiorstwa”.
10. Dodatkowe ujawnianie informacji
Niektóre przepisy i regulacje dotyczące prywatności, takie jak CCPA, wymagają od firm ujawnienia, czy sprzedają dane osobowe. DoubleVerify nie ujawnia danych osobowych w sposób, który stanowiłby „sprzedaż” lub „udostępnienie” w świetle przepisów stanów Kalifornia, Virginia i Nevada lub podobnych przepisów.
11. Czy DoubleVerify wykorzystuje sztuczną inteligencję?
DoubleVerify wykorzystuje sztuczną inteligencję („SI”) na różne sposoby w całej organizacji. Chociaż DoubleVerify korzysta z technologii sztucznej inteligencji, nie angażujemy się w „zautomatyzowane podejmowanie decyzji” zgodnie z obowiązującymi przepisami i regulacjami dotyczącymi prywatności.
12. Prawo właściwe
W zakresie stosownym i dozwolonym na mocy obowiązujących przepisów prawa i regulacji niniejsze Powiadomienie podlega przepisom wewnętrznym stanu Delaware i zgodnie z nimi winno być interpretowane. Wszelkie spory mają być rozpatrywane w tymże stanie.
13. Czy aktualizujemy niniejsze Powiadomienie?
Niniejsze Powiadomienie podlega okresowym aktualizacjom ze względu na potrzebę uwzględniania zmian w naszych Rozwiązaniach, praktykach, politykach oraz innych modyfikacji zewnętrznych i wewnętrznych, jak również ze względu na konieczność zachowania zgodności z nowymi przepisami. Wszelkie zmiany są publikowane zaraz po wejściu w życie. W przypadku wprowadzenia aktualizacji zmieniamy „datę wejścia w życie” na początku niniejszego dokumentu, aby ułatwić Użytkownikowi końcowemu poznanie daty wprowadzenia zmian. Użytkowników końcowych pragnących być na bieżąco z aktualizacjami zachęcamy do regularnego przeglądania niniejszego Powiadomienia.  Uwaga: tłumaczenia niniejszego Powiadomienia mają wyłącznie ułatwiać dostęp do informacji. Wersja angielska jest jedyną oficjalną wersją Powiadomienia, zaś ewentualne nieścisłości lub rozbieżności w tłumaczeniu nie są wiążące i nie mają skutków prawnych dla celów zgodności z przepisami lub egzekwowania prawa.
14. Jak można się skontaktować z DoubleVerify?
Osoby, którym nasuwają się pytania, komentarze lub wątpliwości odnośnie do niniejszego Powiadomienia oraz osoby, które uważają, że dotyczące ich dane osobowe zostały wykorzystane w sposób niezgodny z zapisami Powiadomienia, zapraszamy do kontaktu z Działem Prywatności:
Informacje kontaktowe specjalisty ds. prywatności / inspektora ochrony danych (zespół ds. prywatności)
DoubleVerify Inc.
462 Broadway
New York, NY 10013
privacy-policy@doubleverify.com
Osoby, które uważają, że sprawa związana z ochroną lub wykorzystaniem ich danych osobowych nie została odpowiednio załatwiona, zapraszamy do kontaktu ze zlokalizowanym w USA podmiotem trzecim odpowiedzialnym za rozstrzyganie sporów – pod adresem:
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
. Zależy nam na znalezieniu uczciwego rozwiązania każdego problemu Użytkownika końcowego, odnoszącego się do prywatności danych lub niniejszego Powiadomienia. Niemniej jeżeli Użytkownik końcowy stwierdzi, że nie udzieliliśmy mu odpowiedniego wsparcia, żadne postanowienia niniejszego Powiadomienia nie ograniczają praw Użytkownika końcowego wynikających z obowiązujących przepisów, w tym prawa do – w zależności od kraju zamieszkania – złożenia skargi na ręce miejscowego organu ds. ochrony danych lub innej agencji właściwej dla kwestii związanych z prywatnością.
Data de vigência: 28 de junho de 2024
Visão geral
A DoubleVerify Inc., juntamente com suas subsidiárias globais, (coletivamente, “
DoubleVerify
”, “
nós
”, “
nos/conosco
” ou “
nosso(a)(s)
”] é líder do setor no oferecimento de transparência e responsabilidade para publicidade on-line. A DoubleVerify usa várias tecnologias para coletar informações sobre publicidade on-line, tráfego de sites, tráfego de aplicativos móveis e tráfego de dispositivos conectados, no intuito de oferecer transparência de publicidade e produtos e soluções de responsabilidade (em conjunto, “
Soluções
”). Este aviso de privacidade (“
Aviso de privacidade
das Soluções
”) declara quem somos, e como coletamos, usamos e compartilhamos as informações pessoais por meio das nossas Soluções, e como você pode exercer os seus direitos de privacidade.
Se você deseja mais informações sobre como a DoubleVerify processa as informações pessoais coletadas nos nossos sites abertos ao público, acesse o nosso
Aviso de privacidade de sites e marketing
.
Se você utiliza as soluções da DoubleVerify e deseja obter mais informações sobre como a DoubleVerify processa as informações pessoais coletadas por meio das nossas ferramentas de declaração, acesse o nosso
Aviso de privacidade das ferramentas de declaração
.
Links rápidos
Recomendamos que você leia este Aviso de privacidade das Soluções na íntegra, para assegurar que esteja totalmente informado. No entanto, para facilitar a localização e análise de partes específicas deste Aviso de privacidade das Soluções, ele foi dividido nas seguintes seções:
Quem é a DoubleVerify?
Qual é o nosso papel, quais são os nossos objetivos e qual é o fundamento jurídico do nosso processamento?
Quais dados coletamos e para quais finalidades?
Como usamos os dados que coletamos?
Como e para quem divulgamos os dados?
Por quanto tempo preservamos as informações pessoais?
Como as informações pessoais são protegidas?
Como as informações pessoais são transferidas internacionalmente?
Quais são os seus direitos?
Divulgações adicionais
A DoubleVerify usa Inteligência Artificial?
Lei regente
Atualizamos este Aviso de privacidade das Soluções?
Como entrar em contato com a DoubleVerify?
1. Quem é a DoubleVerify?
As plataformas credenciadas da DoubleVerify oferecem medição independente de mídia digital, dados e análises sobre publicidade (ou “anúncios”) e transmissão de impressões e tráfego de sites para ajudar anunciantes, agentes e vendedores de inventário de publicidade (em conjunto, “
Clientes
”) a confirmar características de entrega precisas, inclusive segurança da marca, métricas de visualização, parâmetros contextuais e ambientais (por exemplo, o site no qual o anúncio aparece e onde esse anúncio aparece na página), impressão de anúncios e características de qualidade de tráfego do site, bem como fornecer percepções que permitam que nossos Clientes tomem decisões informadas sobre a colocação dos respectivos criativos e marca.
Acreditamos no fornecimento de fortes proteções de privacidade a qualquer pessoa cujas informações possamos processar em qualquer capacidade, porque acreditamos que a privacidade é um direito fundamental, não algo dependente do local em que você mora. Para cumprir esse princípio, tratamos todos os dados que se relacionem ou estejam vinculados ao indivíduo identificado ou identificável como “Informações pessoais”, independentemente da localização desse indivíduo. No que se refere às nossas Soluções, a DoubleVerify limita as informações coletadas às informações que não permitem a identificação do indivíduo sem informações adicionais. Por exemplo, a DoubleVerify processa o seu endereço de Protocolo de Internet (Internet Protocol, “IP”), que é um número atribuído automaticamente a um computador quando a internet é usada. Embora a DoubleVerify trate essas informações como Informações pessoais, de acordo com as práticas recomendadas e a legislação aplicável, jamais combinamos essas informações com qualquer outro dado que nos permita identificar o indivíduo a quem se relacionam.
Este Aviso de privacidade das Soluções tem como objetivo informar as pessoas cujos dados venham a ser processados por meio das nossas Soluções (“
Usuários finais
” ou “
você
” e “
seu/sua(s)
”) sobre: (1) os tipos de informações que a DoubleVerify pode coletar a seu respeito ou sobre seu dispositivo quando o anúncio analisado por nós é entregue a você no site que você está visualizando ou aplicativo que está usando; (2) nossas práticas de privacidade e como poderemos usar, compartilhar e, de outra forma, processar informações consideradas Informações pessoais; e (3) quais são os seus direitos com relação a essas Informações pessoais. Este Aviso de privacidade das Soluções também explica quais informações não pessoais (“
Informações técnicas
”) coletamos sobre os anúncios que rastreamos e como usamos essas Informações técnicas para alimentar nossas Soluções.
2. Qual é o nosso papel, objetivos e fundamento jurídico para o processamento?
As Soluções de identificação e eliminação de fraudes (“
Eliminação de fraudes
”) e verificação de conformidade geográfica (“
Verificação geográfica
”) da DoubleVerify exigem o processamento de Informações pessoais. Exceto nos casos limitados descritos abaixo, com relação às leis e aos regulamentos, como o Regulamento geral sobre a proteção de dados (“
RGPD
”), a DoubleVerify atua na Eliminação de fraudes como “controladora” e na Verificação geográfica como “processadora”. Com relação à Lei de privacidade do consumidor da califórnia (California Consumer Privacy Act, “
CCPA
”) e outras leis estaduais dos Estados Unidos, nossa designação poderá variar dependendo da relação específica com cada Cliente. Como as Informações pessoais que processamos são coletadas por meio da nossa tecnologia e “disponibilizadas” a nós pelos nossos Clientes, de modo geral, operamos como “contratados” nos termos da CCPA ou como “processadores” segundo outras leis e estruturas regulamentares estaduais dos EUA. Não obstante o acima exposto, nos casos limitados em que as Informações pessoais são compartilhadas à DoubleVerify por meio de integrações personalizadas e outros meios não padronizados, por exemplo, quando as Informações pessoais forem coletadas e fornecidas por algum Cliente para análise da DoubleVerify, poderemos ser considerados “processadora” ou “provedora de serviços” nos termos da CCPA. Esse cenário é mais comum em nossas parcerias com Clientes de mídia social e outros Clientes que operam ambientes de propriedade exclusiva, muitas vezes chamados de “jardins murados”.
Exceto com relação à Eliminação de fraudes, inclusive o necessário para qualificar impressões de acordo com as práticas padrão do setor (p. ex., diretrizes do Media Rating Council) e verificação geográfica, outras soluções da DoubleVerify (como visibilidade, segurança de marca e adequação), normalmente não exigem o processamento de informações pessoais. No entanto, existem circunstâncias, como casos em que podemos fornecer estas Soluções a Clientes que operam “jardins murados”, nas quais esses Clientes, na respectiva função de controladores, poderão exigir que a DoubleVerify processe Informações pessoais adicionais de Usuários finais ou pessoas que criam contas e conteúdo nos ambientes do Cliente. Em qualquer um desses cenários, a determinação de quais Dados pessoais são processados é feita pelos Clientes, que, no papel de controladores, também determinam, a seu exclusivo critério, a fundamentação jurídica do processamento destas Informações pessoais. Para obter mais informações sobre as práticas de privacidade desses Clientes, as Informações pessoais processadas e as fundamentações jurídicas aplicáveis para o processamento, leia os avisos ou declarações de privacidade relevantes e aplicáveis de cada Cliente. Se você entrar em contato com a DoubleVerify para perguntar sobre esses programas, podemos fornecer algumas informações básicas sobre o trabalho que fazemos para esses Clientes, mas recomendamos que você entre em contato com o Cliente individual ou leia a documentação de privacidade disponibilizada por esse Cliente em suas respectivas propriedades.
Com relação a normas como o RGPD, a fundamentação jurídica da DoubleVerify para o processamento das Informações pessoais por meio das nossas Soluções é o interesse legítimo: (i) dos nossos Clientes, para evitar fraudes relacionadas a anúncios e apresentar informações geograficamente precisas e em conformidade aos Usuários finais; (ii) dos Usuários finais, no recebimento das informações sem fraudes e geograficamente precisas e em conformidade; e (iii) do público em geral, para a disponibilidade contínua de uma internet gratuita.
A DoubleVerify segue a Estrutura de transparência e consentimento da IAB (TCFv2.2 – Vendor ID 126) e faz uso do interesse legítimo como base para coletar dados para os seguintes fins:
Garantir a segurança, prevenir e detectar fraudes e corrigir erros (Finalidade especial 1)
Entregar e apresentar publicidade e conteúdo (Finalidade especial 2)
Salvar e comunicar opções de privacidade (Finalidade especial 3)
Medir o desempenho do anúncio (Finalidade 7)
Desenvolver e melhorar os serviços (Finalidade 10)
Em cenários limitados, a pessoa jurídica responsável pela Estrutura de transparência e consentimento da IAB Europa na propriedade em que as soluções da DoubleVerify operam pode estar sujeita à nossa verificação geográfica mediante consentimento. Nesses casos muito limitados, o consentimento se aplicaria ao seguinte:
Uso limitado de dados para selecionar publicidade (Finalidade 2)
Medição do desempenho do anúncio (Finalidade 7)
Desenvolvimento e aprimoramento dos serviços (Finalidade 10)
3. Quais dados coletamos e para quais finalidades?
A DoubleVerify, para executar suas respectivas finalidades comerciais de fornecer, manter e melhorar suas respectivas Soluções, coleta e usa determinadas categorias de Informações pessoais e Informações técnicas. As categorias de Informações pessoais e Informações técnicas processadas por meio das Soluções da DoubleVerify estão descritas abaixo. Na medida em que as Informações pessoais forem necessárias para a operação de um ou mais recursos de alguma Solução da DoubleVerify, estas Informações pessoais serão usadas apenas para os fins específicos descritos abaixo, salvo se exigido de outra forma por lei. Além disso, em algumas circunstâncias, poderá ser necessário processar as Informações pessoais em conjunto com algumas Informações técnicas para que as Soluções da DoubleVerify funcionem adequadamente. Nestes cenários, os dados combinados são considerados Informações pessoais e protegidos em conformidade. Jamais combinamos, analisamos ou enriquecemos as Informações pessoais e Informações técnicas que processamos com informações adicionais, a fim de identificar os Usuários finais. Jamais rastreamos você ou suas atividades on-line em aplicativos e sites ou ao longo do tempo, não usamos tecnologias persistentes, como cookies de terceiros, e jamais criamos perfis ou grupos de audiência para atingir indivíduos.
Categorias de Informações técnicas coletadas e usadas para alimentar as Soluções da DoubleVerify:
Atributos da campanha publicitária: o identificador do anunciante que entrega o anúncio, seus respectivos identificadores de campanha e colocação e os identificadores da propriedade de mídia que vende o inventário ao anunciante ou qualquer plataforma de publicidade intermediária são coletados e processados para identificar o Cliente que estamos atendendo, aplicar as configurações corretas para o Cliente, segmentar os relatórios do Cliente de acordo com esses identificadores e faturar o Cliente.
Atributos do conteúdo da internet: o endereço Web (URL) da página/quadro para onde o anúncio é entregue e o endereço de qualquer página/quadro de referência são coletados para assegurar que os anúncios sejam entregues no contexto correto que nosso Cliente definiu nas configurações de perfil em nosso sistema.
Atributos do aplicativo móvel: o nome do aplicativo móvel, ID do aplicativo móvel, loja de aplicativos, desenvolvedor do aplicativo, classificações de estrelas do aplicativo, classificação etária do aplicativo e outras informações publicamente disponíveis sobre o aplicativo móvel para o qual o anúncio é entregue. Essas informações são usadas para assegurar que os anúncios sejam entregues no contexto correto que nosso Cliente definiu nas configurações de perfil em nosso sistema.
Atributos do ambiente digital: o tipo de dispositivo conectado ao qual o anúncio é entregue (dispositivo móvel, desktop, TV conectada ou outro dispositivo), o tipo de navegador e a versão usada para renderizar a página onde o anúncio aparece e o sistema operacional são coletados para determinar qual versão do nosso código seria executada corretamente naquele ambiente e medir adequadamente se o anúncio teve a chance de se tornar visível na tela de acordo com os padrões do setor, que variam entre ambientes.
Atributos de visibilidade: o local do anúncio na página, o tamanho do anúncio, o tamanho da tela, o tamanho da janela de exibição, o status de foco da guia, o status de foco do navegador, a duração do anúncio na parte visível da página da internet e a posição de rolagem da página da internet são coletados para determinar e relatar aos nossos Clientes se o anúncio teve a chance de se tornar visível na tela.
Atributos de exposição e engajamento: dados que mostram se houve cliques no anúncio, se o anúncio foi passado para o lado, tocado, redimensionado, ignorado, silenciado, pausado, girado, rolado ou se o seu volume foi alterado são coletados para ajudar nossos Clientes a medir o desempenho do anúncio, a campanha publicitária ou a propriedade da mídia.
Categorias de dados coletados e usados para alimentar a Eliminação de fraudes:
A presença eletrônica pseudonimizada e os identificadores do dispositivo, ou seja, endereço IP, sequência de agente do usuário ou derivados da combinação desses dois valores, são usados para avaliar se a presença on-line ou o dispositivo está participando ou está associado a algum esquema fraudulento.
Categorias de dados coletados e usados para alimentar a Verificação geográfica:
A presença eletrônica pseudonimizada e os identificadores do dispositivo (endereço IP) são coletados para determinar a localização geográfica à qual estão associados. Cada IP está associado a um país e, dentro dos Estados Unidos, pode estar associado a informações mais específicas e, até mesmo, ao código postal. As suas informações exatas de geolocalização jamais serão coletadas.
Em circunstâncias limitadas, a DoubleVerify poderá ser solicitada por algum de seus Clientes, por exemplo, Clientes que operam como “jardim(ns) murado(s)”, a processar Informações pessoais adicionais para habilitar suas respectivas Soluções. Essas Informações pessoais adicionais poderão estar relacionadas a Usuários finais, a pessoas que criam contas nestes “jardins murados” ou indivíduos que criam o conteúdo publicado nestes ambientes de “jardins murados”. Na medida em que a DoubleVerify for solicitada por um dos seus respectivos Clientes que operam como “jardins murados” a processar Informações pessoais adicionais para habilitar determinadas Soluções, a DoubleVerify processará estas Informações pessoais exclusivamente com a finalidade de cumprir suas respectivas obrigações perante o Cliente e estritamente de acordo com as instruções do Cliente, conforme necessário para operar, manter e, conforme o caso, melhorar as Soluções. Trabalhamos diligentemente com esses Clientes para assegurar que as Informações pessoais processadas sejam limitadas apenas às Informações pessoais necessárias para atingir esses fins. Em circunstâncias limitadas, a nossa interação com “jardins murados” pode resultar no recebimento incidental de Informações Pessoais. A DoubleVerify trabalha de forma diligente para monitorar esses casos, para assegurar que as Informações pessoais não sejam processadas além do recebimento, exceto para eliminá-las com segurança dos nossos sistemas. Como nesses cenários as categorias específicas de Informações pessoais dependem da integração personalizada e das decisões do Cliente e variam de Cliente para Cliente, caso você tenha alguma dúvida, recomendamos que você entre em contato com o Cliente individual ou leia a documentação de privacidade disponibilizada por esse Cliente individual em suas respectivas propriedades.
As Soluções não se destinam nem são direcionadas ao processamento de Informações pessoais de menores de idade. Não coletamos, intencionalmente, Informações pessoais de menores de idade, conforme este termo seja definido pela legislação aplicável ao longo do tempo. Se você é pai/mãe ou responsável legal e acredita que as Informações pessoais do seu filho(a) possam ter sido processadas por meio das Soluções, entre em contato conosco usando as informações na Seção 13, “
Como entrar em contato com a DoubleVerify
”, abaixo, e tomaremos medidas para excluir com segurança as respectivas Informações pessoais dos nossos sistemas.
4. Como usamos os dados que coletamos?
A DoubleVerify usa as Informações técnicas e Informações pessoais coletadas somente para os fins descritos na Seção 3, “
Quais dados coletamos e para quais finalidades?
”, deste Aviso de privacidade das Soluções. Em geral, as Informações técnicas e suas Informações pessoais são processadas para gerar relatórios, oferecer painéis, fazer comentários e fornecer percepções (“
Relatório
”) aos nossos Clientes. Os Relatórios da DV, em qualquer formato, são anonimizados e agregados, ou, na medida em que informações de nível de impressão forem necessárias, cada impressão será anonimizada para assegurar que as Informações pessoais dos Usuários finais jamais sejam compartilhadas com os Clientes. Não obstante o acima mencionado, os relatórios criados para Clientes que operam como “jardins murados” (por exemplo, empresas de mídia social) e outros Clientes que dependem destes relatórios (por exemplo, empresas que anunciam em feeds de mídia social) poderão incluir informações das pessoas que criam contas nestes “jardins murados” ou indivíduos que criam o conteúdo publicado nestes ambientes de “jardins murados”. Esta Seção fornece informações adicionais sobre como as Informações técnicas e suas Informações pessoais são processadas para alcançar os objetivos comerciais especificados na Seção 3 deste Aviso de privacidade das Soluções.
A DoubleVerify usa as Informações técnicas coletadas por meio das Soluções, conforme especificado na Seção 3.1, das seguintes maneiras:
Analisar e relatar o contexto no qual os anúncios são exibidos, sua respectiva qualidade, autenticidade e desempenho. Especificamente, as informações que demonstram se o anúncio sendo exibido está em conformidade com as exigências legais e de colocação pré-estabelecidas do Cliente, bem como as configurações de preferência que o Cliente estabeleceu em nosso sistema.
Fornecer percepções e decisão preventiva de oportunidades de impressão. A tecnologia da DoubleVerify analisa as características de dados da oportunidade de impressão e determina se o anúncio do Cliente deve ser exibido ou não, por exemplo, determinando que o conteúdo circundante não se alinha com a marca e as preferências do Cliente.
A DoubleVerify, para alimentar a Eliminação de fraudes, usa as Informações técnicas e Informações pessoais coletadas por meio das Soluções, conforme especificado nas Seções 3.1 e 3.2, para:
Revisar e identificar impressões específicas dos anúncios que sejam fraudulentas por serem geradas por navegadores não humanos controlados por bots.
Avaliar e identificar tráfego inválido, como tráfego gerado por injetores de anúncios, tráfego originado em data centers, tráfego mal representado, tráfego emulado e outros tipos de tráfego inválido.
Analisar e identificar sites, aplicativos de dispositivos móveis e conectados e propriedades de mídia que tenham tráfego fraudulento e/ou gerem impressões publicitárias fraudulentas.
Identificar padrões de tráfego em sites que participem de atividade de publicidade fraudulenta.
Diferenciar entre o tráfego gerado por navegadores não humanos controlados por bots e o tráfego gerado por navegadores humanos.
Determinar se os anúncios analisados seguem as exigências legais aplicáveis e as preferências definidas por nossos Clientes.
Determinar se um middleware está tentando deturpar suas respectivas características operacionais para evitar a identificação de fraude ou outro tráfego inválido.
Determinar se o tráfego do site ou as impressões de anúncios são originárias de uma torre de servidores em vez de atividade de navegação gerada por humanos.
Determinar se o tráfego está sendo adquirido por meio de práticas fraudulentas ou outras práticas de aquisição de tráfego que não estejam em conformidade com as diretrizes ou preferências do Cliente.
Criar registros de endereços IP e strings de agente do usuário associados a esquemas fraudulentos e tráfego não gerado por humanos (“Tabelas de fraude”). Como esses pontos de dados estão associados a interações não humanas, não constituem Informações pessoais.
A DoubleVerify, para alimentar a Verificação geográfica, usa as Informações técnicas e Informações pessoais coletadas por meio das Soluções, conforme especificado na Seção 3.3, para:
Avaliar em alto nível (país, estado, região ou, para residentes dos EUA, código postal) a localização geográfica do Usuário final e verificar se o Usuário final está localizado dentro da campanha ou das configurações de tráfego do Cliente.
Na medida em que a DoubleVerify for solicitada por um dos seus respectivos Clientes que operam como “jardins murados” a processar Informações pessoais adicionais para habilitar determinadas Soluções, a DoubleVerify processará estas Informações pessoais exclusivamente com a finalidade de cumprir suas respectivas obrigações perante o Cliente e estritamente de acordo com as instruções do Cliente, conforme necessário para operar, manter e, conforme o caso, melhorar as Soluções. Caso tenha alguma dúvida, recomendamos que você entre em contato com o Cliente individual ou leia a documentação de privacidade disponibilizada por esse Cliente individual em suas respectivas propriedades.
5. Como e para quem divulgamos os dados?
A DoubleVerify não divulga Informações pessoais a terceiros, salvo conforme estritamente necessário para que nossos objetivos comerciais operem, mantenham e melhorem nossas Soluções. Na medida em que compartilharmos voluntariamente as Informações pessoais, asseguraremos que sejam protegidas pelos destinatários de uma maneira consistente com nossas próprias políticas e normas.
Poderemos compartilhar suas Informações pessoais com:
Prestadores de serviços: empresas contratadas para nos fornecer serviços, como administração de TI e sistemas, serviços de infraestrutura e hospedagem, pesquisa e análise, suporte e garantia de qualidade, segurança e outros serviços, para os fins e de acordo com a fundamentação jurídica descrita acima. Você pode solicitar uma lista dos nossos Prestadores de serviços, quais Informações pessoais recebem e para quais fins, entrando em contato conosco. Você pode encontrar as informações de contato na Seção 13, “
Como entrar em contato com a DoubleVerify
”, deste Aviso de privacidade das Soluções.
Afiliadas: como empresa matriz, empresas irmãs, subsidiárias, joint ventures ou outras empresas sob controle comum, na medida necessária para operar, manter e melhorar nossas Soluções. Você pode solicitar uma lista das nossas Afiliadas, quais Informações pessoais recebem e para quais fins, entrando em contato conosco. Você pode encontrar as informações de contato na Seção 13, “
Como entrar em contato com a DoubleVerify
”, deste Aviso de privacidade das Soluções.
Terceiros contratados por nossos Clientes: para dar suporte aos nossos Clientes, poderemos integrar nossas Soluções com outras ferramentas e serviços contratados por nossos Clientes para fornecer serviços aprimorados e recursos de geração de relatórios. Sob nenhuma circunstância recebemos dados dessas integrações que permitiriam que a DoubleVerify enriquecesse nossos dados e identificasse os Usuários finais. Em cenários limitados, poderemos compartilhar informações de nível de impressão com empresas contratadas por nossos Clientes para conduzir pesquisas sobre a eficácia do marketing. Em circunstâncias limitadas, nossos Clientes podem nos instruir a compartilhar certas Informações pessoais necessárias para habilitar a funcionalidade de um produto ou serviço não gerenciado pela DoubleVerify.
Terceiros envolvidos em uma operação corporativa: caso a DoubleVerify seja adquirida ou fundida com outra empresa, ou no caso de uma reorganização, dissolução ou outra mudança corporativa fundamental.
Poderemos ser legalmente obrigados a divulgar suas Informações pessoais:
(a) Se alguma entidade governamental, tribunal, autoridade de manutenção da ordem pública ou agência reguladora exigir esta divulgação (por exemplo, como parte de uma investigação em andamento, intimação, processo judicial ou processo semelhante).
(b) Conforme exigido, de outra forma, nos termos de qualquer lei, regulamento ou regra aplicável.
(c) Se acreditarmos, de boa-fé, que esta divulgação é necessária para proteger ou defender nossos direitos ou os direitos de terceiros, auxiliar em alguma investigação ou prevenir atividade ilegal.
As Tabelas de fraude e outros relatórios relacionados à Eliminação de fraudes, feeds de dados, APIs e dashboards que não contenham Informações pessoais poderão ser compartilhados ou disponibilizados a Clientes e outros terceiros, inclusive, por exemplo, organizações do setor, conforme necessário para a DoubleVerify executar seus respectivos objetivos comerciais de fornecer, manter e melhorar a parte de Eliminação de fraudes das nossas Soluções e combater a fraude publicitária.
Não compartilhamos suas Informações pessoais com nossos Clientes. Qualquer relatório e análise que disponibilizarmos aos Clientes por meio do nosso Portal de geração de relatórios são anônimos, o que significa que não contêm Informações pessoais. Os relatórios são, de modo geral, agregados, mas em circunstâncias limitadas, relatórios de nível de impressão são fornecidos aos nossos Clientes por meio de endpoints FTP ou APIs, contanto que estes relatórios não contenham nenhuma Informação pessoal. Poderemos compartilhar Informações técnicas, que são anônimas, em formatos agregados ou em sua respectiva forma bruta, com terceiros, conforme considerarmos necessário para executar nossos objetivos comerciais de fornecer, manter e melhorar as Soluções. Além disso, poderemos compartilhar dados anônimos ou desidentificados de forma agregada no curso normal da operação dos nossos negócios; por exemplo, publicar estudos de caso e relatórios para mostrar tendências sobre os benefícios e o desempenho das nossas Soluções.
Para evitar dúvidas, a DoubleVerify não divulga Informações pessoais a pessoas jurídicas que operam como “empresa” ou “terceiro” nos termos das leis, como a CCPA.
6. Por quanto tempo preservamos as informações pessoais?
A DoubleVerify preserva as Informações pessoais processadas por meio das suas respectivas Soluções somente pelo tempo necessário para efetuar os propósitos descritos neste Aviso de privacidade das Soluções e, em hipótese alguma, por mais de 45 (quarenta e cinco) dias. Após a expiração desse período, as Informações pessoais são removidas com segurança dos sistemas da DoubleVerify.
As Tabelas de fraude poderão ser preservadas indefinidamente para assegurar a funcionalidade adequada da Solução de Eliminação de fraudes.
Informações técnicas, anônimas por natureza, poderão ser preservadas pela DoubleVerify indefinidamente ou desde que, de outra forma, previsto nas políticas da DoubleVerify e permitido pela legislação aplicável e pelos contratos da DoubleVerify com seus respectivos Clientes.
7. Como as informações pessoais são protegidas?
A DoubleVerify implementou medidas técnicas, físicas e organizacionais adequadas destinadas a proteger as Informações pessoais contra destruição acidental ou ilegal ou perda acidental, dano, alteração, divulgação ou acesso não autorizado, bem como todas as outras formas de processamento ilegal. Embora sigamos os padrões geralmente aceitos e as práticas recomendadas para proteger as Informações pessoais, nenhum método de armazenamento ou transmissão é 100% seguro. No entanto, estamos constantemente trabalhando para melhorar nossas proteções e manter suas Informações pessoais seguras.
8. Como as informações pessoais são transferidas internacionalmente?
Esteja ciente de que as Informações pessoais que coletamos poderão ser transferidas e mantidas em servidores ou bancos de dados localizados fora do seu estado, província, país ou outra jurisdição. Embora suas Informações pessoais possam ser transmitidas por meio de um data center temporário local para assegurar que as Soluções sejam eficientes e responsivas, a DoubleVerify, em última instância, armazena todas as Informações pessoais coletadas por meio das Soluções nos Estados Unidos. Como uma empresa global, temos escritórios nos Estados Unidos, Reino Unido, França, Bélgica, Finlândia, Alemanha, Israel, Canadá, México, Brasil, Japão, Índia, Cingapura e Austrália. Poderá ser necessário que nossos funcionários nesses locais acessem as suas Informações pessoais para dar suporte às nossas Soluções. O nível de proteção de dados estabelecido em alguns desses locais, como os Estados Unidos, pode ser menor do que o estabelecido na União Europeia ou em outras jurisdições que promulgaram leis e regulamentos de privacidade com alto nível de proteção.
Tomamos medidas para assegurar que as suas Informações pessoais sejam armazenadas com segurança conosco, atendendo às exigências regulatórias de privacidade e segurança impostas às empresas da União Europeia. Também asseguramos que qualquer outro destinatário das suas Informações pessoais ofereça um nível adequado de proteção e segurança, por exemplo, celebrando os contratos subsidiários adequados e, se necessário, cláusulas contratuais padrão ou mecanismo alternativo para a transferência de dados, conforme aprovado pela Comissão Europeia ou outro regulador aplicável. As práticas de privacidade da DoubleVerify, descritas neste Aviso de privacidade, cumprem o Sistema de Regras de Privacidade Transfronteiriças (Cross Border Privacy Rules, CBPR) e o sistema de Reconhecimento de Privacidade para Processadores (Privacy Recognition for Processors, PRP) da APEC. Os sistemas CBPR e PRP, da APEC, oferecem estruturas para as organizações assegurarem a proteção das informações pessoais transferidas entre as economias participantes da APEC. Mais informações sobre as estruturas da APEC podem ser encontradas
aqui
. Caso tenha alguma dúvida sobre onde armazenamos as Informações pessoais, entre em contato conosco conforme descrito na Seção 13, “
Como entrar em contato com a DoubleVerify
”, deste Aviso de privacidade global.
Além disso, a DoubleVerify Inc. e suas subsidiárias Outrigger Media, Inc., cujo nome fantasia é OpenSlate, Scibids Technology Inc., Zentrick Inc. (“DoubleVerify”), estão em conformidade com a Estrutura de privacidade de dados (Data Privacy Framework, DPF) da UE-EUA (DPF dos EU-U.S.), com a extensão do Reino Unido para a DPF da UE-EUA. e Suíça-EUA (DPF da Suíça-EUA), conforme estabelecido pelo Departamento de Comércio dos EUA. A DoubleVerify declarou ao Departamento de Comércio dos EUA que cumpre os Princípios da estrutura de privacidade de dados da UE-EUA (Princípios da DPF da UE-EUA), com relação ao processamento de dados pessoais recebidos da União Europeia com base nos Princípios da DPF da UE-EUA e do Reino Unido (e Gibraltar) no âmbito da extensão do Reino Unido perante a DPF da UE-EUA. A DoubleVerify declarou ao Departamento de Comércio dos EUA que cumpre os Princípios da estrutura de privacidade de dados da Suíça-EUA (Princípios da DPF da Suíça-EUA) no que diz respeito ao processamento de dados pessoais recebidos da Suíça no que diz respeito à DPF da Suíça-EUA. Em caso de conflito entre os termos desta política de privacidade e os termos dos princípios da DPF da UE-EU e/ou Swiss-U.S, os Princípios regerão. Para obter mais informações sobre o programa da Estrutura de privacidade de dados (Data Privacy Framework, DPF) e para visualizar a nossa certificação, acesse https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/.
A DoubleVerify é responsável pelo processamento dos dados pessoais que recebe, no âmbito da DPF, e, posteriormente transfere para um terceiro que atue como agente em seu nome. A DoubleVerify segue os Princípios da DPF com relação a todas as transferências de dados pessoais na UE, no Reino Unido e na Suíça, inclusive as disposições de responsabilidade de transferência posterior.
A Comissão Federal de Comércio é competente para verificar a conformidade da DoubleVerify com as normas da DPF da UE-EUA, a extensão do Reino Unido à DPF da UE-EUA e Suíça-EUA. Em certas situações, a DoubleVerify poderá ser obrigada a divulgar os dados pessoais em resposta a solicitações legais de autoridades públicas, inclusive para cumprir exigências de segurança nacional ou de conformidade judicial.
Em conformidade com a DPF da UE-EUA, a extensão da DPF da UE-EUA ao Reino Unido e da Suíça-EUA, a DoubleVerify compromete-se a encaminhar as reclamações não resolvidas com relação ao nosso tratamento de dados pessoais recebidos com base na DPF da UE-EUA, a Extensão da DPF da UE-EUA ao Reino Unido e DPF da Suíça-EUA para TRUSTe, um provedor alternativo de resolução de litígios com sede nos Estados Unidos. Se você não receber, em tempo hábil, a nossa confirmação de recebimento da sua reclamação relacionada aos Princípios da DPF ou se não tivermos atendido, de forma satisfatória, sua reclamação relacionada aos Princípios da DPF, acesse https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request para mais informações ou para protocolar uma reclamação. Esse serviço de resolução de litígios é oferecido a você sem custo.
Com relação a reclamações relacionadas ao cumprimento da DPF não resolvidas por meio de um dos mecanismos da DPF, você tem a possibilidade, sob certas condições, de invocar uma arbitragem vinculativa. Mais informações podem ser encontradas no site oficial da DPF.
9. Quais são os seus direitos?
Usuários finais em determinadas jurisdições poderão ter direitos de titulares de dados que permitem fazer solicitações relacionadas às suas respectivas Informações pessoais. A maioria das jurisdições também dá aos Usuários finais o direito de serem informados sobre como as Informações pessoais são coletadas, usadas e com quem poderão ter sido compartilhadas ou divulgadas, bem como para quais fins. O Aviso de privacidade das Soluções da DoubleVerify destina-se a atender estas exigências, mas caso tenha alguma pergunta adicional ou queira entender melhor como suas Informações pessoais poderão ter sido coletadas, usadas ou com quem poderão ter sido compartilhadas ou divulgadas, e por quê, entre em contato conosco usando a Seção 13, “
Como entrar em contato com a DoubleVerify
”, abaixo.
Os residentes do Espaço Econômico Europeu, do Reino Unido, da Suíça ou da Califórnia, dentre outros, possuem amplos direitos no âmbito das leis e regulamentos de privacidade pertinentes, como o RGPD e a CCPA. Para exercer esses direitos, você pode usar
este Formulário
ou entrar em contato conosco consultando a Seção 13, “
Como entrar em contato com a DoubleVerify
”, abaixo. De acordo com determinadas leis e normas, como a CCPA, você também poderá designar um agente autorizado para enviar uma solicitação ou exercer algum direito em seu nome. Não discriminaremos ou retaliaremos você por exercer seus direitos.
Esses direitos são:
O direito de acessar qualquer Informação pessoal que possamos manter a seu respeito, inclusive informações sobre as categorias e partes específicas das Informações pessoais.
O direito de corrigir qualquer Informação pessoal que mantivermos a seu respeito. Lembre-se de que, devido à natureza das Informações pessoais que coletamos e ao método de coleta, é altamente improvável que mantenhamos Informações pessoais imprecisas ou que atendam às circunstâncias que exigem correção.
O direito de solicitar que a DoubleVerify exclua qualquer Informação pessoal que possamos ter a seu respeito.
O direito de solicitar que o processamento das Informações pessoais a seu respeito seja suspenso ou restrito por determinado período, por exemplo, enquanto você avalia se tem outros direitos que gostaria de exercer.
Na medida em que suas Informações pessoais forem processadas com base em um interesse legítimo, você tem o direito de se opor a este processamento.
Na medida em que suas Informações pessoais forem processadas com base no seu consentimento, para revogar o consentimento use a Estrutura de transparência e consentimento da IAB Europa.
Na medida do possível, atendemos a solicitações relacionadas ao Usuário final desde que possamos associar o Usuário final às Informações pessoais que mantemos em nossos sistemas. No entanto, em determinadas circunstâncias, poderemos ser obrigados a verificar sua identidade para atender à solicitação. Para verificar sua identidade ou entender o escopo da sua solicitação, poderemos precisar solicitar informações adicionais a seu respeito. Você não precisará criar uma conta conosco para enviar uma solicitação ou ter essa solicitação atendida. Você precisará fornecer um e-mail para que possamos nos comunicar com você e dar suporte à sua solicitação, bem como qualquer informação que possamos precisar para nos permitir verificar se mantivermos qualquer Informação pessoal a seu respeito. Esteja ciente de que poderá haver circunstâncias que nos impossibilitarão de atender à sua solicitação, mas se não pudermos atender à sua solicitação, explicaremos o motivo. Na medida em que não mantivermos nenhuma Informação pessoal a seu respeito, informaremos você. Esforçamo-nos ao máximo para responder a todas as consultas e solicitações o mais rápido possível, mas aguarde até 30 (trinta) dias para que possamos responder.
Na medida em que a DoubleVerify atuar como “processadora” “contratada” ou “prestadora de serviços”, conforme definido na legislação aplicável, você poderá precisar direcionar suas solicitações para exercer seus direitos ao respectivo Cliente que atuar como “controlador” ou “empresa”.
10. Divulgações adicionais
Determinadas leis e regulamentos de privacidade, como a CCPA, exigem que as empresas divulguem se vendem Informações pessoais. A DoubleVerify não divulga as Informações pessoais de forma que constitua “venda” ou “compartilhamento” nos termos das leis da Califórnia, Virgínia e Nevada.
11. A DoubleVerify usa Inteligência Artificial?
A DoubleVerify usa Inteligência Artificial (“IA”) de várias fontes e maneiras em toda a organização. Embora a DoubleVerify faça uso de tecnologias de IA, não participamos da “tomada de decisão automatizada”, conforme definido pelas leis e regulamentos de privacidade pertinentes.
12. Lei regente
Na medida aplicável e permitida pelas leis e pelos regulamentos aplicáveis, este Aviso de privacidade das Soluções é regido e interpretado de acordo com as leis internas do estado de Delaware, EUA, e o foro competente para qualquer litígio será Delaware, EUA.
13. Atualizamos este Aviso de privacidade das Soluções?
Poderemos atualizar este Aviso de privacidade das Soluções, ao longo do tempo, para refletir alterações em nossas Soluções, práticas, políticas ou outras alterações internas ou externas, bem como cumprir novas exigências legais. Qualquer alteração será publicada assim que entrar em vigor. Se fizermos atualizações, atualizaremos a “data de entrada em vigor” listada no topo deste Aviso de privacidade das Soluções para ajudar você a entender quando as alterações foram feitas. Para se manter informado sobre estas atualizações, recomendamos que você consulte este Aviso de privacidade das Soluções regularmente. Observe que qualquer tradução deste Aviso de privacidade das Soluções destina-se exclusivamente a facilitar seu acesso a essas informações. A versão em inglês é a única versão oficial deste Aviso de privacidade das Soluções e qualquer imprecisão ou discrepância de tradução não será vinculativa e não terá efeito legal para fins de conformidade ou aplicação.
14. Como entrar em contato com a DoubleVerify?
Caso tenha alguma dúvida, preocupação ou comentário sobre este Aviso de privacidade das Soluções, ou se acreditar que suas Informações pessoais foram usadas de uma forma inconsistente com o Aviso de privacidade ou suas escolhas, você pode entrar em contato com nossa equipe de Privacidade em:
Informações de contato do Encarregado de privacidade/Encarregado de proteção de dados (Equipe de privacidade) da
DoubleVerify Inc.
462 Broadway
New York, NY 10013 – EUA
privacy-policy@doubleverify.com
Caso tenha alguma preocupação de privacidade ou uso de dados não resolvida que não tenhamos abordado satisfatoriamente, entre em contato com nosso provedor de resolução de disputas terceirizado baseado nos EUA (gratuitamente), pelo endereço
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
. Temos o compromisso de obter uma resolução justa de qualquer reclamação ou preocupação que você possa ter sobre sua privacidade ou sobre este Aviso de privacidade das Soluções. No entanto, se você acredita que não conseguimos ajudar você, nada neste Aviso de privacidade das Soluções limita ou tenta limitar seus direitos nos termos da legislação aplicável, inclusive sua capacidade, dependendo do seu país de residência, de protocolar uma reclamação junto à sua autoridade de Proteção de dados local ou outra agência com jurisdição sobre assuntos relacionados à privacidade.
Data de entrada em vigor: 28 de junho de 2024
Visão geral
A DoubleVerify, Inc., juntamente com as suas subsidiárias a nível mundial (coletivamente, “
DoubleVerify
”, “
nós
”, “
nos
” ou “
nosso
”) é líder no setor do fornecimento de transparência e responsabilidade em publicidade online. A DoubleVerify utiliza várias tecnologias para recolher informações sobre publicidade online, tráfego do site, tráfego de aplicações móveis e tráfego de dispositivos conectados para fornecer transparência de publicidade e produtos e soluções de responsabilidade (coletivamente, “
Soluções
”). O presente aviso de privacidade “
Aviso de
Privacidade das Soluções
”) explica quem somos, como recolhemos, utilizamos e partilhamos informações pessoais através das nossas Soluções, e como pode exercer os seus direitos em matéria de privacidade.
Caso pretenda mais informações sobre a forma como a DoubleVerify trata as Informações Pessoais recolhidas nos nossos websites abertos ao público, visite o nosso
Aviso de Privacidade de Websites e Marketing
.
Se utilizar as Soluções da DoubleVerify e pretender obter mais informações sobre a forma como a DoubleVerify trata as informações pessoais recolhidas através das nossas ferramentas de informação, visite o nosso
Aviso de Privacidade de Ferramentas de Informação
.
Ligações rápidas
Recomendamos que leia na íntegra o presente Aviso de Privacidade das Soluções para garantir que está totalmente informado. Contudo, para tornar mais fácil encontrar e rever partes específicas do presente Aviso de Privacidade das Soluções, dividimos o mesmo nas seguintes secções:
Quem é a DoubleVerify?
Qual é a nossa função, objetivos e fundamento jurídico do Tratamento?
Que dados recolhemos e para que finalidades?
Como utilizamos os dados que recolhemos?
Como e a quem divulgamos dados?
Durante quanto tempo mantemos Informações Pessoais?
Como são protegidas as Informações Pessoais?
Como é que as Informações Pessoais são transferidas internacionalmente?
Quais são os seus direitos?
Divulgações adicionais
A DoubleVerify utiliza Inteligência Artificial?
Lei aplicável
Atualizamos o presente Aviso de Privacidade das Soluções?
Como é que pode contactar a DoubleVerify?
1. Quem é a DoubleVerify?
As plataformas acreditadas da DoubleVerify fornecem medições, dados e análises independentes de meios digitais sobre publicidade (ou “anúncios”), entrega de impressões e tráfego do website, para ajudar os anunciantes, agências e vendedores de inventário de publicidade (em conjunto, “
Clientes
”) a confirmar as características de entrega exatas, incluindo segurança da marca, métricas de visualização, parâmetros contextuais e ambientais (por exemplo, o website em que um anúncio aparece, e onde aparece na página web), impressão do anúncio e características de qualidade do tráfego do website, e fornece conhecimentos que permitem aos nossos Clientes tomar decisões informadas sobre a colocação da sua criatividade e marca.
Acreditamos em fornecer fortes proteções de privacidade a qualquer indivíduo cujas informações possamos tratar em qualquer capacidade – porque acreditamos que a privacidade é um direito fundamental, não algo que deva depender do local onde possa viver. Para cumprir esse princípio, tratamos quaisquer dados relacionados ou associados a um indivíduo identificado ou identificável como “Informações Pessoais”, independentemente da localização desse indivíduo. Relativamente às nossas Soluções, a DoubleVerify limita qualquer informação que recolhamos a informação que não permite a identificação de um indivíduo sem informação adicional. Por exemplo, a DoubleVerify trata o seu endereço de Protocolo de Internet (“IP”), que é um número que é automaticamente atribuído a um computador quando a Internet é utilizada. Embora a DoubleVerify trate essas informações como Informações Pessoais, de acordo com as melhores práticas e as leis aplicáveis, nunca combinamos tais informações com quaisquer outros dados que nos permitiriam identificar a pessoa às quais dizem respeito.
Este Aviso de Privacidade das Soluções destina-se a informar os indivíduos cujos dados podem ser tratados através das nossas Soluções (“
Utilizador(es) Final(ais)
” ou, “
você
” e “
seu
”) sobre: (1) os tipos de informação que a DoubleVerify pode recolher sobre si ou sobre o seu dispositivo quando um anúncio que é analisado por nós lhe é entregue num website que está a visualizar ou numa aplicação que está a utilizar, (2) as nossas práticas de privacidade, como podemos utilizar, partilhar, e tratar de outra forma informações que sejam consideradas Informações Pessoais, e (3) quais são os seus direitos em relação a tais Informações Pessoais. Este Aviso de Privacidade das Soluções também explica que informação não pessoal (
“Informação Técnica
”) recolhemos sobre os anúncios que monitorizamos e como utilizamos essa Informação Técnica para potenciar as nossas Soluções.
2. Qual é a nossa função e quais são os nossos objetivos e o fundamento jurídico do Tratamento?
As Soluções de identificação e eliminação de fraude (“
Eliminação de Fraude
”) e verificação de conformidade geográfica (“
Verificação Geográfica
”) da DoubleVerify exigem o tratamento de Informações Pessoais. Exceto nas circunstâncias limitadas indicadas abaixo, relativamente às leis e regulamentos como o Regulamento Geral de Proteção de Dados (“
RGPD
”), a DoubleVerify opera a Eliminação de Fraude como um “responsável pelo tratamento” e a Verificação Geográfica como um “subcontratante”. Relativamente à Lei de Privacidade dos Consumidores da Califórnia (California Consumer Privacy Act, “
CCPA
”) e outros quadros regulamentares estaduais dos EUA, a nossa designação pode variar consoante a relação específica com cada Cliente. Uma vez que as Informações Pessoais são recolhidas pela nossa tecnologia e nos são “disponibilizadas” pelos nossos Clientes, normalmente funcionamos como um “contratante” ao abrigo da CCPA ou como um “subcontratante” ao abrigo de outras leis estaduais e quadros regulamentares dos EUA. Não obstante o que precede, em circunstâncias limitadas em que as Informações Pessoais sejam partilhadas com a DoubleVerify através de integrações concebidas especificamente para o efeito e outros meios não normalizados, por exemplo, quando essas Informações Pessoais são recolhidas e fornecidas por um Cliente para análise da DoubleVerify, podemos ser sempre considerados um “subcontratante” ou um “prestador de serviços” ao abrigo da CCPA. Este cenário é mais habitual nas nossas parcerias com Clientes de redes sociais e com outros Clientes que exploram ambientes exclusivos, frequentemente designados “espaços protegidos”.
Exceto no que se refere à Eliminação de Fraude, incluindo conforme exigido para qualificar impressões de acordo com as práticas padrão do setor (por exemplo, orientações do Media Ratings Council) e à Verificação Geográfica, as restantes Soluções da DoubleVerify (como por exemplo, de visualização, segurança da marca e sustentabilidade) não exigem, normalmente, o tratamento de Informações Pessoais. No entanto, há circunstâncias, como por exemplo, situações em que podemos fornecer tais Soluções a Clientes que operam “espaços protegidos”, em que esses Clientes, na qualidade de responsáveis pelo tratamento, podem exigir que a DoubleVerify trate Informações Pessoais adicionais de Utilizadores Finais ou pessoas que criem contas e conteúdos nos ambientes do Cliente. Em tal cenário, a determinação de que Dados Pessoais são tratados é feita pelos Clientes, que na sua função de responsáveis pelo tratamento também determinam, ao seu exclusivo critério, o fundamento jurídico para o tratamento dessas Informações Pessoais. Para mais informações sobre as práticas de privacidade destes Clientes, as Informações Pessoais tratadas e o fundamento jurídico aplicável ao tratamento, deve ler os avisos de privacidade ou as declarações de privacidade relevantes e aplicáveis de cada Cliente. Se contactar a DoubleVerify para perguntar sobre estes programas, podemos facultar algumas informações básicas sobre o trabalho que desenvolvemos para estes Clientes, mas recomendaremos que contacte o Cliente específico ou leia a documentação de privacidade que o mesmo disponibilize nas suas propriedades.
No âmbito de legislação como o RGPD, o fundamento jurídico da DoubleVerify para o tratamento de Informações Pessoais através das nossas Soluções é o interesse legítimo de: (i) os nossos Clientes para evitar fraudes relacionadas com anúncios e apresentar informações geograficamente precisas e em conformidade aos Utilizadores Finais, (ii) os Utilizadores Finais na receção de informações isentas de fraude e geograficamente precisas e em conformidade, e (iii) o público em geral na disponibilidade contínua de uma Internet gratuita.
A DoubleVerify participa no Quadro de Transparência e Consentimento do IAB (TCFv2.2 – ID de Fornecedor 126) e utilizamos o interesse legítimo como o nosso fundamento para recolher dados para as seguintes finalidades:
Garantir a segurança, prevenir e detetar fraudes, e corrigir erros (Finalidade Especial 1)
Disponibilizar e apresentar publicidade e conteúdos (Finalidade Especial 2)
Guardar e comunicar opções de privacidade (Finalidade Especial 3)
Medir o desempenho da publicidade (Finalidade 7)
Desenvolver e melhorar serviços (Finalidade 10)
Em cenários limitados, a entidade responsável pelo Quadro de Transparência e Consentimento do IAB na propriedade onde as Soluções da DoubleVerify funcionam pode tornar a nossa Verificação Geográfica sujeita a consentimento. Nestas situações muito limitadas, o consentimento aplicar-se-ia a:
Utilizar dados limitados para selecionar publicidade (Finalidade 2).
Medir o desempenho da publicidade (Finalidade 7).
Desenvolver e melhorar serviços (Finalidade 10).
3. Que dados recolhemos e para que finalidades?
A DoubleVerify, para realizar os seus fins comerciais de fornecer, manter e melhorar as suas Soluções, recolhe e utiliza determinadas categorias de Informações Pessoais e Informações Técnicas. As categorias de Informações Pessoais e Informações Técnicas tratadas através das Soluções DoubleVerify são descritas abaixo. Na medida em que as Informações Pessoais sejam necessárias para o funcionamento de uma ou mais funcionalidades de uma Solução da DoubleVerify, essas Informações Pessoais serão utilizadas apenas para as finalidades específicas descritas abaixo, a menos que exigido de outra forma por lei. Além disso, em algumas circunstâncias, pode ser necessário tratar as Informações Pessoais em conjunto com algumas Informações Técnicas para que as Soluções da DoubleVerify funcionem corretamente. Em tal caso, os dados combinados são considerados Informações Pessoais e protegidos em conformidade. Nunca combinamos, analisamos ou enriquecemos as Informações Pessoais e Informações Técnicas que tratamos com informações adicionais com o objetivo de identificar os Utilizadores Finais. Nunca o monitorizamos a si ou às suas atividades online em aplicações e websites ou ao longo do tempo, não confiamos em tecnologias persistentes, como cookies de terceiros e nunca criamos perfis ou grupos de audiência para visar indivíduos.
Categorias de Informações Técnicas recolhidas e utilizadas para alimentar as Soluções da DoubleVerify:
Atributos da campanha publicitária – O identificador do anunciante que apresenta um anúncio, os seus identificadores de campanha e de colocação, os identificadores do bem mediático que vende o inventário ao anunciante ou qualquer plataforma publicitária intermediária são recolhidos e tratados para identificar o Cliente que estamos a servir, para aplicar as definições corretas para o Cliente, para segmentar os relatórios do Cliente de acordo com estes identificadores e para faturar ao Cliente.
Atributos de conteúdo web – O endereço web (URL) da página/fotograma onde o anúncio está a ser apresentado, e o endereço de quaisquer páginas/fotogramas de referência são recolhidos para garantir que os anúncios são apresentados no contexto certo que o nosso Cliente definiu nas definições de perfil no nosso sistema.
Atributos da aplicação móvel – O nome da aplicação móvel, ID da aplicação móvel, loja de aplicações, programador da aplicação, classificações por estrelas da aplicação, classificação etária da aplicação e outra informação publicamente disponível sobre a aplicação móvel onde o anúncio é apresentado. Estas informações são utilizadas para garantir que os anúncios são apresentados no contexto certo que o nosso Cliente definiu nas definições de perfil no nosso sistema.
Atributos do ambiente digital – O tipo de dispositivo conectado no qual o anúncio está a ser apresentado: móvel, desktop, TV conectada ou outro dispositivo, o tipo de navegador e versão utilizados para apresentar a página onde o anúncio aparece e o sistema operativo são recolhidos para determinar qual a versão do nosso código seria executada corretamente nesse ambiente e para medir adequadamente se o anúncio teve a oportunidade de se tornar visível no ecrã de acordo com os padrões da indústria que variam entre ambientes.
Atributos de visibilidade – A localização do anúncio na página, o tamanho do anúncio, o tamanho do ecrã, o tamanho do viewport, o estado do foco do separador, o estado do foco do navegador, a duração do anúncio na parte visualizável da página web e a posição de deslocamento da página web são recolhidos para determinar e relatar aos nossos Clientes se o anúncio teve a oportunidade de se tornar visualizável no ecrã.
Atributos de exposição e envolvimento – Os dados que mostram se o anúncio foi clicado, passado, deslizado ou tocado, redimensionado, ignorado, silenciado, interrompido, rodado, o volume pautado ou alterado é recolhido para ajudar os nossos Clientes a medir o desempenho do anúncio, da campanha publicitária ou da propriedade dos meios de comunicação.
Categorias de dados recolhidos e utilizados para potenciar a Eliminação da Fraude:
Presença eletrónica pseudonimizada e identificadores de dispositivo – ou seja, endereço IP, cadeia de agentes de utilizadores ou derivados destes dois valores – são utilizados para avaliar se a presença online ou dispositivo está a participar ou associado a um esquema fraudulento.
Categorias de dados recolhidos e utilizados para potenciar a verificação geográfica:
Presença eletrónica pseudonimizada e identificadores de dispositivo – endereço IP – são recolhidos para determinar a localização geográfica a que estão associados. Cada IP está associado a um país e, dentro dos Estados Unidos, pode estar associado a informações mais específicas até ao código postal. As suas informações exatas de geolocalização nunca são recolhidas.
Em circunstâncias limitadas, alguns dos seus Clientes, por exemplo Clientes que funcionam com um(s) “espaço(s) protegido(s)” pode exigir que a DoubleVerify trate Informações Pessoais adicionais para poder disponibilizar as suas Soluções. Essas Informações Pessoais podem ser relativas a Utilizadores Finais, a pessoas que criem contas em tais “espaços protegidos” ou pessoas que criem conteúdos que sejam publicados nesses ambientes de “espaços protegidos”. Na medida em que um dos Clientes que exploram “espaços protegidos” exija que a DoubleVerify trate Informações Pessoais adicionais para poder disponibilizar determinadas Soluções, a DoubleVerify tratará essas Informações Pessoais exclusivamente com o objetivo de cumprir as suas obrigações para com o Cliente e estritamente de acordo com as instruções do Cliente, conforme necessário para explorar, manter e, quando aplicável, melhorar as Soluções. Trabalhamos diligentemente com estes Clientes para garantir que as Informações Pessoais tratadas se limitam apenas às Informações Pessoais necessárias para alcançar esses objetivos. Em circunstâncias limitadas, a nossa interação com “espaços protegidos” pode resultar na receção acidental de Informações Pessoais. A DoubleVerify trabalha diligentemente para monitorizar essas situações, para garantir que tais Informações Pessoais não são tratadas após a respetiva receção, para além da sua eliminação segura dos nossos sistemas. Uma vez que, nestes cenários, as categorias específicas de Informações Pessoais dependem da integração personalizada e das decisões do Cliente, variando de um Cliente para outro, se tiver dúvidas adicionais, recomendamos que contacte o Cliente específico ou leia a documentação de privacidade que o mesmo disponibiliza nas suas propriedades.
As Soluções não se destinam nem são direcionadas ao tratamento de Informações Pessoais de crianças. Não recolhemos intencionalmente informações pessoais de crianças, conforme esse termo é definido pela legislação aplicável pontualmente. Se for um progenitor ou tutor e acreditar que as Informações Pessoais do seu filho possam ter sido tratadas através das Soluções, contacte-nos utilizando as informações na Secção 13, “
Como contactar a DoubleVerify
”, abaixo e tomaremos as medidas necessárias para eliminar de forma segura as Informações Pessoais deles dos nossos sistemas.
4. Como utilizamos os dados que recolhemos?
A DoubleVerify apenas utiliza as Informações Técnicas e Informações Pessoais recolhidas para as finalidades descritas na Secção 3, “
Que Dados recolhemos e para Que Finalidades?
” deste Aviso de Privacidade das Soluções. Em geral, as Informações Técnicas e as suas Informações Pessoais são tratadas para fornecer relatórios, painéis, feedback e informações (“
Relatório
”) aos nossos Clientes. Os Relatórios da DV, em qualquer formato, são tornados anónimos e agregados, ou, na medida em que sejam necessárias informações de nível de impressão, cada impressão é descaracterizada para garantir que as Informações Pessoais dos Utilizadores Finais nunca são partilhadas com Clientes. Não obstante o que precede, as soluções de relatórios desenvolvidas para Clientes que funcionam como “espaços protegidos” (por exemplo, as empresas de redes sociais) e outros Clientes que dependem desses relatórios (por exemplo, empresas que fazem publicidade em feeds de redes sociais) podem incluir informações de pessoas que criem contas em tais “espaços protegidos” ou pessoas que criem conteúdos que são publicados nesses ambientes de “espaços protegidos”. Esta Secção fornece informações adicionais sobre como as Informações Técnicas e as suas Informações Pessoais são tratadas para alcançar os fins comerciais especificados na Secção 3 deste Aviso de Privacidade das Soluções.
A DoubleVerify utiliza a Informação Técnica recolhida através das Soluções, conforme especificado na Secção 3.1, das seguintes formas:
Para analisar e comunicar o contexto em que os anúncios são apresentados, a sua qualidade, autenticidade e desempenho. Especificamente, a informação que ilustra se um anúncio a ser apresentado está em conformidade com os requisitos legais e de colocação predefinidos de um Cliente, bem como com as definições de preferência que o Cliente estabeleceu no nosso sistema.
Para fornecer informações e tomar decisões preventivas sobre oportunidades de impressão. A tecnologia da DoubleVerify analisa as características dos dados de uma oportunidade de impressão e determina se o anúncio publicitário do Cliente deve ser apresentado ou não, por exemplo, determinando que o conteúdo circundante não está alinhado com a marca e as preferências do Cliente.
Para potenciar a Eliminação de Fraude, a DoubleVerify utiliza as Informações Técnicas e Informações Pessoais recolhidas através das Soluções, conforme especificado na Secção 3.1 e 3.2, para:
Para rever e identificar impressões de anúncios específicas fraudulentas por serem geradas por navegadores não humanos controlados por bots.
Para avaliar e identificar tráfego inválido, como tráfego gerado por injetores de publicidade, tráfego originado em centros de dados, tráfego mal representado, tráfego emulado e outros tipos de tráfego inválido.
Para analisar e identificar websites, aplicações móveis e de dispositivos conectados e propriedades multimédia que tenham tráfego fraudulento e/ou gerem impressões de publicidade fraudulentas.
Para identificar padrões de tráfego em websites que participam em atividade publicitária fraudulenta.
Para diferenciar entre tráfego gerado por navegadores controlados por bot, não humanos e humanos.
Para determinar se os anúncios analisados seguem os requisitos legais e preferências aplicáveis definidos pelos nossos Clientes.
Determinar se um middleware está a tentar deturpar as suas características operacionais para evitar a identificação de fraude ou outro tráfego inválido.
Determinar se o tráfego do website ou as impressões publicitárias provêm de uma quinta de servidores e não de atividades de navegação geradas por humanos.
Determinar se o tráfego está a ser adquirido através de práticas fraudulentas ou outras práticas de aquisição de tráfego que não cumpram as orientações ou preferências de um Cliente.
Para criar registos de endereços IP e cadeias de agentes de utilizador associados a esquemas fraudulentos e tráfego gerado não humano (“Tabelas de Fraude”). Uma vez que esses pontos de dados estão associados a interações não humanas, não constituem Informações Pessoais.
Para potenciar a Verificação Geográfica, a DoubleVerify utiliza as Informações Técnicas e Informações Pessoais recolhidas através das Soluções, conforme especificado na Secção 3.3, para:
Avaliar a alto nível (país, estado, região ou, no caso de residentes nos EUA, código postal) a localização geográfica do Utilizador Final e verificar se o Utilizador Final está localizado nas definições de campanha ou de tráfego do Cliente.
Na medida em que um dos Clientes que exploram “espaços protegidos” exija que a DoubleVerify trate Informações Pessoais adicionais para poder disponibilizar determinadas Soluções, a DoubleVerify tratará essas Informações Pessoais exclusivamente com o objetivo de cumprir as suas obrigações para com o Cliente e estritamente de acordo com as instruções do Cliente, conforme necessário para explorar, manter e, quando aplicável, melhorar as Soluções. Em caso de quaisquer dúvidas, recomendamos que contacte o Cliente individual ou leia a documentação sobre privacidade que o Cliente disponibilize nas suas propriedades.
5. Como e a quem divulgamos dados?
A DoubleVerify não divulga Informações Pessoais a terceiros, exceto conforme estritamente necessário para os nossos fins comerciais para operar, manter e melhorar as nossas Soluções. Na medida em que partilhamos voluntariamente quaisquer Informações Pessoais, garantimos que as mesmas são protegidas pelos destinatários de forma consistente com as nossas próprias políticas e normas.
Podemos partilhar as suas Informações Pessoais com:
Prestadores de Serviços – empresas que contratamos para nos fornecer serviços, tais como TI e administração de sistemas, infraestruturas e serviços de alojamento, investigação e análise, apoio e garantia de qualidade, segurança e outros serviços, para os fins e de acordo com o fundamento jurídico acima descrito acima. Pode solicitar uma lista dos nossos Prestadores de Serviços, que Informações Pessoais recebem e para que finalidades contactando-nos. Para mais informações, consulte a Secção 13 “
Como Contactar a DoubleVerify
” do presente Aviso de Privacidade das Soluções.
Afiliadas – tal como uma empresa-mãe, empresas irmãs, subsidiárias, joint ventures ou outras empresas sob controlo comum, na medida do necessário para operar, manter e melhorar as nossas Soluções. Pode solicitar uma lista das nossas Afiliadas, que Informações Pessoais recebem e para que finalidades contactando-nos. Para mais informações, consulte a Secção 13 “
Como Contactar a DoubleVerify
” do presente Aviso de Privacidade das Soluções.
Terceiros contratados pelos nossos Clientes – para apoiar os nossos Clientes, podemos integrar as nossas Soluções com outras ferramentas e serviços contratados pelos nossos Clientes para fornecer serviços melhorados e capacidades de comunicação. Em nenhuma circunstância recebemos dados destas integrações que permitam à DoubleVerify enriquecer os nossos dados e identificar os Utilizadores Finais. Em situações limitados, podemos partilhar informações de nível de impressão com empresas contratadas pelos nossos Clientes para realizar pesquisas sobre a eficácia de marketing. Em circunstâncias limitadas, os nossos Clientes podem instruir-nos a partilhar certas Informações Pessoais necessárias para ativar a funcionalidade de um produto ou serviço não gerido pela DoubleVerify.
Terceiros envolvidos numa Transação Empresarial – no caso de a DoubleVerify ser adquirido ou fundida com outra empresa, ou no caso de uma reorganização, dissolução ou outra alteração empresarial fundamental.
Podemos ser legalmente obrigados a divulgar as suas Informações Pessoais:
(a) Se uma entidade governamental, tribunal, agência reguladora ou de aplicação da lei exigir tal divulgação (por exemplo, como parte de uma investigação em curso, intimação, processo ou procedimento legal semelhante);
(b) Conforme exigido de outra forma por qualquer lei, regulamento ou regra aplicável; e
(c) Se acreditarmos, de boa-fé, que essa divulgação é necessária para proteger ou defender os nossos direitos ou os direitos de outros, para auxiliar numa investigação ou para impedir atividades ilegais.
As Tabelas de Fraude e outros relatórios relacionados com a Eliminação de Fraude, alimentação de dados, APIs e gráficos que não contenham Informações Pessoais podem ser partilhados ou disponibilizados a Clientes e outros terceiros, incluindo, por exemplo, organizações do setor, conforme necessário para a DoubleVerify realizar os seus fins comerciais de fornecer, manter e melhorar a parte da Eliminação de Fraude das nossas Soluções e combater a fraude de anúncios.
Não partilhamos os seus Dados Pessoais com os nossos Clientes. Quaisquer relatórios e análises que disponibilizamos aos Clientes através do nosso Portal de Relatórios são anónimos, o que significa que não contêm Informações Pessoais. Os relatórios são geralmente agregados, mas em circunstâncias limitadas o nível de impressão é fornecido aos nossos Clientes, através de pontos finais de FTP ou APIs, desde que esses relatórios não contenham quaisquer Informações Pessoais. Podemos partilhar Informações Técnicas, que são anónimas, em formatos agregados ou na sua forma bruta, com terceiros, conforme considerarmos necessário para realizar os nossos fins comerciais de fornecer, manter e melhorar as Soluções. Além disso, podemos partilhar dados anónimos ou anonimizados numa base agregada no curso normal da operação da nossa atividade; por exemplo, publicar estudos de caso e relatórios para mostrar tendências sobre os benefícios e desempenho das nossas Soluções.
Para evitar dúvidas, a DoubleVerify não divulga Informações Pessoais a entidades que funcionam como uma “empresa” ou um “terceiro” ao abrigo de leis como a CCPA.
6. Durante quanto tempo mantemos Informações Pessoais?
A DoubleVerify retém quaisquer Informações Pessoais tratadas através das suas Soluções apenas pelo tempo necessário para concretizar as finalidades descritas neste Aviso de Privacidade das Soluções e, em caso algum, por mais de quarenta e cinco (45) dias. Uma vez expirado esse período, as Informações Pessoais são removidas em segurança dos sistemas da DoubleVerify.
As Tabelas de Fraude podem ser retidas indefinidamente para garantir a funcionalidade adequada da Solução de Eliminação de Fraude.
A Informação Técnica, por ser de natureza anónima, pode ser retida pela DoubleVerify indefinidamente ou enquanto estiver previsto nas políticas da DoubleVerify e permitido pelas leis aplicáveis e nos contratos da DoubleVerify com os seus Clientes.
7. Como são protegidas as Informações Pessoais?
A DoubleVerify implementou medidas técnicas, físicas e organizacionais apropriadas, concebidas para proteger as Informações Pessoais contra destruição acidental ou ilegal ou perda acidental, dano, alteração, divulgação ou acesso não autorizado, bem como todas as outras formas de tratamento ilegal. Embora sigamos as normas geralmente aceites e as melhores práticas para proteger a Informação Pessoal, nenhum método de armazenamento ou transmissão é 100% seguro. No entanto, estamos constantemente a trabalhar para melhorar as nossas salvaguardas e manter os seus Dados Pessoais seguros.
8. Como é que as Informações Pessoais são transferidas internacionalmente?
Tenha em atenção que as Informações Pessoais que recolhemos podem ser transferidas para e mantidas em servidores ou bases de dados localizados fora do seu estado, província, país ou outra jurisdição. Embora as suas Informações Pessoais possam ser transmitidas através de um centro de dados local temporário para garantir que as Soluções são eficientes e reativas, a DoubleVerify armazena, em última instância, todas as Informações Pessoais recolhidas através das Soluções nos Estados Unidos. Como empresa global, temos escritórios nos Estados Unidos, Reino Unido, França, Bélgica, Finlândia, Alemanha, Israel, Canadá, México, Brasil, Japão, Índia, Singapura e Austrália. Os nossos funcionários nestes locais podem ser obrigados a aceder às suas Informações Pessoais para apoiar as nossas Soluções. O nível de proteção de dados estabelecido em alguns destes locais, como os Estados Unidos, pode ser inferior ao estabelecido na União Europeia ou noutras jurisdições que tenham promulgado leis e regulamentos fortes em termos de privacidade.
Tomamos medidas para garantir que as suas Informações Pessoais são armazenadas em segurança connosco, cumprindo os requisitos regulamentares de privacidade e segurança impostos às empresas na União Europeia. Garantimos também que qualquer outro destinatário das suas Informações Pessoais oferece um nível adequado de proteção e segurança, por exemplo, ao celebrar os acordos back-to-back adequados e, se necessário, cláusulas contratuais-tipo ou um mecanismo alternativo para a transferência de dados, conforme aprovado pela Comissão Europeia ou outro regulador aplicável. As práticas de privacidade da DoubleVerify, descritas neste Aviso de Privacidade, cumprem as Regras de Privacidade Transfronteiriça (RPT) da APEC e o sistema de Reconhecimento de Privacidade para Subcontratantes (PRP). O sistema CBPR da APEC e o sistema PRP da APEC fornecem estruturas para as organizações garantirem a proteção de informações pessoais transferidas entre as economias participantes da APEC. Mais informações sobre os quadros da APEC podem ser encontradas
aqui
. Se tiver alguma dúvida sobre onde armazenamos as Informações Pessoais, pode contactar-nos conforme descrito na Secção 13 “
Como contactar a DoubleVerify
” deste Aviso Global de Privacidade.
Além disso, a DoubleVerify Inc., bem como as suas subsidiárias Outrigger Media, Inc. d/b/a OpenSlate, Scibids Technology Inc., Zentrick Inc. (“DoubleVerify”), cumprem o Quadro de Privacidade de Dados UE-EUA (DPF UE-EUA), a Extensão do Reino Unido ao DPF UE-EUA, e o Quadro de Privacidade de Dados Suíça-EUA (DPF Suíça-EUA) conforme estabelecido pelo Departamento do Comércio dos EUA. A DoubleVerify certificou ao Departamento do Comércio do EUA que cumpre os Princípios do Quadro de Privacidade de Dados UE-EUA (Princípios do DPF UE-EUA) relativamente ao tratamento de dados pessoais recebidos da União Europeia no âmbito do DPF UE-EUA, bem como do Reino Unido (e Gibraltar), ao abrigo da Extensão do Reino Unido ao DPF UE-EUA. A DoubleVerify certificou ao Departamento do Comércio dos EUA que cumpre os Princípios do Quadro de Privacidade de Dados Suíça-EUA (Princípios do DPF Suíça-EUA) relativamente ao tratamento de dados pessoais recebidos da Suíça com base no DPF Suíça-EUA. Em caso de conflito entre os termos da presente política de privacidade e os Princípios do DPF UE-EUA e/ou os Princípios do DPF Suíça-EUA, os Princípios irão prevalecer. Para saber mais sobre o programa do Quadro de Privacidade de Dados (Data Privacy Framework, DPF) e para ver a nossa certificação, visite https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/.
A DoubleVerify é responsável pelo tratamento dos dados pessoais que recebe, ao abrigo do DPF, e transfere posteriormente para um terceiro que atua como agente em seu nome. A DoubleVerify cumpre os Princípios do DPF para todas as transferências subsequentes de dados pessoais a partir da UE, Reino Unido e Suíça, incluindo as disposições relativas à responsabilidade por tais transferências subsequentes.
A Comissão Federal do Comércio tem jurisdição sobre a conformidade da DoubleVerify com o DPF UE-EUA, a Extensão do Reino Unido ao DPF UE-EUA e o DPF Suíça-EUA. Em determinadas situações, a DoubleVerify pode ter de divulgar dados pessoais em resposta a pedidos lícitos de autoridades públicas, incluindo para cumprir requisitos em matéria de segurança nacional ou aplicação da lei.
Em conformidade com o DPF UE-EUA, a Extensão do Reino Unido ao DPF UE-EUA e o DPF Suíça-EUA, a DoubleVerify compromete-se a encaminhar reclamações não resolvidas sobre o nosso tratamento de dados pessoais recebidos no âmbito do DPF UE-EUA, da Extensão do Reino Unido ao DPF UE-EUA e do DPF Suíça-EUA, à TRUSTe, um fornecedor alternativo de serviços de resolução de litígios sediado nos Estados Unidos. Se não receber o nosso aviso de receção atempado da sua reclamação relacionada com os Princípios do DPF, ou se considerar que não resolvemos a sua reclamação relacionada com os Princípios do DPF de forma satisfatória, visite https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request para obter mais informações ou para apresentar uma reclamação. Estes serviços de resolução de litígios são-lhe disponibilizados sem custos.
Para reclamações relativas ao cumprimento do DPF, que não tenham sido resolvidas por quaisquer outros mecanismos do DPF, tem a possibilidade, sob determinadas condições, de invocar arbitragem vinculativa. Estão disponíveis informações adicionais no website oficial do DPF.
9. Quais são os seus direitos?
Os Utilizadores Finais em determinadas jurisdições podem ter direitos de titular de dados que lhes permitem efetuar pedidos relacionados com as suas Informações Pessoais. A maioria das jurisdições também fornece aos Utilizadores Finais o direito de serem informados sobre como quaisquer Informações Pessoais são recolhidas, utilizadas e com quem podem ter sido partilhadas ou divulgadas, bem como para que finalidades. O Aviso de Privacidade da DoubleVerify destina-se a cumprir tais requisitos, mas se tiver quaisquer questões adicionais ou pretender compreender melhor como as suas Informações Pessoais podem ter sido recolhidas, utilizadas ou com quem podem ter sido partilhadas ou divulgadas, contacte-nos utilizando a Secção 13 “
Como contactar a DoubleVerify
” abaixo.
Os residentes do Espaço Económico Europeu (EEE), do Reino Unido, da Suíça ou da Califórnia, entre outros, têm vários direitos ao abrigo das leis e regulamentos de privacidade aplicáveis, como por exemplo, o RGPD e a CCPA. Para exercer estes direitos, pode utilizar
este Formulário
ou contactar-nos utilizando a Secção 13 “
Como contactar a DoubleVerify
” abaixo. De acordo com determinadas leis e regulamentos, como a CCPA, pode também designar um agente autorizado para enviar um pedido ou exercer um direito em seu nome. Não discriminaremos nem exerceremos qualquer tipo de retaliação contra si pelo exercício dos seus direitos.
Estes direitos são:
O direito de aceder a quaisquer Informações Pessoais que possamos ter sobre si, incluindo informações sobre as categorias e os elementos específicos das Informações Pessoais.
O direito de corrigir quaisquer Informações Pessoais imprecisas que possamos ter sobre si. Tenha em atenção que, devido à natureza das Informações Pessoais que recolhemos e ao método de recolha, é altamente improvável que mantenhamos Informações Pessoais que sejam imprecisas ou que cumpram as circunstâncias que exigem uma correção.
O direito de solicitar que a DoubleVerify elimine quaisquer Informações Pessoais que possamos ter sobre si.
O direito de solicitar que o tratamento de Informações Pessoais sobre si seja suspenso ou restringido por um período de tempo, por exemplo, enquanto avalia se tem outros direitos que gostaria de exercer.
Na medida em que as suas Informações Pessoais sejam tratadas com base num interesse legítimo, tem o direito de se opor a tal tratamento.
Na medida em que as suas Informações Pessoais sejam tratadas com base no seu consentimento, a retirar esse consentimento através do Quadro de Transparência e Consentimento do IAB Europe.
Na medida do possível, satisfazemos qualquer pedido relacionado com um Utilizador Final, desde que possamos associar o Utilizador Final às Informações Pessoais que mantemos nos nossos sistemas. No entanto, em determinadas circunstâncias, podemos ser obrigados a verificar a sua identidade para satisfazer um pedido. Para verificar a sua identidade ou compreender o âmbito do seu pedido, poderemos ter de solicitar informações adicionais sobre si. Não lhe será pedido que crie uma conta connosco para submeter um pedido ou que o mesmo seja cumprido. Terá de fornecer um endereço de e-mail para que possamos comunicar consigo e apoiar o seu pedido, bem como qualquer informação que possamos precisar para nos permitir verificar se mantemos quaisquer Informações Pessoais sobre si. Por favor, tenha em atenção que podem existir circunstâncias que nos poderão impossibilitar de satisfazer o seu pedido, mas se não conseguirmos satisfazer o seu pedido, explicaremos porquê. Na medida em que não tenhamos qualquer Informação Pessoal sobre si, informá-lo-emos. Envidamos todos os esforços para responder a todas as questões e pedidos assim que razoavelmente possível, mas aguarde até trinta (30) dias para respondermos.
Na medida em que a DoubleVerify sirva como “subcontratante”, “contratante” ou “prestador de serviços”, conforme definido na lei aplicável, poderá ter de encaminhar os seus pedidos para exercer os seus direitos ao Cliente relevante que atua como “responsável pelo tratamento” ou “empresa”.
10. Divulgações adicionais
Certas leis e regulamentos de privacidade, tais como a CCPA, exigem que as empresas divulguem se vendem Informações Pessoais. A DoubleVerify não divulga Informações Pessoais de forma a constituir uma “venda” ou “partilha” ao abrigo das leis da Califórnia, da Virgínia, do Nevada, ou leis semelhantes.
11. A DoubleVerify utiliza Inteligência Artificial?
A DoubleVerify utiliza Inteligência Artificial (“AI”) a vários níveis e de várias formas em toda a organização. Embora a DoubleVerify utilize tecnologias de IA, não praticamos a “tomada de decisões automatizadas”, conforme definida pelas leis e regulamentos de privacidade aplicáveis.
12. Lei aplicável
Na medida do aplicável e do permitido pelas leis e regulamentos aplicáveis, este Aviso de Privacidade de Soluções é regido e interpretado de acordo com as leis internas do estado do Delaware, e a jurisdição e o foro de qualquer litígio serão em Delaware.
13. Atualizamos este Aviso de Privacidade das Soluções?
Podemos atualizar este Aviso de Privacidade das Soluções periodicamente para refletir alterações nas nossas Soluções, práticas, políticas ou outras alterações internas ou externas, bem como para cumprir novos requisitos legais. Quaisquer alterações serão publicadas assim que entrarem em vigor. Se fizermos atualizações, atualizaremos a “data de entrada em vigor” indicada na parte superior deste Aviso de Privacidade das Soluções para ajudá-lo a entender quando as alterações foram feitas. Para se manter informado sobre tais atualizações, recomendamos que consulte regularmente este Aviso de Privacidade das Soluções. Tenha em atenção que qualquer tradução deste Aviso de Privacidade das Soluções se destina apenas a facilitar o seu acesso a esta informação. A versão inglesa é a única versão oficial deste Aviso de Privacidade das Soluções e quaisquer incorreções ou discrepâncias na tradução não são vinculativas e não têm qualquer efeito legal para fins de conformidade ou aplicação.
14. Como é que pode contactar a DoubleVerify?
Caso tenha quaisquer dúvidas, preocupações ou comentários sobre este Aviso de Privacidade das Soluções, ou se acreditar que as suas Informações Pessoais foram utilizadas de uma forma não consistente com o Aviso de Privacidade ou as suas escolhas, pode contactar a nossa Equipa de Privacidade em:
Informações de contacto do Responsável de Privacidade / Encarregado da Proteção de Dados (Equipa de Privacidade)
DoubleVerify Inc.
462 Broadway
New York, NY 10013
privacy-policy@doubleverify.com
Se tiver uma questão de privacidade ou utilização de dados não resolvida que não tenhamos tratado de forma satisfatória, contacte o nosso fornecedor de resolução de litígios de terceiros (gratuitamente) nos EUA em
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
. Estamos empenhados em alcançar uma resolução justa de qualquer reclamação ou preocupação que possa ter sobre a sua privacidade ou este Aviso de Privacidade das Soluções. No entanto, se acreditar que não conseguimos ajudá-lo, nada neste Aviso de Privacidade das Soluções limita ou tenta limitar os seus direitos ao abrigo das leis aplicáveis, incluindo a sua capacidade, dependendo do seu país de residência, de apresentar uma reclamação junto da sua Autoridade de Proteção de Dados local ou outra agência com jurisdição sobre questões relacionadas com a privacidade.
Data intrării în vigoare: 28 iunie 2024
Prezentare generală
DoubleVerify, Inc., împreună cu filialele sale de la nivel mondial (denumite colectiv „
DoubleVerify
”, „
noi
”, „
nouă
” sau „
al nostru
”) este liderul industriei în asigurarea transparenței și răspunderii publicitare online. DoubleVerify utilizează diverse tehnologii pentru a colecta informații despre publicitatea online, traficul pe site, traficul aplicațiilor mobile și traficul dispozitivelor conectate, pentru a furniza produse și soluții de transparență și responsabilitate publicitară (denumite colectiv „
Soluțiile
”). Această notificare privind confidențialitatea („
Notificarea privind
confidențialitatea soluțiilor
”) explică cine suntem, modul în care colectăm, utilizăm și partajăm informațiile cu caracter personal prin intermediul Soluțiilor noastre, precum și modul în care vă puteți exercita drepturile privind confidențialitatea.
Dacă doriți mai multe informații despre modul în care DoubleVerify prelucrează Informațiile cu caracter personal colectate de pe site-urile noastre web dedicate publicului, vă rugăm să consultați
Notificarea privind confidențialitatea pentru site-uri web și marketing
.
Dacă utilizați Soluțiile DoubleVerify și doriți mai multe informații despre modul în care DoubleVerify prelucrează Informațiile cu caracter personal colectate prin intermediul instrumentelor noastre de raportare, vă rugăm să consultați
Notificarea privind confidențialitatea pentru instrumentele de raportare
.
Link-uri rapide
Vă recomandăm să citiți integral această Notificare privind confidențialitatea soluțiilor pentru a vă asigura că sunteți informat(ă) pe deplin. Cu toate acestea, pentru a vă fi mai ușor să găsiți și să examinați părți specifice din cadrul Notificării privind confidențialitatea soluțiilor, am împărțit-o în următoarele secțiuni:
Cine este DoubleVerify?
Care sunt rolul nostru, obiectivele și temeiul juridic al Prelucrării?
Ce date colectăm și în ce scopuri?
Cum utilizăm datele pe care le colectăm?
Cum și cui divulgăm date?
Cât timp păstrăm Informațiile cu caracter personal?
Cum sunt securizate Informațiile cu caracter personal?
Cum sunt transferate la nivel internațional Informațiile cu caracter personal?
Care sunt drepturile dvs.?
Dezvăluiri suplimentare
Utilizează DoubleVerify Inteligența artificială?
Legislația aplicabilă
Actualizăm această Notificare privind confidențialitatea soluțiilor?
Cum puteți contacta DoubleVerify?
1. Cine este DoubleVerify?
Platformele acreditate DoubleVerify oferă măsurători media digitale independente, date și analize despre lansarea impresiilor publicitare (sau „reclame”) și traficul pe site, pentru a ajuta agenții de publicitate, agențiile și vânzătorii de inventar publicitar (denumiți colectiv „
Clienții
”) să confirme caracteristicile corecte de livrare, inclusiv siguranța mărcii, indicatorii de vizibilitate, parametrii contextuali și de mediu (de exemplu, site-ul pe care apare o reclamă și unde apare pe pagina web), impresia publicitară și caracteristicile privind calitatea traficului pe site și să ofere informații care să le permită Clienților noștri să ia decizii informate cu privire la plasarea creativității și mărcii lor.
Credem în asigurarea unor măsuri puternice de protecție a confidențialității oricărei persoane ale cărei informații este posibil să le prelucrăm în orice calitate – deoarece considerăm că această confidențialitate reprezintă un drept fundamental și nu un lucru care să depindă de locul în care ați putea locui. Pentru a respecta acest principiu, tratăm orice date care sunt aferente sau sunt legate de o persoană identificată sau identificabilă drept „Informații cu caracter personal”, indiferent de locația persoanei respective. În ceea ce privește Soluțiile noastre, DoubleVerify limitează orice informație pe care o colectăm la informații care nu permit identificarea unei persoane fără informații suplimentare. Un exemplu, DoubleVerify prelucrează adresa Protocolului dvs. de Internet („IP”), care este un număr atribuit automat unui computer atunci când este utilizat Internetul. Deși DoubleVerify tratează astfel de informații ca Informații cu caracter personal, în conformitate cu cele mai bune practici și cu legile aplicabile, nu combinăm niciodată aceste informații cu orice alte date care ne-ar permite să identificăm persoana la care se referă.
Această Notificare privind confidențialitate soluțiilor („Notificarea privind confidențialitatea soluțiilor”) are scopul de a informa persoanele ale căror date pot fi prelucrate prin intermediul Soluțiilor noastre („
Utilizatorul(Utilizatorii) final(finali)
” sau „
dvs.
” și „
al dvs.
” despre: (1) tipurile de informații pe care DoubleVerify le poate colecta despre dvs. sau dispozitivul dvs. atunci când o reclamă analizată de noi vă este transmisă pe un site pe care îl vizualizați sau într-o aplicație pe care o utilizați, (2) practicile noastre privind confidențialitatea, modul nostru de utilizare, partajare și altfel prelucrare a informațiilor care sunt considerate Informații cu caracter personal și (3) care sunt drepturile dvs. cu privire la aceste Informații cu caracter personal. Această Notificare privind confidențialitatea soluțiilor explică, de asemenea, ce informații fără caracter personal („
Informații tehnice
”) colectăm despre reclamele pe care le urmărim și modul în care utilizăm respectivele Informații tehnice pentru a ne alimenta Soluțiile.
2. Care sunt rolul nostru, obiectivele și temeiul juridic al Prelucrării?
Soluțiile DoubleVerify pentru identificarea și eliminarea fraudei („
Eliminarea fraudei
”) și verificarea conformității geografice („
Verificarea geografică
”) necesită prelucrarea Informațiilor cu caracter personal. Cu excepția circumstanțelor limitate prezentate mai jos, în sensul legilor și reglementărilor, cum ar fi Regulamentul general privind protecția datelor („
RGPD
”), DoubleVerify operează Eliminarea fraudei în calitate de „operator” și Verificarea geografică în calitate de „persoană împuternicită de operator”. În ceea ce privește Legea privind confidențialitatea consumatorilor din California („
CCPA
”) și alte cadre de reglementare aplicabile la nivel de stat american, desemnarea noastră poate varia în funcție de relația specifică cu fiecare Client. Întrucât Informațiile cu caracter personal pe care le prelucrăm sunt colectate de tehnologia noastră și „puse la dispoziția” noastră de către Clienții noștri, în general acționăm în calitate de „operator” în temeiul CCPA sau în calitate de „persoană împuternicită de operator” în temeiul altor legi și cadre de reglementare aplicabile la nivel de stat american. Fără a aduce atingere celor de mai sus, în circumstanțe limitate în care Informațiile cu caracter personal sunt partajate cu DoubleVerify prin integrări personalizate și alte mijloace non-standard, de exemplu atunci când aceste Informații cu caracter personal sunt colectate și furnizate de un Client pentru analiza DoubleVerify, putem fi considerați o „persoană împuternicită de operator” sau un „furnizor de servicii” în temeiul CCPA. Acest scenariu este cel mai frecvent întâlnit în parteneriatele noastre cu Clienții rețelelor de socializare și alți Clienți care operează medii proprietare, adesea denumite „grădini cu ziduri”.
Exceptând Eliminarea fraudei, inclusiv după cum se impune pentru a califica impresiile în conformitate cu practicile standard din domeniu (de ex., liniile directoare ale Media Rating Council (Consiliul de evaluare media)) și Verificarea geografică, celelalte soluții DoubleVerify (cum ar fi vizibilitatea, siguranța mărcii și adecvarea) nu necesită, în general, prelucrarea Informațiilor cu caracter personal. Cu toate acestea, există circumstanțe, cum ar fi cazuri în care putem oferi astfel de Soluții Clienților care acționează ca „grădini cu ziduri”, în care acești Clienți, în rolul lor de operatori de date, pot solicita DoubleVerify să prelucreze Informații cu caracter personal suplimentare ale Utilizatorilor finali sau ale persoanelor care creează conturi și publică conținut în mediile Clientului. În orice astfel de scenariu, determinarea cu privire la ce Date cu caracter personal sunt prelucrate este realizată de Clienți, care în rolul lor de operatori de date determină, la propria lor discreție, și temeiul juridic al prelucrării acestor Informații cu caracter personal. Pentru informații suplimentare despre practicile de confidențialitate ale acestor Clienți, Informațiile cu caracter personal prelucrate și temeiul juridic aplicabil al prelucrării, ar trebui să examinați notificarea sau declarațiile de confidențialitate relevante și aplicabile ale fiecărui Client. În cazul în care contactați DoubleVerify pentru a întreba despre aceste programe, vă putem oferi câteva informații de bază despre munca pe care o depunem pentru acești Clienți, dar vă vom recomanda să contactați Clientul individual sau să examinați documentația de confidențialitate pe care acesta o pune la dispoziție pe proprietățile sale.
Întrucât face referire la legislație, temeiul juridic al DoubleVerify pentru prelucrarea Informațiilor cu caracter personal prin intermediul Soluțiilor noastre este interesul legitim al: (i) Clienților noștri de a evita frauda legată de publicitate și de a prezenta Utilizatorilor finali informații corecte și conforme din punct de vedere geografic, (ii) Utilizatorilor finali care primesc informații fără fraude și corecte și conforme din punct de vedere geografic și (iii) publicului larg în ceea ce privește disponibilitatea continuă a unui internet gratuit.
DoubleVerify participă la Cadrul IAB de transparență și consimțământ (TCFv2.2 – ID Furnizor 126), utilizând interesul legitim ca temei pentru colectarea datelor în următoarele scopuri:
Asigurarea securității, prevenirea și detectarea fraudei și remedierea erorilor (Scopul special 1)
Furnizarea și prezentarea publicității și a conținutului (Scopul special 2)
Salvarea și comunicarea opțiunilor de confidențialitate (Scopul special 3)
Măsurare și performanță (Scopul 7)
Dezvoltarea și îmbunătățirea serviciilor (Scopul 10)
În scenarii limitate, entitatea responsabilă de Cadrul IAB de transparență și consimțământ din imobilul unde funcționează Soluțiile DoubleVerify pot condiționa activitatea noastră de Verificare geografică de obținerea consimțământului. În aceste situații foarte limitate, consimțământul s-ar aplica pentru:
Utilizarea unei cantități limitate de date pentru a alege publicitatea (Scopul 2)
Măsurare și performanță (Scopul 7)
Dezvoltarea și îmbunătățirea serviciilor (Scopul 10)
3. Ce date colectăm și în ce scopuri?
Să-și verifice de două ori scopurile de afaceri pentru furnizarea, menținerea și îmbunătățirea Soluțiilor sale colectează și utilizează anumite categorii de Informații cu caracter personal și Informații tehnice. Categoriile de informații cu caracter personal și informații tehnice prelucrate prin intermediul Soluțiilor DoubleVerify sunt prezentate mai jos. În măsura în care Datele cu caracter personal sunt necesare pentru funcționarea uneia sau mai multor caracteristici ale unei Soluții DoubleVerify, aceste Informații cu caracter personal vor fi utilizate numai în scopurile specifice prezentate mai jos, cu excepția cazului în care legea impune altfel. În plus, în anumite circumstanțe, poate fi necesară prelucrarea Informațiilor cu caracter personal împreună cu unele Informații tehnice pentru soluțiile DoubleVerify pentru a funcționa corespunzător. În orice astfel de scenarii, datele combinate sunt considerate informații cu caracter personal și sunt protejate în consecință. Nu combinăm, analizăm sau îmbogățim niciodată Informațiile cu caracter personal și Informațiile tehnice pe care le prelucrăm cu informații suplimentare, cu scopul de a identifica Utilizatorii finali. Nu urmărim niciodată activitățile dvs. online pe aplicații și site-uri web sau în timp, nu ne bazăm pe tehnologii persistente, cum ar fi modulele cookie terțe, și nu creăm niciodată profiluri sau grupuri de audiență pentru a direcționa persoane.
Categorii de informații tehnice colectate și utilizate pentru alimentarea cu energie a soluțiilor DoubleVerify:
Atributele campaniei de publicitate – Identificatorul agentului de publicitate care livrează o reclamă, identificatorii campaniei și ai amplasării sale, identificatorii proprietății media care vinde inventarul către agentul de publicitate sau orice platformă de publicitate intermediară sunt colectate și prelucrate pentru a identifica Clientul pe care îl efectuăm service-ul, pentru a aplica setările corecte pentru Client, pentru a segmenta rapoartele Clientului în conformitate cu aceste identificatori și pentru a factura Clientul.
Atributele conținutului web – Adresa web (URL) a paginii/cadrului către care este livrată reclama, iar adresa paginilor/cadrelor de referință este colectată pentru a asigura livrarea reclamelor în contextul corect pe care Clientul nostru l-a stabilit în setările de profil din sistemul nostru.
Atributele aplicației mobile – Numele aplicației mobile, ID-ul aplicației mobile, magazinul de aplicații, dezvoltatorul aplicației, punctajele pe stele ale aplicației, clasificarea de vârstă a aplicației și alte informații disponibile public despre aplicația mobilă către care este livrată publicitatea. Aceste informații sunt utilizate pentru a ne asigura că reclamele sunt livrate în contextul corect pe care Clientul nostru l-a setat în setările de profil din sistemul nostru.
Atributele digitale ale mediului – Tipul de dispozitiv conectat care face publicitatea este livrat către: mobil, desktop, TV conectat sau alt dispozitiv, tipul de browser și versiunea utilizate pentru a reda pagina în care apare anunțul și sistemul de operare sunt colectate pentru a determina ce versiune a codului nostru funcționează corect în mediul respectiv și pentru a măsura în mod corespunzător dacă anunțul a avut șansa de a deveni vizibil pe ecran în conformitate cu standardele din industrie care variază între medii.
Atributele de vizibilitate – Locația reclamei pe pagină, dimensiunea anunțului, dimensiunea ecranului, dimensiunea portului de vizualizare, starea focalizării filei, starea focalizării browserului, durata anunțului au fost în partea vizibilă a paginii web și poziția de derulare a paginii web sunt colectate pentru a determina și raporta către Clienții noștri dacă anunțul a avut șansa de a fi vizualizat pe ecran.
Atributele de expunere și de implicare – Datele care arată dacă reclama a fost făcută clic, glisată, atinsă sau redimensionată, redimensionată, întreruptă, oprită temporar, rotită, întreruptă sau schimbată volumul sunt colectate pentru a ajuta Clienții să măsoare performanța anunțului publicitar, a campaniei publicitare sau a proprietății media.
Categorii de date colectate și utilizate pentru stimularea Eliminării fraudei:
Prezența electronică pseudonimă și identificatorii dispozitivului – adică adresa IP, șir de agent de utilizator sau derivate ale acestor două valori – sunt utilizați pentru a evalua dacă prezența online sau dispozitivul participă sau sunt asociate cu o schemă frauduloasă.
Categoriile de date colectate și utilizate pentru Verificarea geografică:
Prezența electronică pseudonimă și identificatorii dispozitivului – adresa IP – sunt colectați pentru a determina locația geografică cu care sunt asociați. Fiecare IP este asociat cu o țară și, în Statele Unite, poate fi asociat cu informații mai specifice până la codul poștal. Nu se colectează niciodată informații cu privire la locația dvs. geografică exactă.
În circumstanțe limitate, unii dintre Clienții DoubleVerify, de ex. Clienții care acționează ca o „grădină cu ziduri”, îi pot solicita să prelucreze Informații cu caracter personal suplimentare pentru a permite Soluțiile. Astfel de Informații cu caracter personal suplimentare se pot referi la Utilizatorii finali, la persoane care creează conturi în astfel de „grădini cu ziduri” sau persoane care creează conținut care este publicat în astfel de medii de „grădini cu ziduri”. În măsura în care i se solicită DoubleVerify de către unul dintre Clienții săi care acționează ca „grădini cu ziduri” să prelucreze Informații cu caracter personal suplimentare pentru a permite anumite Soluții, DoubleVerify va prelucra aceste Informații cu caracter personal exclusiv în scopul îndeplinirii obligațiilor sale față de Client și strict în conformitate cu instrucțiunile Clientului, așa cum sunt necesare pentru operarea, întreținerea și, acolo unde este cazul, îmbunătățirea Soluțiilor. Lucrăm cu diligență cu acești Clienți pentru a ne asigura că Informațiile cu caracter personal prelucrate sunt limitate doar la Informațiile cu caracter personal necesare pentru atingerea acestor scopuri. În circumstanțe limitate, interacțiunea noastră cu „grădinile cu ziduri” poate avea ca rezultat primirea accidentală a unor Informații cu caracter personal. DoubleVerify ia măsuri pentru a monitoriza orice astfel de cazuri pentru a se asigura că astfel de Informații cu caracter personal nu sunt prelucrate în afara primirii, cu excepția scopului de a le elimina din sistemele noastre. Deoarece în aceste scenarii categoriile specifice de Informații cu caracter personal depind de integrarea personalizată și de deciziile Clientului și variază de la Client la Client, dacă aveți întrebări suplimentare, vă recomandăm să contactați Clientul individual sau să examinați documentația de confidențialitate pe care acesta o pune la dispoziție pe proprietățile sale.
Soluțiile nu sunt destinate sau direcționate către prelucrarea informațiilor cu caracter personal ale copiilor. Nu colectăm cu bună știință Informații cu caracter personal de la copii, deoarece un astfel de termen este definit de legile aplicabile din când în când. Dacă sunteți un părinte sau tutore și considerați că este posibil ca Informațiile cu caracter personal ale copilului dvs. să fi fost prelucrate prin intermediul Soluțiilor, vă rugăm să ne contactați utilizând informațiile din Secțiunea 13 „
Cum să contactați DoubleVerify
” de mai jos și vom lua măsuri pentru a șterge în siguranță Informațiile lor cu caracter personal din sistemele noastre.
4. Cum utilizăm datele pe care le colectăm?
DoubleVerify utilizează numai Informațiile tehnice și Datele cu caracter personal colectate în scopurile prezentate la Secțiunea 3, „
Ce Date colectăm și în ce Scopuri?
” din această Notificare privind confidențialitatea soluțiilor. În general, Informațiile tehnice și Informațiile dvs. cu caracter personal sunt prelucrate pentru a furniza Clienților noștri rapoarte, tablouri de bord, feedback și informații („
Raportare
”). Raportarea DV, în orice format, este anonimizată și agregată sau, în măsura în care sunt necesare informații privind nivelul de impresie, fiecare impresie este de-identificată pentru a se asigura că Informațiile dvs. cu caracter personal nu sunt niciodată partajate cu Clienții. Fără a aduce atingere celor de mai sus, raportarea creată pentru Clienții care acționează ca „grădini cu ziduri” (de exemplu, companiile de rețele de socializare) și alți Clienți care se bazează pe astfel de raportări (de exemplu, companiile care fac reclamă pe fluxurile rețelelor de socializare) poate include informații despre persoane care creează conturi în astfel de „grădini cu ziduri” sau persoane care creează conținut care este publicat în astfel de medii de „grădini cu ziduri”. Această Secțiune oferă informații suplimentare despre modul în care Informațiile tehnice și Informațiile dvs. cu caracter personal sunt prelucrate pentru a îndeplini scopurile comerciale specificate în Secțiunea 3 a acestei Notificări privind confidențialitatea soluțiilor.
DoubleVerify utilizează Informațiile tehnice colectate prin intermediul Soluțiilor, conform specificațiilor din Secțiunea 3.1, în următoarele moduri:
Pentru a analiza și a raporta contextul în care sunt afișate reclamele, calitatea, autenticitatea și performanța acestora. Mai precis, informațiile care ilustrează dacă o reclamă afișată este în conformitate cu cerințele legale și de plasare prestabilite ale Clientului, precum și cu setările de preferințe pe care Clientul le-a stabilit în sistemul nostru.
Pentru a oferi perspective și a lua decizii preemptive cu privire la oportunitățile de impresie. Tehnologia DoubleVerify analizează caracteristicile datelor referitoare la o oportunitate de impresie și determină dacă publicitatea Clientului ar trebui să fie afișată sau nu, de exemplu, stabilind dacă conținutul înconjurător nu se aliniază cu brandingul și preferințele Clientului respectiv.
Pentru a facilita Eliminarea fraudei, DoubleVerify utilizează Informațiile tehnice și Informațiile cu caracter personal colectate prin intermediul Soluțiilor, după cum se specifică la secțiunile 3.1 și 3.2:
Pentru a revizui și a identifica impresiile publicitare specifice care sunt frauduloase din cauza faptului că sunt generate de browsere non-umane, controlate de bot.
Pentru a evalua și identifica traficul nevalid, cum ar fi traficul generat de injectoarele publicitare, traficul provenit din centrele de date, traficul denaturat, traficul emulat și alte tipuri de trafic nevalid.
Pentru a analiza și identifica site-urile web, aplicațiile dispozitivelor mobile și conectate și proprietățile media care au trafic fraudulos și/sau pentru a genera impresii publicitare frauduloase.
Pentru a identifica modelele de trafic de pe site-urile web care participă la activități de publicitate frauduloase.
Pentru a diferenția traficul generat de browserele non-umane și cele non-umane, controlate prin bot.
Pentru a stabili dacă anunțurile publicitare sunt analizate, respectați cerințele legale aplicabile și preferințele stabilite de Clienții noștri.
Stabiliți dacă un middleware încearcă să denatureze caracteristicile sale de funcționare pentru a preveni identificarea unei fraude sau a unui alt trafic nevalid.
Stabiliți dacă traficul pe site-ul web sau impresiile publicitare provin de la o fermă de servere, și nu de la o activitate de navigare generată de oameni.
Determinați dacă traficul este obținut prin practici frauduloase sau prin alte practici de achiziție a traficului care nu sunt conforme cu instrucțiunile sau preferințele unui Client.
Pentru a crea înregistrări ale adreselor IP și ale șirurilor de agenți ai utilizatorilor asociate cu scheme frauduloase și trafic generat non-uman („Tabele de fraudă”). Deoarece aceste puncte de date sunt asociate cu interacțiunile non-umane, acestea nu constituie informații cu caracter personal.
DoubleVerify, pentru a realiza Verificarea geografică, utilizează Informațiile tehnice și Informațiile cu caracter personal colectate prin intermediul Soluțiilor, după cum se specifică la Secțiunea 3.3, pentru:
Evaluați la nivel înalt (țară, stat, regiune sau, pentru rezidenții din SUA, cod poștal) locația geografică a Utilizatorului final și verificați dacă Utilizatorul final se află în cadrul campaniei sau în setările de trafic ale Clientului.
În măsura în care i se solicită DoubleVerify de către unul dintre Clienții săi care acționează ca „grădini cu ziduri” să prelucreze Informații cu caracter personal suplimentare pentru a permite anumite Soluții, DoubleVerify va prelucra aceste Informații cu caracter personal exclusiv în scopul îndeplinirii obligațiilor sale față de Client și strict în conformitate cu instrucțiunile Clientului, așa cum sunt necesare pentru operarea, întreținerea și, acolo unde este cazul, îmbunătățirea Soluțiilor. Dacă aveți întrebări, vă recomandăm să contactați Clientul individual sau să examinați documentația de confidențialitate pe care acesta o pune la dispoziție pe proprietățile sale.
5. Cum și cui divulgăm date?
DoubleVerify nu divulgă Informații cu caracter personal către terțe părți, cu excepția cazului în care acest lucru este strict necesar în scopurile noastre de afaceri pentru a opera, întreține și îmbunătăți Soluțiile noastre. În măsura în care partajăm în mod voluntar orice informații cu caracter personal, ne asigurăm că acestea sunt protejate de către destinatari într-un mod care respectă propriile noastre politici și standarde.
Putem partaja informațiile dvs. cu caracter personal cu:
Furnizori de servicii – companiile pe care le-am contractat pentru a ne furniza servicii precum IT și administrarea sistemului, infrastructura și serviciile de găzduire, cercetare și analiză, asistență și asigurarea calității, securitate și alte servicii, în scopurile și în conformitate cu temeiul juridic descris mai sus. Puteți solicita o listă a Furnizorilor noștri de servicii, ce Informații cu caracter personal primesc și în ce scopuri, contactându-ne. Puteți afla informații de contact în Secțiunea 13 „
Cum să contactați DoubleVerify
” din această Notificare privind confidențialitatea soluțiilor.
Afiliați – cum ar fi societatea mamă, companiile soră, filialele, asocierile în participațiune sau alte companii aflate sub control comun, în măsura necesară pentru operarea, întreținerea și îmbunătățirea Soluțiilor noastre. Puteți solicita o listă a Afiliaților noștri, ce Informații cu caracter personal primesc și în ce scopuri, contactându-ne. Puteți afla informații de contact în Secțiunea 13 „
Cum să contactați DoubleVerify
” din această Notificare privind confidențialitatea soluțiilor.
Terții angajați de Clienții noștri – pentru a ne sprijini Clienții, putem integra Soluțiile noastre cu alte instrumente și servicii angajate de Clienții noștri pentru a furniza servicii și capacități de raportare îmbunătățite. În niciun caz nu primim date de la aceste integrări care permit DoubleVerify să ne îmbogățească datele și să identifice Utilizatorii finali. În scenarii limitate, putem partaja informații privind nivelul de impresie cu companiile angajate de Clienții noștri pentru a efectua cercetări privind eficiența marketingului. În circumstanțe limitate, Clienții noștri ne pot instrui să partajăm anumite Informații cu caracter personal necesare pentru a activa funcționalitatea unui produs sau serviciu care nu este gestionat de DoubleVerify.
Terții implicați într-o tranzacție corporativă – în cazul în care DoubleVerify este achiziționat sau fuzionat cu o altă companie sau în cazul unei reorganizări, dizolvări sau alte schimbări fundamentale ale corporației.
Este posibil să avem obligația legală de a divulga informațiile dvs. cu caracter personal:
(a) Dacă o entitate guvernamentală, un tribunal, o autoritate de aplicare a legii sau o agenție de reglementare solicită o astfel de divulgare (de exemplu, ca parte a unei investigații, citații, unui proces sau unei proceduri similare);
(b) După cum se prevede în alt mod în temeiul oricărei legi, reglementări sau norme aplicabile; și
(c) În cazul în care considerăm, cu bună credință, că o astfel de divulgare este necesară pentru a ne proteja sau a ne apăra drepturile sau drepturile altora, pentru a ajuta la o investigație sau pentru a preveni o activitate ilegală.
Tabelele privind fraudele și alte rapoarte legate de Eliminarea fraudei, fluxuri de date, API-uri și tablouri de bord asociate cu eliminarea fraudei care nu conțin informații cu caracter personal pot fi partajate sau puse la dispoziția clienților și a altor terți, inclusiv, de exemplu, organizații din industrie, după cum este necesar pentru ca DoubleVerify să își desfășoare activitatea în scopul furnizării, menținerii și îmbunătățirii porțiunii privind Eliminarea fraudei din cadrul Soluțiilor noastre și pentru combaterea fraudei.
Nu partajăm informațiile dvs. cu caracter personal cu clienții noștri. Orice rapoarte și analize pe care le punem la dispoziția Clienților prin intermediul Portalului nostru de raportare sunt anonime, ceea ce înseamnă că nu conțin Informații cu caracter personal. Rapoartele sunt, în general, agregate, dar în circumstanțe limitate, raportarea nivelului de impresie este furnizată Clienților noștri, prin intermediul punctelor finale FTP sau API, cu condiția ca aceste rapoarte să nu conțină Informații cu caracter personal. Putem partaja cu terții informațiile tehnice anonime, în format agregat sau în formă brută, după cum considerăm necesar pentru a ne îndeplini scopurile de afaceri de a furniza, menține și îmbunătăți Soluțiile. În plus, putem partaja date anonime sau anonimizate în mod agregat în desfășurarea normală a activității noastre; de exemplu, pentru a publica studii de caz și rapoarte care să arate tendințe cu privire la beneficiile și performanța Soluțiilor noastre.
Pentru a evita ambiguitatea, DoubleVerify nu face dezvăluiri de Informații cu caracter personal către entități care își desfășoară activitatea în calitate de „companie” sau „terță parte” în temeiul unor legi precum CCPA.
6. Cât timp păstrăm Informațiile cu caracter personal?
DoubleVerify păstrează orice Informații cu caracter personal prelucrate prin intermediul Soluțiilor sale numai atât timp cât este necesar pentru a realiza scopurile prezentate în această Notificare privind confidențialitatea soluțiilor și în niciun caz mai mult de patruzeci și cinci (45) de zile. La expirarea acestei perioade, Informațiile cu caracter personal sunt eliminate în siguranță din sistemele DoubleVerify.
Tabelele de fraudă pot fi păstrate pe o perioadă nedeterminată pentru a asigura funcționarea corectă a Soluției pentru Eliminarea fraudei.
Informațiile tehnice, fiind anonime, pot fi păstrate de DoubleVerify pe o perioadă nedeterminată sau atât timp cât acest lucru este prevăzut de politicile DoubleVerify și permis de legile aplicabile și de contractele DoubleVerify cu Clienții săi.
7. Cum sunt securizate Informațiile cu caracter personal?
DoubleVerify a implementat măsuri tehnice, fizice și organizatorice adecvate, menite să protejeze Informațiile cu caracter personal împotriva distrugerii accidentale sau ilegale sau împotriva pierderii, deteriorării, modificării, divulgării sau accesului neautorizat, precum și împotriva tuturor formelor de prelucrare ilegală. Deși respectăm standardele general acceptate și cele mai bune practici pentru a proteja Informațiile cu caracter personal, nicio metodă de stocare sau de transmitere nu este 100% sigură. Cu toate acestea, depunem eforturi constante pentru a ne îmbunătăți măsurile de protecție și a vă păstra Informațiile cu caracter personal în siguranță.
8. Cum sunt transferate la nivel internațional Informațiile cu caracter personal?
Vă rugăm să rețineți că Informațiile cu caracter personal pe care le colectăm pot fi transferate și păstrate pe servere sau baze de date aflate în afara statului, provinciei, țării sau în altă jurisdicție. Deși Informațiile dvs. cu caracter personal pot fi transmise printr-un centru de date temporar local, pentru a ne asigura că Soluțiile sunt eficiente și receptive, DoubleVerify stochează în cele din urmă toate Informațiile cu caracter personal colectate prin intermediul Soluțiilor în Statele Unite. În calitate de companie globală, avem sedii în Statele Unite, Regatul Unit, Franța, Belgia, Finlanda, Germania, Israel, Canada, Mexic, Brazilia, Japonia, India, Singapore și Australia. Angajații noștri din aceste locații pot fi obligați să acceseze Informațiile dvs. cu caracter personal pentru a susține Soluțiile noastre. Nivelul de protecție a datelor stabilit în unele dintre aceste locații, cum ar fi Statele Unite, poate fi mai mic decât cel stabilit în Uniunea Europeană sau în alte jurisdicții care au adoptat legi și reglementări solide privind confidențialitatea.
Luăm măsuri pentru a ne asigura că Informațiile dvs. cu caracter personal sunt stocate în siguranță la noi, respectând cerințele de reglementare privind confidențialitatea și securitatea impuse companiilor din Uniunea Europeană. De asemenea, ne asigurăm că orice destinatar al Informațiilor dvs. cu caracter personal oferă un nivel adecvat de protecție și securitate, de exemplu, prin încheierea de acorduri justificative adecvate și, dacă este necesar, de clauze contractuale standard sau un mecanism alternativ pentru transferul datelor, așa cum este aprobat de Comisia Europeană sau de alt organism de reglementare aplicabil. Practicile de confidențialitate DoubleVerify descrise în această Notificare privind confidențialitatea respectă Sistemul APEC al Regulilor de confidențialitate transfrontalieră (CBPR) și Sistemul de recunoaștere a confidențialității pentru persoanele împuternicite de operatorul de date (PRP). Sistemul APEC CBPR și sistemul APEC PRP oferă cadre pentru ca organizațiile să asigure protecția informațiilor cu caracter personal transferate între economiile APEC participante. Mai multe informații despre cadrele APEC pot fi găsite aici
aici
. Dacă aveți întrebări cu privire la locul în care stocăm Informațiile cu caracter personal, ne puteți contacta astfel cum este descris în Secțiunea 13 „
Cum să contactați DoubleVerify
” din această Notificare globală privind confidențialitatea.
În plus, DoubleVerify Inc. și filialele sale Outrigger Media, Inc. care își desfășoară activitatea sub numele de OpenSlate, Scibids Technology Inc., Zentrick Inc. („DoubleVerify”) respectă Cadrul UE-S.U.A. privind confidențialitatea datelor (CCD UE-S.U.A.), Extensia UK la CCD UE-S.U.A. și Cadrul Elveția-S.U.A. privind confidențialitatea datelor (CCD Elveția-S.U.A.) după cum este prevăzut de Departamentul de Comerț al S.U.A. DoubleVerify a certificat în fața Departamentului de Comerț al S.U.A. că aderă la Principiile Cadrului UE-S.U.A. privind confidențialitatea datelor (Principiile CCD UE-S.U.A.) în ceea ce privește prelucrarea datelor cu caracter personal primite din Uniunea Europeană bazându-se pe CCD UE-S.U.A. și din Marea Britanie (și Gibraltar) în temeiul Extensiei UK la CCD UE-S.U.A. DoubleVerify a certificat în fața Departamentului de Comerț al S.U.A. că aderă la Principiile Cadrului Elveția-S.U.A. privind confidențialitatea datelor (Principiile CCD Elveția-S.U.A.) în ceea ce privește prelucrarea datelor cu caracter personal primite din Elveția bazându-se pe CCD Elveția-S.U.A. Dacă intervine vreun conflict între termenii din această politică de confidențialitate și Principiile CCD UE-S.U.A. și/sau Principiile CCD Elveția-S.U.A., Principiile vor prevala. Pentru a afla mai multe despre programul Cadrului privind confidențialitatea datelor (CCD) și pentru a vedea certificarea noastră, vă rugăm să accesați https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/.
DoubleVerify este responsabilă de prelucrarea datelor cu caracter personal pe care le primește, în temeiul CCD, și le transferă ulterior către o terță parte care acționează în calitate de agent în numele său. DoubleVerify respectă Principiile CCD pentru toate transferurile ulterioare de date cu caracter personal din UE, UK și Elveția, inclusiv prevederile privind răspunderea pentru transferul ulterior.
Comisia Federală pentru Comerț are jurisdicție asupra respectării de către DoubleVerify a CCD UE-S.U.A., a Extensiei UK la CCD UE-S.U.A. și a CCD Elveția-S.U.A. În cadrul anumitor soluții, DoubleVerify poate fi nevoită să divulge date cu caracter personal ca răspuns la solicitări legale din partea autorităților publice, inclusiv pentru a respecta cerințele privind securitatea națională sau aplicarea legii.
În conformitate cu CCD UE-S.U.A., Extensia UK la CCD UE-S.U.A. și CCD Elveția-S.U.A., DoubleVerify se angajează să înainteze plângerile nerezolvate care vizează gestionarea datelor cu caracter personal primite bazându-se pe CCD UE-S.U.A., Extensia UK la CCD UE-S.U.A. și CCD Elveția-S.U.A. către TRUSTe, un furnizor de servicii de soluționare alternativă a litigiilor cu sediul în Statele Unite. Dacă nu primiți o confirmare în timp util a plângerii dvs. referitoare la Principiile CCD din partea noastră sau dacă nu am abordat plângerea dvs. referitoare la Principiile CCD spre satisfacția dvs., vă rugăm să accesați https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request pentru mai multe informații sau pentru a depune o plângere. Aceste servicii de soluționare a litigiilor vă sunt furnizate cu titlu gratuit.
Pentru plângeri privind respectarea CCD care nu au fost rezolvate prin niciunul dintre celelalte mecanisme CCD, aveți posibilitatea, în anumite condiții, să recurgeți la arbitraj obligatoriu. Mai multe informații se regăsesc pe site-ul web CCD oficial.
9. Care sunt drepturile dvs.?
Utilizatorii finali din anumite jurisdicții pot avea drepturi de persoane vizate, care le permit să înainteze solicitări cu privire la Informațiile lor cu caracter personal. Majoritatea jurisdicțiilor oferă, de asemenea, Utilizatorilor finali dreptul de a fi informați cu privire la modul în care Informațiile cu caracter personal sunt colectate, utilizate și cu cine este posibil să fi fost partajate sau dezvăluite, precum și în ce scopuri. Notificarea privind confidențialitatea soluțiilor DoubleVerify are scopul de a îndeplini orice astfel de cerințe, dar dacă aveți întrebări suplimentare sau dacă doriți să înțelegeți mai bine modul în care Informațiile dvs. cu caracter personal au fost colectate, utilizate sau cu cine este posibil să fi fost partajate sau dezvăluite și de ce, vă rugăm să ne contactați utilizând Secțiunea 13 „
Cum să contactați DoubleVerify
” de mai jos.
Rezidenții din Spațiul Economic European, Marea Britanie, Elveția sau California, printre alții, au mai multe drepturi în temeiul legilor și regulamentelor aplicabile în materie de confidențialitate, cum ar fi în temeiul RGPD și al CCPA. Pentru a vă exercita aceste drepturi, puteți utiliza
acest Formular
sau ne puteți contacta utilizând Secțiunea 13 „
Cum să contactați DoubleVerify
” de mai jos. În conformitate cu anumite legi și reglementări, cum ar fi CCPA, puteți desemna, de asemenea, un agent autorizat pentru a depune o cerere sau pentru a exercita un drept în numele dvs. Nu vom discrimina și nu vom recurge la represalii împotriva dvs. pentru exercitarea drepturilor dvs.
Aceste drepturi sunt:
Dreptul de a accesa orice Informații cu caracter personal pe care le putem deține despre dvs., inclusiv informații despre categorii și despre anumite Informații cu caracter personal specifice.
Dreptul de a corecta orice Informații cu caracter personal incorecte pe care le putem deține despre dvs. Vă rugăm să rețineți că, datorită naturii Informațiilor cu caracter personal pe care le colectăm și a metodei de colectare, este foarte puțin probabil să păstrăm Informații cu caracter personal care sunt incorecte sau care ar putea îndeplini circumstanțele care necesită o corectare.
Dreptul de a solicita ca DoubleVerify să șteargă orice Informații cu caracter personal pe care le putem deține despre dvs.
Dreptul de a solicita ca prelucrarea Informațiilor cu caracter personal despre dvs. să fie suspendată sau restricționată pentru o perioadă de timp, de exemplu, în timp ce dvs. evaluați dacă aveți alte drepturi pe care doriți să le exercitați.
În măsura în care Informațiile dvs. cu caracter personal sunt prelucrate pe baza unui interes legitim, aveți dreptul de a vă opune prelucrării respective.
În măsura în care Informațiile dvs. cu caracter personal sunt prelucrate pe baza consimțământului dvs., să vă retrageți consimțământul respectiv prin intermediul Cadrului IAB Europe de transparență și consimțământ.
În măsura maximă posibilă, îndeplinim orice solicitare referitoare la un Utilizator final, cu condiția să putem asocia Utilizatorul final cu Informațiile cu caracter personal pe care le deținem în sistemele noastre. Cu toate acestea, în anumite circumstanțe este posibil să fim obligați să vă verificăm identitatea pentru a vă îndeplini o solicitare. Pentru a vă verifica identitatea sau pentru a înțelege domeniul de aplicare al solicitării dvs., este posibil să avem nevoie de informații suplimentare despre dvs. Nu vi se va solicita să creați un cont la noi pentru a trimite o solicitare sau pentru ca aceasta să fie îndeplinită. Va trebui să furnizați o adresă de e-mail, astfel încât să putem comunica cu dvs. și să vă îndeplinim solicitarea, precum și orice informații de care este posibil să avem nevoie pentru a ne permite să verificăm dacă deținem orice Informații cu caracter personal despre dvs. Vă rugăm să rețineți că pot exista circumstanțe datorită cărora nu vom putea îndeplini solicitarea dvs., însă, dacă nu vom fi capabili să vă îndeplinim solicitarea, vă vom explica motivul. În măsura în care nu deținem nicio Informație cu caracter personal despre dvs., vă vom informa. Luăm toate măsurile pentru a răspunde la toate întrebările și solicitările cât mai curând posibil în mod rezonabil, dar vă rugăm să ne acordați până la treizeci (30) de zile pentru a răspunde.
În măsura în care DoubleVerify are calitatea de „persoană împuternicită de operator”, „operator” sau „furnizor de servicii”, astfel cum este definită în legislația aplicabilă, este posibil să fie necesar să direcționați solicitările dvs. de a vă exercita drepturile către Clientul relevant care are calitatea de „operator” sau „companie”.
10. Dezvăluiri suplimentare
Anumite legi și reglementări privind confidențialitatea, cum ar fi CCPA, impun companiilor să dezvăluie dacă vând Informații cu caracter personal. DoubleVerify nu divulgă Informații cu caracter personal într-un mod care ar constitui o „vânzare” sau o „partajare” în conformitate cu legile statelor California, Virginia, Nevada și altele asemenea.
11. Utilizează DoubleVerify Inteligența artificială?
DoubleVerify utilizează Inteligența artificială („AI”) în diferite capacități și moduri în cadrul organizației. Deși DoubleVerify utilizează tehnologii AI, nu ne angajăm într-un „proces automat de luare a deciziilor”, așa cum este definit de legile și reglementările de confidențialitate aplicabile.
12. Legislația aplicabilă
În măsura aplicabilă și permisă de legile și regulamentele aplicabile, această Notificare privind confidențialitatea soluțiilor este reglementată și interpretată în conformitate cu legile interne ale statului Delaware, iar jurisdicția și locația pentru orice dispută vor fi în Delaware.
13. Actualizăm această Notificare privind confidențialitatea soluțiilor?
Putem actualiza periodic această Notificare privind confidențialitatea soluțiilor pentru a reflecta modificările aduse Soluțiilor, practicilor, politicilor noastre sau alte modificări interne sau externe, precum și pentru a respecta noile cerințe legale. Orice modificări vor fi publicate imediat ce intră în vigoare. Dacă efectuăm actualizări, vom actualiza „data intrării în vigoare” menționată în partea de sus a acestei Notificări privind confidențialitatea soluțiilor, pentru a vă ajuta să înțelegeți când au fost efectuate modificările. Pentru a fi la curent cu orice astfel de actualizări, vă încurajăm să consultați periodic această Notificare privind confidențialitatea soluțiilor. Vă rugăm să rețineți că orice traducere a acestei Notificări privind confidențialitatea soluțiilor are scopul exclusiv de a vă facilita accesul la aceste informații. Versiunea în limba engleză este singura versiune oficială a acestei Notificări privind confidențialitatea soluțiilor și orice inadvertențe sau discrepanțe nu sunt angajante și nu au niciun efect juridic în scopuri de conformitate sau executare.
14. Cum puteți contacta DoubleVerify?
Dacă aveți întrebări, preocupări sau comentarii despre această Notificare privind confidențialitatea soluțiilor sau în cazul în care considerați că Informațiile dvs. cu caracter personal au fost utilizate într-un mod care nu respectă Notificarea privind confidențialitatea sau alegerile dvs., puteți contacta Echipa noastră de confidențialitate la:
Informații de contact pentru Responsabilul cu confidențialitatea / Responsabilul cu protecția datelor (Echipa responsabilă de confidențialitate)
DoubleVerify Inc.
462 Broadway
New York, NY 10013
privacy-policy@doubleverify.com
Dacă aveți o preocupare nerezolvată privind confidențialitatea sau utilizarea datelor, pe care nu am abordat-o în mod satisfăcător, vă rugăm să contactați furnizorul nostru terț de servicii de soluționare a litigiilor (gratuit) din SUA la
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
. Ne-am angajat să rezolvăm corect orice reclamație sau preocupare pe care o puteți avea cu privire la confidențialitatea dvs. sau la această Notificare privind confidențialitatea soluțiilor. Cu toate acestea, în cazul în care considerați că nu v-am putut oferi asistență, nicio prevedere din această Notificare privind confidențialitatea soluțiilor nu limitează sau nu încearcă să vă limiteze drepturile în temeiul legilor aplicabile, inclusiv capacitatea dvs., în funcție de țara dvs. de reședință, de a depune o plângere la Autoritatea dvs. locală pentru protecția datelor sau la altă agenție cu jurisdicție în materie de confidențialitate.
Дата вступления в силу: 28 июня 2024 г.
Обзор
Компания DoubleVerify, Inc. и ее дочерние компании по всему миру (далее совместно именуемые
«DoubleVerify»,
«
мы
», «
нас
» или «
наш
») является лидером отрасли в обеспечении прозрачности и ответственности в онлайн-рекламе. Компания DoubleVerify использует различные технологии для сбора информации об онлайн-рекламе, трафике на веб-сайтах, трафике в мобильных приложениях и трафике в подключенных устройствах с целью предоставления продуктов и решений, обеспечивающих прозрачность и ответственность рекламы (далее совместно — «
Решения
»). В настоящем уведомлении о конфиденциальности («
Уведомление о конфиденциальности
Решений
») объясняется, кем мы являемся, как мы собираем, используем и передаем персональную информацию через наши Решения, а также как вы можете реализовать свои права на конфиденциальность.
Если вы хотите получить дополнительную информацию о том, как DoubleVerify обрабатывает Персональную информацию, собранную на наших общедоступных веб-сайтах, посетите страницу нашего
Уведомления о конфиденциальности веб-сайтов и маркетинга
.
Если вы используете Решения DoubleVerify и хотите получить дополнительную информацию о том, как DoubleVerify обрабатывает Персональную информацию, собранную с помощью наших инструментов отчетности, посетите страницу нашего
Уведомления о конфиденциальности инструментов отчетности
.
Быстрые ссылки
Мы рекомендуем вам полностью ознакомиться с настоящим Уведомлением о конфиденциальности Решений, чтобы убедиться, что вы в полной мере проинформированы. Тем не менее, чтобы облегчить вам поиск и просмотр определенных частей настоящего Уведомления о конфиденциальности Решений, мы разделили его на следующие разделы:
О компании DoubleVerify
Какова наша роль, цели и правовая основа Обработки данных?
Какие данные мы собираем и для каких целей?
Как мы используем собираемые нами данные?
Как и кому мы раскрываем данные?
Как долго мы храним Персональную информацию?
Как обеспечивается защита Персональной информации?
Как осуществляется международная передача Персональной информации?
Каковы ваши права?
Раскрытие дополнительной информации
Использует ли компания DoubleVerify искусственный интеллект?
Регулирующее законодательство
Обновляем ли мы настоящее Уведомление о конфиденциальности Решений?
Как связаться с компанией DoubleVerify?
1. О компании DoubleVerify
Аккредитованные платформы компании DoubleVerify позволяют выполнять независимое измерение цифровых СМИ, а также анализировать данные и информацию о показах рекламы и трафике на веб-сайтах, чтобы помогать рекламодателям, агентствам и продавцам рекламного инвентаря (далее совместно — «
Клиенты
») подтверждать точные характеристики доставки, включая безопасность бренда, показатели просматриваемости, контекстуальные параметры и параметры внешней среды (например, веб-сайт, на котором появляется реклама, и место, где она появляется на веб-странице), характеристики качества показа рекламы и трафика на веб-сайте, а также предоставлять информацию, которая позволит нашим Клиентам принимать обоснованные решения о размещении их творческих идей и бренда.
Мы привержены надежной защите конфиденциальности данных любого лица, чью информацию мы можем обрабатывать в любом качестве, поскольку мы считаем, что конфиденциальность является фундаментальным правом, а не чем-то, что зависит от того, где вы живете. Чтобы придерживаться этого принципа, мы рассматриваем любые данные, которые относятся или связаны с идентифицированным или идентифицируемым лицом, как «Персональную информацию», независимо от местоположения этого лица. Что касается наших Решений, DoubleVerify ограничивает любую собираемую нами информацию сведениями, которые не позволяют идентифицировать физическое лицо без дополнительной информации. Например, DoubleVerify обрабатывает ваш адрес Интернет-протокола («IP»), который представляет собой номер, автоматически присваиваемый компьютеру при использовании Интернета. Хотя DoubleVerify относится к такой информации как к Персональной информации, в соответствии с передовыми практиками и применимым законодательством мы никогда не объединяем эту информацию с любыми другими данными, которые позволят нам идентифицировать лицо, к которому она относится.
Данное Уведомление о конфиденциальности Решений предназначено для информирования лиц, чьи данные могут обрабатываться с помощью наших Решений («
Конечные пользователи
» или «
вы
» и «
ваш
»): (1) о типах информации, которую компания DoubleVerify может собирать о вас или вашем устройстве, когда анализируемая нами реклама доставляется вам на веб-сайте, который вы просматриваете, или в приложении, которое вы используете; (2) о наших методах обеспечения конфиденциальности, о том, как мы можем использовать, делиться и иным образом обрабатывать информацию, которая считается Персональной информацией; (3) о ваших правах в отношении такой Персональной информации. В настоящем Уведомлении о конфиденциальности Решений также объясняется, какую неперсональную информацию («
Техническая информация
») мы собираем о рекламных объявлениях, которые мы отслеживаем, и о том, как мы используем эту техническую информацию для управления нашими Решениями.
2. Какова наша роль, цели и правовая основа Обработки данных?
Обработка Персональной информации требуется для Решений DoubleVerify по выявлению и устранению мошенничества («
Устранение мошенничества
») и проверки соответствия требованиям в отношении географического региона («
Проверка географического региона
»). За исключением ограниченных обстоятельств, указанных ниже, в отношении законов и нормативных актов, таких как Общий регламент по защите данных («
GDPR
»), компания DoubleVerify осуществляет Устранение мошенничества в качестве «оператора», а Проверку географического региона — в качестве «обработчика». Что касается Закона штата Калифорния о защите неприкосновенности частной жизни потребителей («
CCPA
») и других нормативных документов США, наше обозначение может варьироваться в зависимости от конкретных отношений с каждым Клиентом. Поскольку сбор Персональной информации, которую мы обрабатываем, осуществляется с помощью наших технологий и ее «предоставляют» нам наши Клиенты, мы обычно действуем в качестве «подрядчика» в соответствии с CCPA или в качестве «обработчика» в соответствии с другими законами и нормативными требованиями США.  Несмотря на вышесказанное, в ограниченных случаях, когда Персональная информация предоставляется DoubleVerify посредством специально разработанной интеграции и других нестандартных средств, например, когда такая Персональная информация собирается и предоставляется Клиентом для анализа DoubleVerify, мы можем считаться «обработчиком» или «поставщиком услуг» в соответствии с CCPA.  Этот сценарий наиболее распространен среди наших партнерских отношений с Клиентами из социальных сетей и другими Клиентами, которые работают в собственных средах, часто называемых «закрытыми экосистемами».
За исключением Устранения мошенничества, в том числе в соответствии со стандартными отраслевыми практиками (например, руководящими принципами Совета по оценке СМИ) и Проверкой географического региона, другие Решения DoubleVerify (такие как видимость, безопасность бренда и пригодность) обычно не требуют обработки Персональной информации. Однако существуют обстоятельства, такие как случаи возможного предоставления подобных Решений работающим с «закрытыми экосистемами» Клиентам, когда такие Клиенты, выступающие в качестве контролеров, могут потребовать от DoubleVerify обработки дополнительной Персональной информации Конечных пользователей или лиц, создающих учетные записи и контент в среде Клиента. В любом таком случае решение о том, какую Персональную информацию обрабатывать, принимают Клиенты, которые в своей роли операторов также определяют (по их собственному усмотрению) правовые основания для обработки такой Персональной информации. Для получения дополнительной информации о методах обеспечения конфиденциальности данных Клиентов, обрабатываемой Персональной информации и применимых правовых основаниях для обработки вам следует ознакомиться с соответствующими применимыми уведомлениями или заявлениями о конфиденциальности каждого Клиента. Если вы обратитесь в компанию DoubleVerify для получения информации об этих программах, мы можем предоставить вам некоторую общую информацию о работе, которую мы выполняем для этих Клиентов, но мы рекомендуем вам связаться с конкретными Клиентами или ознакомиться с документацией о конфиденциальности, которую они предоставляют на своих ресурсах.
Поскольку это связано с такими законами, как GDPR, правовые основания для обработки Персональной информации компанией DoubleVerify с помощью наших Решений являются законные интересы: (i) наших Клиентов, заключающихся в необходимости избегать мошенничества, связанного с рекламой, и представлять Конечным пользователям географически точную и соответствующую требованиям информацию; (ii) Конечных пользователей получать честную, географически точную и соответствующую требованиям информацию; (iii) широкой общественности в постоянной доступности бесплатного Интернета.
DoubleVerify участвует в Системе обеспечения прозрачности и предоставления Бюро Интернет-рекламы (Internet Advertising Bureau, IAB) (TCFv2.2 – Vendor ID 126), и мы используем законный интерес в качестве основы для сбора данных для следующих целей:
Обеспечение безопасности, предотвращение и выявление мошенничества и исправление ошибок (Особая цель 1)
Предоставление и демонстрация рекламы и контента (Особая цель 2)
Сохранение и доведение до сведения вариантов выбора в отношении конфиденциальности (Особая цель 3)
Измерение эффективности рекламы (Цель 7)
Разработка и совершенствование услуг (Цель 10)
В ограниченных случаях организация, отвечающая за Систему обеспечения прозрачности и предоставления IAB Europe на территории, в которой работают Решения DoubleVerify, может предоставить согласие на проведение Проверки географического региона. В этих очень ограниченных случаях согласие будет применяться к следующему:
Использование ограниченных данных для выбора рекламы (Цель 2)
Измерение эффективности рекламы (Цель 7)
Разработка и совершенствование услуг (Цель 10)
3. Какие данные мы собираем и для каких целей?
Для достижения своих деловых целей по предоставлению, поддержанию и совершенствованию своих Решений компания DoubleVerify собирает и использует определенные категории Персональной информации и Технической информации. Категории Персональной информации и Технической информации, обрабатываемые с помощью Решений DoubleVerify, приведены ниже. Если Персональная информация необходима для работы одной или нескольких функций Решения DoubleVerify, такая Персональная информация будет использоваться только для конкретных целей, указанных ниже, если иное не требуется по закону. Кроме того, в некоторых случаях для надлежащего функционирования Решений DoubleVerify может потребоваться обработка Персональной информации в сочетании с некоторой Технической информацией. В любых подобных ситуациях объединенные данные считаются Персональной информацией и защищаются соответствующим образом. Мы никогда не объединяем, не анализируем и не обогащаем Персональную информацию и Техническую информацию, которые мы обрабатываем, дополнительной информацией с целью идентификации Конечных пользователей. Мы никогда не отслеживаем ваши действия в Интернете через приложения и веб-сайты или с течением времени, мы не используем технологии постоянного хранения, такие как сторонние файлы cookie, и мы никогда не создаем профили или группы аудитории для целевого воздействия на отдельных лиц.
Категории Технической информации, собираемой и используемой для обеспечения работы Решений DoubleVerify:
Атрибуты рекламной кампании: мы собираем и обрабатываем идентификатор рекламодателя, который доставляет рекламу, идентификаторы кампании и размещения, идентификаторы медиа-среды, продающей ресурсы рекламодателю или любой рекламной платформе-посреднику, для идентификации Клиента, которого мы обслуживаем, для применения правильных настроек для Клиента, для сегментирования отчетов Клиента в соответствии с этими идентификаторами и выставления счетов Клиенту.
Атрибуты веб-контента: мы собираем веб-адрес (URL) страницы/фрейма, на которые доставляется реклама, а также адрес любых направляющих страниц/фреймов для обеспечения того, чтобы реклама доставлялась в правильном контексте, установленном нашим Клиентом в настройках профиля в нашей системе.
Атрибуты мобильного приложения: имя мобильного приложения, идентификатор мобильного приложения, магазин приложений, разработчик приложения, рейтинги приложения, возрастные рейтинги приложения и другая общедоступная информация о мобильном приложении, куда доставляется реклама. Эта информация используется для того, чтобы реклама доставлялась в правильном контексте, установленном нашим Клиентом в настройках профиля в нашей системе.
Атрибуты цифровой среды: мы собираем тип подключенного устройства, на которое доставляется реклама (мобильное, настольное, подключенный телевизор или другое устройство), тип и версию браузера, используемого для отображения страницы, на которой появляется реклама, и операционную систему для определения того, какая версия нашего кода будет правильно работать в этой среде, и для правильного измерения того, была ли реклама доступна для просмотра на экране в соответствии с отраслевыми стандартами, которые отличаются в разных средах.
Атрибуты просматриваемости: мы собираем расположение рекламы на странице, размер рекламы, размер экрана, размер окна просмотра, статус фокуса вкладки, статус фокуса браузера, продолжительность показа рекламы в видимой части веб-страницы и положение прокрутки веб-страницы для определения и предоставления нашим Клиентам отчетов, если реклама была доступна для просмотра на экране.
Атрибуты воздействия и вовлеченности: мы собираем данные, показывающие, был ли просмотр рекламы выполнен по щелчку, проведению пальцем, касанию или прикосновению, был ли изменен размер рекламы, была ли реклама пропущена, приглушена, приостановлена, повернута, был ли на нее наведен курсор мыши или был ли изменен уровень ее громкости, для того, чтобы помочь нашим Клиентам оценить эффективность рекламы, рекламной кампании или медиа-среды.
Категории данных, собираемых и используемых для устранения мошенничества:
Для оценки того, участвует ли онлайн-присутствие или устройство в мошеннической схеме или связано с ней, используются обезличенные идентификаторы присутствия и устройства, т. е. IP-адрес, строка агента пользователя или производные этих двух значений.
Категории данных, собираемых и используемых для Проверки географического региона:
Для определения географического местоположения, с которым они связаны, осуществляется сбор обезличенных данных об электронном присутствии и идентификаторах устройств (IP-адресах). Каждый IP-адрес связан со страной, а в США он может быть связан с более конкретной информацией, вплоть до почтового индекса. Мы никогда не собираем информацию о вашей точной геолокации.
В ограниченных обстоятельствах Клиенты, который действуют как «закрытые экосистемы», могут потребовать от компании DoubleVerify обрабатывать дополнительную Персональную информацию с целью реализации ее Решений. Такая дополнительная Персональная информация может относиться к Конечным пользователям, к лицам, которые создают учетные записи в таких «закрытых экосистемах», или к лицам, которые создают контент, который публикуется в таких «закрытых экосистемах». Если один из Клиентов компании DoubleVerify, который работает как «закрытая экосистема», требует от нее обрабатывать дополнительную Персональную информацию для обеспечения возможности использования определенных Решений, компания DoubleVerify обязуется обрабатывать такую Персональную информацию исключительно с целью выполнения своих обязательств перед Клиентом и строго в соответствии с инструкциями Клиента, необходимыми для работы, обслуживания и, если применимо, улучшения Решений. Мы с должной мерой заботливости работаем с этими Клиентами, чтобы гарантировать, что обрабатываемая Персональная информация будет ограничена только той Персональной информацией, которая необходима для достижения этих целей. В определенных обстоятельствах наше взаимодействие с «закрытыми экосистемами» может привести к случайному получению Персональной информации. Компания DoubleVerify тщательно отслеживает все такие случаи, чтобы обеспечить отсутствие обработки такой Персональной информации после получения, за исключением случаев, когда она безопасно удаляется из наших систем. Поскольку в этих сценариях конкретные категории Персональной информации зависят от пользовательской интеграции и решений Клиента и варьируются от Клиента к Клиенту, если у вас возникли дополнительные вопросы, мы рекомендуем вам связаться с конкретными Клиентами или ознакомиться с документацией о конфиденциальности, которую они предоставляют на своих ресурсах.
Решения не направлены на обработку Персональной информации детей и не предназначены для них. Мы не собираем сознательно Персональную информацию от детей, как этот термин определяется применимым законодательством в определенные периоды времени. Если вы являетесь родителем или опекуном и считаете, что с помощью Решений могла быть обработана Персональная информация вашего ребенка, свяжитесь с нами, используя информацию в разделе 13 «
Как связаться с компанией DoubleVerify
» ниже, и мы примем меры для безопасного удаления их Персональной информации из наших систем.
4. Как мы используем собираемые нами данные?
Компания DoubleVerify использует собранную Техническую информацию и Персональную информацию исключительно в целях, указанных в Разделе 3 «
Какие данные мы собираем и для каких целей?
» настоящего Уведомления о конфиденциальности Решений. В целом, Техническая информация и ваша Персональная информация обрабатываются для предоставления нашим Клиентам отчетов, информационных панелей, отзывов и аналитических данных («
Отчетность
»). Отчетность DV в любом формате является обезличенной и обобщенной, а если требуется информация об уровне показа, каждый показ обезличивается, чтобы гарантировать, что Персональная информация Конечных пользователей не будет передана Клиентам. Невзирая на вышесказанное, отчетность, созданная для Клиентов, которые работают как «закрытые экосистемы» (например, компании социальных сетей) и других Клиентов, которые полагаются на такую отчетность (например, компании, рекламирующие в социальных сетях), может включать информацию о лицах, которые создают учетные записи в таких «закрытых экосистемах», или о лицах, которые создают контент, который публикуется в таких средах как «закрытые экосистемы». В этом разделе содержится дополнительная информация о том, как обрабатывается Техническая информация и ваша Персональная информация для достижения деловых целей, указанных в Разделе 3 настоящего Уведомления о конфиденциальности Решений.
Компания DoubleVerify использует Техническую информацию, собранную посредством Решений, как указано в Разделе 3.1, следующим образом:
чтобы анализировать и сообщать о контексте, в котором отображается реклама, ее качестве, подлинности и эффективности. В частности, информация, иллюстрирующая, соответствует ли отображаемая реклама предварительно установленным юридическим требованиям и требованиям Клиента к размещению, а также настройкам предпочтений, установленным Клиентом в нашей системе;
чтобы предоставить аналитическую информацию и превентивно принимать решения о возможностях показов. Технология DoubleVerify анализирует информационные характеристики возможности показа и определяет, следует ли отображать рекламу Клиента, например, определяя, что окружающий контент не соответствует бренду и предпочтениям Клиента.
Для устранения мошенничества компания DoubleVerify использует Техническую информацию и Персональную информацию, собираемую посредством Решений, как указано в Разделе 3.1 и 3.2, чтобы:
рассматривать и определять конкретные показы рекламы, которые являются мошенническими из-за ее создания бот-контролируемыми, не созданными человеком браузерами;
оценивать и выявлять недопустимый трафик, такой как трафик, генерируемый программами для вставки рекламы, трафик, исходящий из центров обработки данных, искаженный трафик, эмулированный трафик и другие типы недопустимого трафика;
анализировать и выявлять веб-сайты, мобильные и подключенные устройства и медиа-среды, которые имеют мошеннический трафик и (или) создают мошеннические показы рекламы;
выявлять модели трафика на веб-сайтах, участвующих в мошеннической рекламной деятельности;
различать трафик, генерируемый бот-контролируемыми не созданными человеком браузерами и созданными человеком браузерами;
определять, соответствуют ли проанализированные рекламные объявления применимым правовым требованиям и предпочтениям, установленным нашими Клиентами;
определять, пытается ли межплатформенное ПО исказить свои операционные характеристики, чтобы предотвратить выявление мошенничества или другого недопустимого трафика;
определять, происходит ли трафик веб-сайтов или показы рекламы из группы серверов, а не в результате поисковой деятельности человека;
определять, происходит ли привлечение трафика с помощью мошеннических или других методов привлечения трафика, которые не соответствуют рекомендациям или предпочтениям Клиента;
создавать записи IP-адресов и строк агентов пользователей, связанных с мошенническими схемами и трафиком, не генерируемым человеком («Таблица мошеннических действий»). Поскольку такие данные связаны с взаимодействием с объектами, не являющимися людьми, они не представляют собой Персональную информацию.
Для Проверки географического региона компания DoubleVerify использует Техническую информацию и Персональную информацию, собираемую посредством Решений, как указано в Разделе 3.3, чтобы:
оценивать на высоком уровне (страны, штата, региона или (для жителей США) почтового индекса) географическое местоположение Конечного пользователя и проверять, находится ли Конечный пользователь в рамках кампании или настроек трафика Клиента.
Если один из Клиентов компании DoubleVerify, который работает как «закрытая экосистема», требует от нее обрабатывать дополнительную Персональную информацию для обеспечения возможности использования определенных Решений, компания DoubleVerify обязуется обрабатывать такую Персональную информацию исключительно с целью выполнения своих обязательств перед Клиентом и строго в соответствии с инструкциями Клиента, необходимыми для работы, обслуживания и, если применимо, улучшения Решений. Если у вас возникли дополнительные вопросы, мы рекомендуем вам связаться с конкретными Клиентами или ознакомиться с документацией о конфиденциальности, которую они предоставляют на своих ресурсах.
5. Как и кому мы раскрываем данные?
Компания DoubleVerify не раскрывает Персональную информацию третьим сторонам, за исключением случаев, когда это строго необходимо для наших деловых целей для работы, технического обслуживания и усовершенствования наших Решений. Если мы добровольно передаем любую Персональную информацию, мы гарантируем, что она будет защищена получателями в соответствии с нашими собственными политиками и стандартами.
Мы можем передавать вашу Персональную информацию:
Поставщикам услуг, т. е. компаниям, с которыми мы заключили договоры на предоставление таких услуг, как ИТ-услуги и системное администрирование, инфраструктурные и хостинговые услуги, исследования и аналитика, поддержка и обеспечение качества, безопасность и другие услуги, для целей и в соответствии с правовыми основаниями, описанными выше. Вы можете запросить список наших Поставщиков услуг, какую Персональную информацию они получают и для каких целей, связавшись с нами. Контактная информация приведена в разделе 13 «
Как связаться с компанией DoubleVerify
» настоящего Уведомления о конфиденциальности Решений.
Аффилированным лицам, таким как материнская компания, родственные компании, дочерние компании, совместные предприятия или другие компании, находящиеся под общим контролем, в объеме, необходимом для управления, технического обслуживания и совершенствования наших Решений. Вы можете запросить список наших Аффилированных лиц, какую Персональную информацию они получают и для каких целей, связавшись с нами. Контактная информация приведена в разделе 13 «
Как связаться с компанией DoubleVerify
» настоящего Уведомления о конфиденциальности Решений.
Третьим лицам, привлекаемым нашими Клиентами: для оказания поддержки нашим Клиентам мы можем интегрировать наши Решения с другими инструментами и службами, привлеченными нашими Клиентами, для предоставления расширенных услуг и возможностей отчетности. Мы ни при каких обстоятельствах не получаем данные в результате этих интеграций, которые позволяют компании DoubleVerify обогащать наши данные и идентифицировать Конечных пользователей. В ограниченных сценариях мы можем делиться информацией об уровне показов с компаниями, привлеченными нашими Клиентами, для проведения оценки маркетинговой эффективности. В ограниченных обстоятельствах наши Клиенты могут поручить нам передать определенную Персональную информацию, необходимую для обеспечения функциональности продукта или услуги, управление которыми не осуществляется DoubleVerify.
Третьим лицам, участвующим в Корпоративной сделке: в случае приобретения или слияния компании DoubleVerify с другой компанией или в случае реорганизации, ликвидации или других фундаментальных корпоративных изменений.
Мы можем быть юридически обязаны раскрыть вашу Персональную информацию:
(a) если государственная организация, суд, правоохранительные или надзорные органы требуют такого раскрытия (например, в рамках текущего расследования, повестки в суд, аналогичного судебного процесса или судебного разбирательства);
(b) в соответствии с требованиями действующего законодательства, нормативно-правовых актов или правил;
(c) если мы добросовестно полагаем, что такое раскрытие информации необходимо для защиты наших прав или прав других лиц, оказания помощи в расследовании или предотвращения незаконной деятельности.
Если это необходимо компании DoubleVerify для достижения своих деловых целей по предоставлению, техническому обслуживанию и улучшению части «Устранение мошенничества» наших Решений и борьбе с мошенничеством в рекламе, мы можем передавать или предоставлять Клиентам и другим третьим лицам, включая, например, отраслевые организации, таблицы мошенничества и другие отчеты, связанные с устранением мошенничества, каналы данных, API и информационные панели, которые не содержат Персональной информации.
Мы не передаем вашу Персональную информацию нашим Клиентам. Любые отчеты и аналитические данные, которые мы предоставляем Клиентам через наш Портал отчетности, являются обезличенными, что означает, что они не содержат Персональной информации. Отчеты, как правило, обобщены, однако в ограниченных обстоятельствах нашим Клиентам предоставляется отчетность на уровне показа через конечные точки FTP или API при условии, что такие отчеты не содержат никакой Персональной информации. Мы можем передавать Техническую информацию, которая является обезличенной, в обобщенном виде или в ее исходной форме третьим сторонам, если мы сочтем это необходимым для достижения наших деловых целей по предоставлению, техническому обслуживанию и совершенствованию Решений. Кроме того, мы можем передавать анонимные или обезличенные данные в обобщенном виде в ходе обычной деятельности нашей компании, например, для публикации практических примеров и отчетов, чтобы продемонстрировать тенденции в отношении преимуществ и эффективности наших Решений.
Во избежание сомнений, компания DoubleVerify не раскрывает Персональную информацию организациям, которые работают в качестве «компании» или «третьей стороны» в соответствии с такими законами, как CCPA.
6. Как долго мы храним Персональную информацию?
Компания DoubleVerify хранит любую Персональную информацию, обрабатываемую посредством своих Решений, только в течение срока, необходимого для достижения целей, указанных в настоящем Уведомлении о конфиденциальности решений, и не более 45 (сорока пяти) дней. По истечении этого периода Персональная информация удаляется из систем компании DoubleVerify безопасным образом.
Таблицы мошенничества могут храниться в течение неограниченного времени для обеспечения надлежащего функционирования Решения Fraud Elimination.
Техническая информация, поскольку она является анонимной по свое природе, может храниться компанией DoubleVerify в течение неограниченного срока или в течение срока, предусмотренного политикой компании DoubleVerify и разрешенного применимым законодательством и соглашениями компании DoubleVerify с ее Клиентами.
7. Как обеспечивается защита Персональной информации?
Компания DoubleVerify внедрила соответствующие технические, физические и организационные меры, направленные на защиту Персональной информации от случайного или незаконного уничтожения или случайной утраты, повреждения, изменения, несанкционированного раскрытия или доступа, а также от всех других форм незаконной обработки. Несмотря на то, что мы придерживаемся общепринятых стандартов и передовых методов защиты Персональной информации, ни один метод хранения или передачи не является абсолютно безопасным. Тем не менее, мы постоянно работаем над улучшением наших мер безопасности и защиты вашей Персональной информации.
8. Как осуществляется международная передача Персональной информации?
Просим вас учитывать, что собираемая нами Персональная информация может передаваться и храниться на серверах или в базах данных, расположенных за пределами вашего штата, региона, страны или другой юрисдикции. Несмотря на то, что ваша Персональная информация может передаваться через локальный временный центр обработки данных для обеспечения эффективности и оперативности Решений, в конечном итоге именно компания DoubleVerify хранит всю Персональную информацию, собранную посредством Решений в США. Будучи международной компанией, мы располагаем офисами в США, Великобритании, Франции, Бельгии, Финляндии, Германии, Израиле, Канаде, Мексике, Бразилии, Японии, Индии, Сингапуре и Австралии. Нашим сотрудникам в этих офисах может потребоваться доступ к вашей Персональной информации для поддержки наших Решений. Уровень защиты данных, установленный в некоторых из этих стран, таких как Соединенные Штаты, может быть ниже уровня, установленного в Европейском союзе или других юрисдикциях, в которых приняты строгие законы и нормативные акты о конфиденциальности данных.
Мы принимаем меры для обеспечения безопасного хранения вашей Персональной информации, соблюдения нормативных требований к конфиденциальности и безопасности, установленных для предприятий в Европейском союзе. Мы также гарантируем, что любой другой получатель вашей Персональной информации обеспечивает надлежащий уровень защиты и безопасности, например, путем заключения соответствующих соглашений и, при необходимости, стандартных договорных положений или альтернативного механизма передачи данных, утвержденного Европейской комиссией или другим соответствующим надзорными органом. Правила конфиденциальности компании DoubleVerify, описанные в настоящем Уведомлении о конфиденциальности, соответствуют Правилам международной защиты персональных данных АТЭС (APEC Cross Border Privacy Rules, CBPR) и системе признания конфиденциальности для обработчиков (Privacy Recognition for Processors, PRP). Система APEC CBPR и система APEC PRP предусматривают для организаций структуру обеспечения защиты Персональной информации, передаваемой между странами-участниками АТЭС. Более подробную информацию о принципах АТЭС можно найти
здесь
. Если у вас есть вопросы о том, где мы храним Персональную информацию, вы можете связаться с нами, как описано в разделе 13 «
Как связаться с компанией DoubleVerify
» настоящего Глобального уведомления о конфиденциальности.
Кроме того, компания DoubleVerify Inc. и ее дочерние компании Outrigger Media, Inc. d/b/a OpenSlate, Scibids Technology Inc., Zentrick Inc. («DoubleVerify»), соответствует требованиям Рамочной программы по защите данных между ЕС и США (EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, «EU-U.S. DPF»), Дополнения для Великобритании к EU-U.S. DPF и Рамочной программы по защите данных между Швейцарией и США (Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, Swiss-U.S. DPF), как указано Министерством торговли США. Компания DoubleVerify подтвердила Министерству торговли США, что она соблюдает требования Принципов системы конфиденциальности данных (Принципы EU-U.S. DPF) в отношении обработки персональных данных, полученных из Европейского союза, на основании EU-U.S. DPF и из Великобритании (и Гибралтара) в соответствии с Дополнением для Великобритании к EU-U.S. DPF. Компания DoubleVerify подтвердила Министерству торговли США, что она соблюдает Принципы системы конфиденциальности данных (Принципы Swiss-U.S.DPF) в отношении обработки персональных данных, полученных из Швейцарии, на основании Swiss-U.S. DPF.  В случае противоречия между условиями настоящей политики конфиденциальности и Принципов EU-U.S. DPF и (или) Принципов Swiss-U.S. DPF, Принципы имеют преимущественную силу.  Чтобы узнать больше о Рамочной программе защиты конфиденциальности (Data Privacy Framework, DPF) и ознакомиться с нашей сертификацией, посетите веб-сайт https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/.
Компания DoubleVerify несет ответственность за обработку персональных данных, которые она получает в соответствии с DPF, а затем передает третьей стороне, выступающей в качестве агента от ее имени.  Компания DoubleVerify соблюдает принципы DPF в отношении всех последующих передач персональных данных из ЕС, Великобритании и Швейцарии, включая положения об ответственности за дальнейшую передачу.
Федеральная торговая комиссия обладает юрисдикцией в отношении соблюдения компанией DoubleVerify требований DPF, Дополнения для Великобритании к EU-U.S. DPF и Swiss-U.S. DPF. В определенных ситуациях от компании DoubleVerify может потребоваться раскрыть персональные данные в ответ на законные запросы государственных органов, в том числе в целях обеспечения национальной безопасности или соблюдения требований правоохранительных органов.
В соответствии с EU-U.S. DPF, Дополнением для Великобритании к EU-U.S. DPF и Swiss-U.S. DPF, компания DoubleVerify обязуется направлять нерешенные жалобы, касающиеся обработки нами персональных данных, полученных в соответствии с EU-U.S. DPF, Дополнением для Великобритании к EU-U.S. DPF и Swiss-U.S. DPF, в адрес компании TRUSTe, альтернативного поставщика услуг по разрешению споров, расположенного в США.  Если вы не получили от нас своевременного подтверждения получения вашей жалобы, связанной с Принципами DPF, или если мы не рассмотрели вашу жалобу, связанную с Принципами DPF, посетите веб-сайт по адресу https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request для получения дополнительной информации или подачи жалобы.  Эти услуги по разрешению споров предоставляются бесплатно.
В отношении жалоб, касающихся соблюдения требований DPF, которые не были разрешены посредством какого-либо другого механизма DPF, у вас есть возможность при определенных условиях инициировать обязательный арбитраж. Дополнительную информацию можно найти на официальном веб-сайте DPF.
9. Каковы ваши права?
В некоторых юрисдикциях Конечные пользователи могут иметь права субъектов данных, позволяющие им подавать запросы, связанные с их Персональной информацией. Большинство юрисдикций также предоставляют Конечным пользователям право получать информацию о том, как собирается, используется и кому может быть передана или раскрыта Персональная информация, а также в каких целях. Уведомление о конфиденциальности Решений DoubleVerify предназначено для удовлетворения любых таких требований, но если у вас есть какие-либо дополнительные вопросы или вы хотите лучше понять, как ваша Персональная информация могла быть собрана, использована или кому она могла быть передана или раскрыта и почему, свяжитесь с нами, используя раздел 13 «
Как связаться с компанией DoubleVerify
» ниже.
Жители Европейской экономической зоны, Великобритании, Швейцарии или штата Калифорния, помимо прочего, обладают некоторыми правами в соответствии с применимыми законами и нормативными актами о конфиденциальности, такими как GDPR и CCPA. Чтобы реализовать эти права, вы можете использовать
эту Форму
или связаться с нами, используя раздел 13 «
Как связаться с компанией DoubleVerify
» ниже. В соответствии с определенными законами и нормативными актами, такими как CCPA, вы также можете назначить уполномоченного агента для подачи запроса или осуществления права от вашего имени. Мы не будем дискриминировать и преследовать вас за осуществление ваших прав.
Эти права включают следующее:
Право на доступ к любой Персональной информации, которую мы можем хранить о вас, включая информацию о категориях и отдельных частях Персональной информации.
Право исправлять любую неточную Персональную информацию, которую мы можем хранить о вас. Имейте в виду, что в связи с характером собираемой нами Персональной информации и методом их сбора крайне маловероятно, что мы храним Персональную информацию, которая является неточной или требует исправления.
Право потребовать, чтобы компания DoubleVerify удалила любую Персональную информацию о вас, которую мы можем хранить.
Право потребовать, чтобы обработка вашей Персональной информации была приостановлена или ограничена на определенный период времени, например, при оценке того, есть ли у вас другие права, которые вы хотели бы реализовать.
Если ваша Персональная информация обрабатывается на основании законных интересов, вы имеете право возражать против такой обработки.
В той мере, в какой ваша Персональная информация обрабатывается на основании вашего согласия, отозвать такое согласие через Систему обеспечения прозрачности и предоставления согласия IAB Europe.
Насколько это возможно, мы выполняем любой запрос Конечного пользователя при условии, что мы можем сопоставить Конечного пользователя с Персональной информацией, которую мы храним в наших системах. Однако при определенных обстоятельствах для выполнения запроса нам может потребоваться проверить вашу личность. Для подтверждения вашей личности или понимания объема вашего запроса нам может потребоваться запросить дополнительную информацию о вас. Для отправки запроса или его выполнения у вас не будет необходимости создавать учетную запись у нас. Вам нужно будет предоставить адрес электронной почты, чтобы мы могли связаться с вами и выполнить ваш запрос, а также любую информацию, которая может нам понадобиться, чтобы мы могли проверить, храним ли мы какую-либо Персональную информацию о вас. Просим вас учитывать, что могут существовать обстоятельства, в результате которых мы не сможем выполнить ваш запрос, но если мы не сможем выполнить ваш запрос, мы объясним причину. Если мы не храним Персональную информацию о вас, мы сообщим вам об этом. Мы приложим все усилия, чтобы ответить на любой запрос и просьбу в кратчайшие разумные сроки, однако обратите внимание, что это может занять до 30 (тридцати) дней.
Если компания DoubleVerify выступает в качестве «обработчика», «подрядчика» или «поставщика услуг», как определено в применимом законодательстве, вам может потребоваться направлять ваши запросы на осуществление ваших прав соответствующему Клиенту, который выступает в качестве «оператора» или «компании».
10. Раскрытие дополнительной информации
Некоторые законы и нормативные акты о конфиденциальности, такие как CCPA, требуют от компаний раскрывать информацию о продаже Персональной информации. Компания DoubleVerify не раскрывает Персональную информацию таким образом, который бы представлял собой «продажу» в соответствии с законодательством штатов Калифорния, Вирджиния, Невада или аналогичных им.
11. Использует ли компания DoubleVerify искусственный интеллект?
Компания DoubleVerify использует искусственный интеллект («ИИ») различными способами и в различных сферах. При том, что компания DoubleVerify применяет технологии ИИ, мы не используем «автоматизированное принятие решений» в определении, указанном в применимых законодательных и нормативных актах о конфиденциальности.
12. Регулирующее законодательство
В той мере, в какой это применимо и разрешено соответствующими законами и нормативными актами, настоящее Уведомление о конфиденциальности Решений регулируется и интерпретируется в соответствии с внутренним законодательством штата Делавэр, а любые споры подлежат рассмотрению также в штате Делавэр.
13. Обновляем ли мы настоящее Уведомление о конфиденциальности Решений?
Мы можем периодически обновлять настоящее Уведомление о конфиденциальности решения для отражения изменений в наших Решениях, практиках, политиках, или других внутренних или внешних изменений, а также для соблюдения новых правовых требований. Любые изменения будут опубликованы сразу после вступления в силу. Если мы внесем изменения, мы обновим «дату вступления в силу», указанную в верхней части настоящего Уведомления о конфиденциальности Решений, чтобы помочь вам понять, когда были внесены изменения. Чтобы оставаться в курсе любых таких обновлений, рекомендуем вам регулярно обращаться к настоящему Уведомлению о конфиденциальности решений.  Обратите внимание, что любой перевод настоящего Уведомления о конфиденциальности решения предназначен исключительно для облегчения вашего доступа к этой информации. Версия на английском языке является единственной официальной версией настоящего Уведомления о конфиденциальности Решений, и любые неточности или расхождения в переводе не являются обязательными и не имеют юридической силы для целей соблюдения или принудительного исполнения.
14. Как связаться с компанией DoubleVerify?
Если у вас есть какие-либо вопросы, сомнения или комментарии относительно настоящего Уведомления о конфиденциальности Решений или вы считаете, что ваша Персональная информация была использована не так, как это указано в Уведомлении о конфиденциальности, или не в соответствии с вашим выбором, вы можете связаться с нашим отделом по вопросам конфиденциальности по адресу:
Контактная информация специалиста по конфиденциальности / специалиста по защите данных (отдел конфиденциальности)
DoubleVerify Inc.
462 Broadway
New York, NY 10013
privacy-policy@doubleverify.com
Если у вас есть нерешенные проблемы, связанные с конфиденциальностью или использованием данных, которые мы не урегулировали удовлетворительно, обратитесь к нашему поставщику услуг по разрешению споров в США (бесплатно) по адресу
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
. Мы стремимся обеспечивать справедливое решение любой жалобы или проблемы, которые могут возникнуть у вас в отношении вашей конфиденциальности или настоящего Уведомления о конфиденциальности Решений. Однако, если вы считаете, что мы не смогли вам помочь, ничто в настоящем Уведомлении о конфиденциальности решений не ограничивает или не пытается ограничить ваши права в соответствии с применимым законодательством, включая возможность (в зависимости от вашей страны проживания) подать жалобу в местный орган по надзору за соблюдением законодательства о защите персональных данных или другое ведомство, обладающее компетенцией в отношении вопросов, связанных с конфиденциальностью.
Dátum nadobudnutia účinnosti: 28. júna 2024
Prehľad
Spoločnosť DoubleVerify, Inc. spolu so svojimi dcérskymi spoločnosťami na celom svete (spolu ako „
DoubleVerify
“, „
my
“, „
nás
“ alebo „
náš
“ vo všetkých gramatických tvaroch) je lídrom v oblasti transparentnosti a zodpovednosti v online reklame. Spoločnosť DoubleVerify používa rôzne technológie na získavanie informácií o online reklame, návštevnosti webových stránok, návštevnosti mobilných aplikácií a návštevnosti pripojených zariadení s cieľom poskytovať produkty a riešenia pre transparentnosť reklamy a zodpovednosť (ďalej spoločne len „
riešenia
“). Toto oznámenie o ochrane osobných údajov (ďalej len „
oznámenie o ochrane osobných
údajov
riešení
“) vysvetľuje, kto sme, ako získavame, používame a poskytujeme osobné údaje prostredníctvom svojich riešení, ako aj ako môžete uplatniť svoje práva na ochranu osobných údajov.
Ak chcete získať ďalšie informácie o tom, ako spoločnosť DoubleVerify spracúva osobné údaje získané na našich verejne prístupných webových stránkach, navštívte naše
oznámenie o ochrane osobných údajov pre webové stránky a marketing
.
Ak používate riešenia spoločnosti DoubleVerify a chcete získať ďalšie informácie o tom, ako spoločnosť DoubleVerify spracúva osobné údaje získané prostredníctvom našich nástrojov na nahlasovanie, pozrite si naše
oznámenie o ochrane osobných údajov pre nástroje na nahlasovanie
.
Rýchle odkazy
Odporúčame vám, aby ste si prečítali celé toto oznámenie o ochrane osobných údajov, aby ste mali všetky informácie. Aby sme vám však uľahčili hľadanie a kontrolu konkrétnych častí tohto oznámenia o ochrane osobných údajov riešení, rozdelili sme ho do nasledujúcich častí:
Kto je spoločnosť DoubleVerify?
Aká je naša úloha, ciele a právny základ spracúvania?
Aké údaje získavame a na aké účely?
Ako používame získané údaje?
Ako a komu poskytujeme údaje?
Ako dlho uchovávame osobné údaje?
Ako sú osobné údaje zabezpečené?
Ako sa osobné údaje prenášajú do zahraničia?
Aké máte práva?
Dodatočné zverejnenia
Používa spoločnosť DoubleVerify umelú inteligenciu?
Rozhodné právo
Aktualizujeme toto oznámenie o ochrane osobných údajov riešení?
Ako sa obrátiť na spoločnosť DoubleVerify?
1. Kto je spoločnosť DoubleVerify?
Akreditované platformy spoločnosti DoubleVerify poskytujú nezávislé meranie digitálnych médií, údaje a analýzy o zobrazovaní reklamy a návštevnosti webových stránok s cieľom pomôcť inzerentom, agentúram a predajcom reklamného inventára (spoločne ďalej len „
zákazníci
“) potvrdiť presné charakteristiky doručovania vrátane bezpečnosti značky, ukazovateľov sledovanosti, kontextových a environmentálnych parametrov (napríklad webovej stránky, na ktorej sa reklama zobrazuje, a miesta, kde sa na webovej stránke zobrazuje), charakteristík kvality reklamných impresií a návštevnosti webových stránok, a poskytujú poznatky, ktoré umožňujú našim zákazníkom prijímať informované rozhodnutia o umiestnení ich kreatívy a značky.
Veríme, že poskytneme silnú ochranu súkromia každej osobe, ktorej údaje môžeme spracúvať v akejkoľvek funkcii – pretože veríme, že súkromie je základné právo, a nie niečo, čo by malo závisieť od miesta vášho pobytu. V súlade s touto zásadou považujeme všetky údaje, ktoré sa týkajú identifikovanej alebo identifikovateľnej osoby alebo sú s ňou spojené, za „osobné údaje“ bez ohľadu na to, kde sa táto osoba nachádza. Pokiaľ ide o naše riešenia, spoločnosť DoubleVerify obmedzuje všetky informácie, ktoré zhromažďujeme, na informácie, ktoré neumožňujú identifikáciu jednotlivca bez ďalších informácií. Spoločnosť DoubleVerify napríklad spracúva, je vaša adresa internetového protokolu („IP“), čo je číslo, ktoré sa automaticky prideľuje počítaču pri používaní internetu. Hoci spoločnosť DoubleVerify zaobchádza s takýmito informáciami ako s osobnými údajmi v súlade s osvedčenými postupmi a platnými zákonmi, nikdy nekombinujeme tieto informácie so žiadnymi inými údajmi, ktoré by nám umožnili identifikovať osobu, ktorej sa týkajú.
Toto oznámenie o ochrane osobných údajov týkajúce sa riešení je určené na informovanie osôb, ktorých údaje môžu byť spracúvané prostredníctvom našich riešení (ďalej len „
koncový používateľ/-lia
“ alebo „
vy
“ a „
váš
“ vo všetkých gramatických tvaroch) o: (1) typoch informácií, ktoré môže spoločnosť DoubleVerify získavať o vás alebo vašom zariadení, keď sa vám na webovej stránke, ktorú si prezeráte, alebo v aplikácii, ktorú používate, zobrazí nami analyzovaná reklama, (2) našich postupoch ochrany osobných údajov, ako môžeme používať, poskytovať a inak spracúvať informácie, ktoré sa považujú za osobné údaje, a (3) aké sú vaše práva v súvislosti s takýmito osobnými údajmi. Toto oznámenie o ochrane osobných údajov riešenia tiež vysvetľuje, aké neosobné informácie (ďalej len „
technické informácie
“) zhromažďujeme o reklamách, ktoré sledujeme, a ako tieto technické informácie používame na podporu našich riešení.
2. Aká je naša úloha, ciele a právny základ spracúvania?
Riešenia spoločnosti DoubleVerify zahŕňajú identifikáciu a elimináciu podvodov (ďalej len „
eliminácia podvodov
“) a služby overovania geografického súladu (ďalej len „
geoverifikácia
“), ktoré si vyžadujú spracúvanie osobných údajov. S výnimkou obmedzených okolností uvedených nižšie, s ohľadom na právne predpisy a nariadenia, ako je všeobecné nariadenie o ochrane údajov (ďalej len „
GDPR
“), spoločnosť DoubleVerify prevádzkuje elimináciu podvodov ako „prevádzkovateľ“ a Geo Verification ako „sprostredkovateľ“. Pokiaľ ide o kalifornský zákon o ochrane súkromia spotrebiteľov (ďalej len „
CCPA
“) a ďalšie štátne regulačné rámce v USA, naše označenie sa môže líšiť v závislosti od konkrétneho vzťahu s každým zákazníkom. Keďže osobné údaje, ktoré spracúvame, sú získavané našou technológiou a sprístupnené našim zákazníkom, vo všeobecnosti pôsobíme ako „dodávateľ“ podľa CCPA alebo ako „sprostredkovateľ“ podľa iných právnych predpisov a štátnych regulačných rámcov USA. Bez ohľadu na vyššie uvedené, za obmedzených okolností, keď sú osobné údaje poskytované spoločnosti DoubleVerify prostredníctvom na mieru navrhnutých integrácií a iných neštandardných prostriedkov, napríklad keď takéto osobné údaje získava a poskytuje zákazník na analýzu spoločnosti DoubleVerify, môžeme byť podľa CCPA považovaní za „sprostredkovateľa“ alebo „poskytovateľa služieb“. Tento scenár sa najčastejšie vyskytuje v našich partnerstvách so zákazníkmi sociálnych sietí a inými zákazníkmi, ktorí prevádzkujú vlastné prostredia, často označované ako „uzavreté záhrady“.
S výnimkou eliminácie podvodov vrátane prípadov, keď je to potrebné na kvalifikovanie dojmov podľa štandardných postupov v odvetví (napr. usmernenia Rady pre hodnotenie médií) a pre Geo Verification, iné riešenia spoločnosti DoubleVerify (ako napríklad viditeľnosť, bezpečnosť značky a vhodnosť) vo všeobecnosti nevyžadujú spracúvanie osobných údajov. Existujú však okolnosti, ako napríklad prípady, keď môžeme poskytovať takéto riešenia zákazníkom, ktorí prevádzkujú „uzavreté záhrady“, kde títo zákazníci v úlohe správcov môžu vyžadovať, aby spoločnosť DoubleVerify spracúvala ďalšie osobné údaje koncových používateľov alebo osôb, ktoré vytvárajú účty a obsah v prostredí zákazníka. V každom takomto prípade určujú to, ktoré osobné údaje sa spracúvajú, zákazníci, ktorí v úlohe správcov podľa vlastného uváženia určujú aj právny základ spracovania takýchto osobných údajov. Ďalšie informácie o postupoch ochrany osobných údajov týchto zákazníkov, spracúvaných osobných údajoch a platnom právnom základe spracúvania nájdete v príslušnom a platnom oznámení alebo vyhlásení o ochrane osobných údajov každého zákazníka. Ak sa obrátite na spoločnosť DoubleVerify s otázkou o týchto programoch, môžeme vám poskytnúť základné informácie o práci, ktorú vykonávame pre týchto zákazníkov, ale odporúčame vám, aby ste sa obrátili na jednotlivých zákazníkov alebo si prezreli dokumentáciu o ochrane osobných údajov, ktorú sprístupňujú na svojich stránkach.
V súvislosti s právnymi predpismi, ako je GDPR, je právnym základom spoločnosti DoubleVerify na spracúvanie osobných údajov prostredníctvom našich riešení oprávnený záujem: (i) našich zákazníkov, aby sme zabránili podvodom súvisiacim s reklamou a prezentovali koncovým používateľom geograficky presné a vyhovujúce informácie, (ii) koncových používateľov, aby dostávali informácie bez podvodov a geograficky presné a vyhovujúce, a (iii) širokej verejnosti, aby bol naďalej k dispozícii slobodný internet.
Spoločnosť DoubleVerify sa zúčastňuje na rámci transparentnosti a súhlasu IAB (TCFv2.2 – ID dodávateľa 126) a ako základ pre získavanie údajov používame oprávnený záujem na nasledujúce účely:
zaistenie bezpečnosti, predchádzanie podvodom a ich odhaľovanie a opravu chýb (osobitný účel 1),
poskytovanie a prezentovanie reklamy a obsahu (osobitný účel 2),
uloženie a oznámenie možností ochrany osobných údajov (osobitný účel 3),
meranie výkonnosti reklamy (účel 7),
rozvoj a zlepšovanie služieb (účel 10).
V obmedzených prípadoch môže subjekt zodpovedný za rámec transparentnosti a súhlasu IAB Europe v oblasti majetku, v ktorom spoločnosť DoubleVerify Solutions pôsobí, podmieniť našu službu Geo Verification súhlasom. V týchto veľmi obmedzených prípadoch sa súhlas vzťahuje na:
použitie obmedzených údajov na výber reklamy (účel 2),
meranie výkonnosti reklamy (účel 7),
rozvoj a zlepšovanie služieb (účel 10).
3. Aké údaje získavame a na aké účely?
Spoločnosť DoubleVerify na vykonávanie svojich obchodných účelov poskytovania, údržby a zlepšovania svojich riešení zhromažďuje a používa určité kategórie osobných údajov a technických informácií. Kategórie osobných údajov a technických informácií spracúvaných prostredníctvom riešení spoločnosti DoubleVerify sú uvedené nižšie. V rozsahu, v akom sú osobné údaje potrebné na prevádzku jednej alebo viacerých funkcií riešenia spoločnosti DoubleVerify, budú takéto osobné údaje použité len na konkrétne účely uvedené nižšie, pokiaľ zákon nevyžaduje inak. Okrem toho môže byť za určitých okolností potrebné spracovať osobné údaje v spojení s niektorými technickými informáciami, aby riešenia spoločnosti DoubleVerify správne fungovali. Vo všetkých takýchto prípadoch sa kombinované údaje považujú za osobné údaje a sú zodpovedajúcim spôsobom chránené. Osobné údaje a technické informácie, ktoré spracúvame, nikdy nekombinujeme, neanalyzujeme ani neobohacujeme o ďalšie informácie s cieľom identifikovať koncových používateľov. Nikdy nesledujeme vás ani vaše online aktivity v rámci aplikácií a webových lokalít ani v priebehu času, nespoliehame sa na trvalé technológie, ako sú súbory cookie tretích strán, a nikdy nevytvárame profily ani skupiny publika na cielenie na jednotlivcov.
Kategórie technických informácií, ktoré sa zhromažďujú a používajú na napájanie riešení DoubleVerify:
Atribúty reklamnej kampane – identifikátor inzerenta, ktorý dodáva reklamu, identifikátory jeho kampane a umiestnenia, identifikátory mediálneho vlastníctva predávajúceho inventár inzerentovi alebo akejkoľvek sprostredkovateľskej reklamnej platformy sa zhromažďujú a spracúvajú na identifikáciu zákazníka, ktorého obsluhujeme, na použitie správnych nastavení pre zákazníka, na segmentáciu správ zákazníka podľa týchto identifikátorov a na vyúčtovanie zákazníkovi.
Atribúty webového obsahu – získava sa webová adresa (URL) stránky/rámca, na ktorú sa reklama doručuje, a adresa všetkých odkazujúcich stránok/rámcov, aby sa zabezpečilo, že sa reklamy doručujú v správnom kontexte, ktorý náš zákazník nastavil v nastaveniach profilu v našom systéme.
Atribúty mobilnej aplikácie – názov mobilnej aplikácie, identifikátor mobilnej aplikácie, obchod s aplikáciami, vývojár aplikácie, hviezdičkové hodnotenie aplikácie, vekové hodnotenie aplikácie a ďalšie verejne dostupné informácie o mobilnej aplikácii, do ktorej sa reklama doručuje. Tieto informácie sa používajú na zabezpečenie toho, aby sa reklamy zobrazovali v správnom kontexte, ktorý si zákazník nastavil v nastaveniach profilu v našom systéme.
Atribúty digitálneho prostredia – typ pripojeného zariadenia, na ktoré sa reklama odosiela: mobil, stolný počítač, pripojená televízia alebo iné zariadenie, typ a verzia prehliadača použitého na vykreslenie stránky, na ktorej sa reklama zobrazuje, a operačný systém sa zhromažďujú s cieľom určiť, aká verzia nášho kódu by sa správne spustila v danom prostredí, a správne zmerať, či sa reklama mala šancu zobraziť na obrazovke podľa priemyselných noriem, ktoré sa v jednotlivých prostrediach líšia.
Atribúty zobraziteľnosti – umiestnenie reklamy na stránke, veľkosť reklamy, veľkosť obrazovky, veľkosť zobrazovacieho priestoru, stav zamerania karty, stav zamerania prehliadača, čas, počas ktorého bola reklama v zobraziteľnej časti webovej stránky, a pozícia posúvania webovej stránky sa zhromažďujú s cieľom určiť a oznámiť našim zákazníkom, či reklama mala šancu stať sa zobraziteľnou na obrazovke.
Atribúty vystavenia a zapojenia – zhromažďujú sa údaje, ktoré ukazujú, či na reklamu niekto klikol, posunul ju prstom, ťukol na ňu alebo sa jej dotkol, zmenil jej veľkosť, preskočil ju, stlmil, pozastavil, otočil, presunul na ňu alebo zmenil jej hlasitosť, čo našim zákazníkom pomáha merať výkonnosť reklamy, reklamnej kampane alebo mediálneho objektu.
Kategórie údajov zozbieraných a použitých na elimináciu podvodov:
Pseudonymné identifikátory elektronickej prítomnosti a zariadenia – t. j. adresa IP, reťazec agenta používateľa alebo deriváty týchto dvoch hodnôt – sa používajú na posúdenie, či sa online prítomnosť alebo zariadenie zúčastňuje na podvodnej schéme alebo je s ňou spojené.
Kategórie údajov zozbieraných a použitých na geoverifikáciu:
Na určenie geografickej polohy, s ktorou sú spojené, sa zhromažďujú pseudonymné identifikátory elektronickej prítomnosti a zariadenia – IP adresa. Každá IP adresa je spojená s krajinou a v Spojených štátoch amerických môže byť spojená s konkrétnejšími informáciami až po poštové smerovacie číslo. Presné informácie o vašej geografickej polohe sa nikdy nezhromažďujú.
Za obmedzených okolností môže byť spoločnosť DoubleVerify požiadaná niektorými svojimi zákazníkmi, napríklad zákazníkmi, ktorí fungujú ako „uzavretá záhrada“, aby spracúvala ďalšie osobné údaje na umožnenie svojich riešení. Takéto ďalšie osobné údaje sa môžu týkať koncových používateľov, jednotlivcov, ktorí si vytvárajú účty v rámci takýchto „uzavretých záhrad“, alebo jednotlivcov, ktorí vytvárajú obsah, ktorý je uverejnený v rámci takýchto prostredí „uzavretých záhrad“. V rozsahu, v akom jeden zo zákazníkov, ktorí fungujú ako „uzavreté záhrady“, požiada spoločnosť DoubleVerify, aby spracúvala ďalšie osobné údaje na umožnenie určitých riešení, bude spoločnosť DoubleVerify spracúvať takéto osobné údaje výlučne na účely plnenia svojich záväzkov voči zákazníkovi a prísne v súlade s pokynmi zákazníka, ako je to potrebné na prevádzku, údržbu a prípadné zlepšovanie riešení. V spolupráci s týmito zákazníkmi sa usilovne snažíme zabezpečiť, aby sa spracúvané osobné údaje obmedzovali len na osobné údaje potrebné na dosiahnutie týchto účelov. V obmedzených prípadoch môže naša interakcia so „uzavretými záhradami“ viesť k náhodnému prijatiu osobných údajov. Spoločnosť DoubleVerify usilovne pracuje na monitorovaní takýchto prípadov, aby zabezpečila, že takéto osobné údaje nebudú spracované po prijatí, s výnimkou bezpečného odstránenia z našich systémov. Keďže v týchto scenároch konkrétne kategórie osobných údajov závisia od vlastnej integrácie a rozhodnutí zákazníka a líšia sa od zákazníka k zákazníkovi, v prípade ďalších otázok odporúčame obrátiť sa na konkrétneho zákazníka alebo si prečítať dokumentáciu o ochrane osobných údajov, ktorú sprístupňuje na svojich stránkach.
Riešenia nie sú určené ani zamerané na spracovanie osobných údajov detí. Vedome nezhromažďujeme osobné údaje od detí, ako je tento pojem definovaný v platných zákonoch. Ak ste rodič alebo opatrovník a domnievate sa, že osobné údaje vášho dieťaťa mohli byť spracované prostredníctvom riešení, obráťte sa na nás pomocou informácií uvedených v časti 13 „
Ako sa obrátiť na spoločnosť DoubleVerify
“ nižšie a my podnikneme kroky na bezpečné odstránenie ich osobných údajov z našich systémov.
4. Ako používame získané údaje?
Spoločnosť DoubleVerify používa zhromaždené technické informácie a osobné údaje len na účely uvedené v časti 3 „
Aké údaje zhromažďujeme a na aké účely?
“ tohto oznámenia o ochrane osobných údajov. Technické informácie a vaše osobné údaje sa vo všeobecnosti spracúvajú s cieľom poskytovať našim zákazníkom správy, informačné panely, spätnú väzbu a poznatky (ďalej len „správy“). Správy spoločnosti DV v akomkoľvek formáte sú anonymizované a agregované alebo, pokiaľ sa vyžadujú informácie na úrovni vplyvu, každý vplyv je deidentifikovaný, aby sa zabezpečilo, že osobné údaje koncového používateľa nebudú nikdy poskytnuté zákazníkom. Bez ohľadu na vyššie uvedené môžu hlásenia vytvorené pre zákazníkov, ktorí fungujú ako „uzavreté záhrady“ (napríklad spoločnosti pôsobiace v oblasti sociálnych médií), a iných zákazníkov, ktorí sa spoliehajú na takéto hlásenia (napríklad spoločnosti, ktoré inzerujú na kanáloch sociálnych médií), zahŕňať informácie o jednotlivcoch, ktorí vytvárajú účty v rámci takýchto „uzavretých záhrad“, alebo o jednotlivcoch, ktorí vytvárajú obsah, ktorý je uverejnený v rámci takýchto prostredí „uzavretých záhrad“. Táto časť poskytuje ďalšie informácie o tom, ako sa spracúvajú technické informácie a vaše osobné údaje na dosiahnutie obchodných účelov uvedených v časti 3 tohto oznámenia o ochrane osobných údajov.
Spoločnosť DoubleVerify používa technické informácie zhromaždené prostredníctvom riešení, ako je uvedené v časti 3.1, týmito spôsobmi:
na analýzu a informovanie o kontexte, v ktorom sa reklamy zobrazujú, o ich kvalite, autenticite a výkonnosti. Konkrétne ide o informácie ilustrujúce, či je zobrazovaná reklama v súlade s vopred nastavenými právnymi požiadavkami a požiadavkami na umiestnenie, ako aj s nastaveniami preferencií, ktoré si zákazník vytvoril v našom systéme;
na poskytnutie prehľadu a predvídavého rozhodovania o možnostiach vplyvu. Technológia DoubleVerify analyzuje charakteristiky údajov o príležitosti na zobrazenie a určuje, či sa má reklama zákazníka zobraziť alebo nie, napríklad tým, že určí, že okolitý obsah nie je v súlade so značkou a preferenciami daného zákazníka.
Spoločnosť DoubleVerify na účely eliminácie podvodov používa technické informácie a osobné údaje zhromaždené prostredníctvom riešení, ako je uvedené v častiach 3.1 a 3.2, na:
preskúmanie a identifikovanie konkrétneho zobrazenia reklám, ktoré sú podvodné, pretože sú generované prehliadačmi ovládanými botmi, ktorí nie sú ovládaní ľuďmi;
na posúdenie a identifikáciu neplatnej prevádzky, ako je prevádzka generovaná reklamnými injektormi, prevádzka pochádzajúca z dátových centier, nesprávne prezentovaná prevádzka, emulovaná prevádzka a iné typy neplatnej prevádzky;
na analýzu a identifikáciu webových stránok, mobilných aplikácií a aplikácií pre pripojené zariadenia a mediálne vlastnosti, ktoré majú podvodnú návštevnosť a/alebo generujú podvodné zobrazenia reklamy;
na identifikáciu vzorcov návštevnosti na webových stránkach, ktoré sa zúčastňujú na podvodných reklamných aktivitách;
na rozlišovanie medzi prevádzkou generovanou prehliadačmi ovládanými botmi, ktoré nie sú ľudskými prehliadačmi, a tou, ktorá je generovaná ľudskými prehliadačmi;
na určenie, či analyzované reklamy dodržiavajú platné právne požiadavky a preferencie stanovené našimi zákazníkmi;
na určenie toho, či sa middleware pokúša skresliť svoje prevádzkové charakteristiky s cieľom zabrániť identifikácii podvodu alebo inej neplatnej prevádzky;
na určenie toho, či návštevnosť webových stránok alebo zobrazenia reklám pochádzajú zo serverovej farmy, a nie z aktivity prehliadania vytvorenej človekom;
na zistenie toho, či sa návštevnosť získava podvodnými praktikami alebo inými praktikami získavania návštevnosti, ktoré nie sú v súlade s usmerneniami alebo preferenciami zákazníka;
na vytvorenie záznamov IP adries a reťazcov používateľských agentov spojených s podvodnými schémami a prevádzkou, ktorá nie je generovaná človekom („tabuľky podvodov“). Keďže takéto dátové body súvisia s interakciami nevykonávanými ľuďmi, nepredstavujú osobné údaje.
Spoločnosť DoubleVerify na účely geoverifikácie používa technické informácie a osobné údaje zhromaždené prostredníctvom riešení, ako je uvedené v časti 3.3, na:
posúdenie geografickej polohy koncového používateľa na vysokej úrovni (krajina, štát, región alebo v prípade obyvateľov USA poštové smerovacie číslo) a overenie, či sa koncový používateľ nachádza v rámci nastavenia kampane alebo prevádzky zákazníka.
V rozsahu, v akom jeden zo zákazníkov, ktorí fungujú ako „uzavreté záhrady“, požiada spoločnosť DoubleVerify, aby spracúvala ďalšie osobné údaje na umožnenie určitých riešení, bude spoločnosť DoubleVerify spracúvať takéto osobné údaje výlučne na účely plnenia svojich záväzkov voči zákazníkovi a prísne v súlade s pokynmi zákazníka, ako je to potrebné na prevádzku, údržbu a prípadné zlepšovanie riešení. Ak máte akékoľvek otázky, odporúčame vám obrátiť sa na konkrétneho zákazníka alebo si prečítať dokumentáciu o ochrane osobných údajov, ktorú sprístupňujú na svojich stránkach.
5. Ako a komu poskytujeme údaje?
Spoločnosť DoubleVerify neposkytuje osobné údaje tretím stranám, s výnimkou prípadov, keď je to nevyhnutne potrebné na naše obchodné účely na prevádzku, údržbu a zlepšovanie našich riešení. Pokiaľ dobrovoľne poskytujeme akékoľvek osobné údaje, zabezpečíme, aby ich príjemcovia chránili spôsobom, ktorý je v súlade s našimi vlastnými zásadami a normami.
Vaše osobné údaje môžeme poskytovať:
poskytovateľom služieb – spoločnostiam, s ktorými sme uzavreli zmluvy o poskytovaní služieb, ako je správa IT a systémov, infraštruktúra a hostingové služby, výskum a analytika, podpora a zabezpečenie kvality, bezpečnostné a iné služby, a to na účely a na základe vyššie uvedeného právneho základu. Ak sa na nás obrátite, môžete požiadať zoznam našich poskytovateľov služieb, aké osobné údaje dostávajú a na aké účely. Kontaktné informácie nájdete v časti 13 „
Ako sa obrátiť na spoločnosť DoubleVerify
“ tohto oznámenia o ochrane osobných údajov;
pridruženým spoločnostiam – napríklad materskej spoločnosti, sesterským spoločnostiam, dcérskym spoločnostiam, spoločným podnikom alebo iným spoločnostiam pod spoločnou kontrolou v rozsahu potrebnom na prevádzku, údržbu a zlepšovanie našich riešení. Ak sa na nás obrátite, môžete požiadať zoznam našich pridružených spoločností, aké osobné údaje dostávajú a na aké účely. Kontaktné informácie nájdete v časti 13 „
Ako sa obrátiť na spoločnosť DoubleVerify
“ tohto oznámenia o ochrane osobných údajov;
tretím stranám zapojeným našimi zákazníkmi – na podporu našich zákazníkov môžeme integrovať naše riešenia s inými nástrojmi a službami zapojenými našimi zákazníkmi s cieľom poskytovať rozšírené služby a možnosti vykazovania. Za žiadnych okolností nedostávame údaje z týchto integrácií, ktoré umožňujú spoločnosti DoubleVerify obohatiť naše údaje a identifikovať koncových používateľov. V obmedzených prípadoch môžeme poskytovať informácie na úrovni dojmu so spoločnosťami, ktoré si naši zákazníci najímajú na vykonávanie výskumu účinnosti marketingu; Za obmedzených okolností nám naši zákazníci môžu dať pokyn, aby sme poskytli určité osobné údaje potrebné na umožnenie funkčnosti produktu alebo služby, ktoré nespravuje DoubleVerify;
tretím stranám zapojeným do podnikovej transakcie – v prípade, že spoločnosť DoubleVerify je nadobudnutá alebo zlúčená s inou spoločnosťou, alebo v prípade reorganizácie, rozpustenia alebo inej zásadnej podnikovej zmeny.
Môžeme byť zo zákona povinní zverejniť vaše osobné údaje:
(a) ak vládny subjekt, súd, orgán činný v trestnom konaní alebo regulačný orgán vyžaduje takéto zverejnenie (napríklad v rámci prebiehajúceho vyšetrovania, predvolania, podobného právneho procesu alebo konania);
(b) ak sa to inak vyžaduje podľa akéhokoľvek platného zákona, nariadenia alebo predpisu; a
(c) ak sa v dobrej viere domnievame, že takéto zverejnenie je nevyhnutné na ochranu alebo obranu našich práv alebo práv iných, na pomoc pri vyšetrovaní alebo na zabránenie nezákonnej činnosti.
Tabuľky podvodov a iné správy, dátové kanály, rozhrania API a ovládacie panely súvisiace s elimináciou podvodov, ktoré neobsahujú osobné údaje, môžu byť poskytnuté alebo sprístupnené zákazníkom a iným tretím stranám napríklad vrátane priemyselných organizácií, ak je to potrebné na to, aby spoločnosť DoubleVerify mohla plniť svoje obchodné účely poskytovania, údržby a zlepšovania časti našich riešení zameranej na elimináciu podvodov a boj proti reklamným podvodom.
Vaše osobné údaje neposkytujeme našim zákazníkom. Všetky správy a analýzy, ktoré sprístupňujeme zákazníkom prostredníctvom nášho portálu pre správy, sú anonymné, čo znamená, že neobsahujú osobné údaje. Správy sú spravidla agregované, ale za obmedzených okolností sa našim zákazníkom poskytujú správy na úrovni dojmu prostredníctvom koncových bodov FTP alebo rozhraní API za predpokladu, že takéto správy neobsahujú žiadne osobné údaje. Technické informácie, ktoré sú anonymné, v súhrnných formátoch alebo v nespracovanej podobe, môžeme poskytovať tretím stranám, ak to považujeme za potrebné na realizáciu našich obchodných účelov poskytovania, údržby a zlepšovania riešení. Okrem toho môžeme poskytovať anonymné alebo deidentifikované údaje na súhrnnom základe v rámci bežnej prevádzky nášho podniku; napríklad na zverejnenie prípadových štúdií a správ, ktoré ukazujú trendy týkajúce sa prínosov a výkonu našich riešení.
Aby sa predišlo pochybnostiam, spoločnosť DoubleVerify neposkytuje osobné údaje subjektom, ktoré pôsobia ako „podnik“ alebo „tretia strana“ podľa právnych predpisov, ako je napríklad CCPA.
6. Ako dlho uchovávame osobné údaje?
Spoločnosť DoubleVerify uchováva všetky osobné údaje spracované prostredníctvom svojich riešení len tak dlho, ako je to potrebné na dosiahnutie účelov uvedených v tomto oznámení o ochrane osobných údajov riešení, a v žiadnom prípade nie dlhšie ako štyridsaťpäť (45) dní. Po uplynutí tohto obdobia sa osobné údaje bezpečne vymažú zo systémov spoločnosti DoubleVerify.
Tabuľky podvodov sa môžu uchovávať neobmedzene dlho, aby sa zabezpečila správna funkčnosť riešenia na elimináciu podvodov.
Technické informácie, keďže majú anonymný charakter, môže spoločnosť DoubleVerify uchovávať neobmedzene dlho alebo tak dlho, ako je inak stanovené v zásadách spoločnosti DoubleVerify a povolené platnými zákonmi a zmluvami spoločnosti DoubleVerify s jej zákazníkmi.
7. Ako sú osobné údaje zabezpečené?
Spoločnosť DoubleVerify zaviedla primerané technické, fyzické a organizačné opatrenia určené na ochranu osobných údajov pred náhodným alebo nezákonným zničením alebo náhodnou stratou, poškodením, zmenou, neoprávneným zverejnením alebo prístupom, ako aj pred všetkými ostatnými formami nezákonného spracovania. Hoci dodržiavame všeobecne uznávané normy a osvedčené postupy na ochranu osobných údajov, žiadny spôsob ukladania alebo prenosu nie je stopercentne bezpečný. Neustále však pracujeme na zlepšovaní našich bezpečnostných opatrení a na zabezpečení vašich osobných údajov.
8. Ako sa osobné údaje prenášajú do zahraničia?
Upozorňujeme, že osobné údaje, ktoré zhromažďujeme, sa môžu prenášať a uchovávať na serveroch alebo v databázach mimo vášho štátu, provincie, krajiny alebo inej jurisdikcie. Hoci sa vaše osobné údaje môžu prenášať prostredníctvom miestneho dočasného dátového centra, aby sa zabezpečila efektívnosť a pohotovosť riešení, spoločnosť DoubleVerify v konečnom dôsledku ukladá všetky osobné údaje zhromaždené prostredníctvom riešení v Spojených štátoch amerických. Ako globálna spoločnosť máme pobočky v Spojených štátoch amerických, Spojenom kráľovstve, Francúzsku, Belgicku, Fínsku, Nemecku, Izraeli, Kanade, Mexiku, Brazílii, Japonsku, Indii, Singapure a Austrálii. Naši zamestnanci na týchto miestach môžu mať prístup k vašim osobným údajom, aby mohli podporovať naše riešenia. Úroveň ochrany údajov stanovená na niektorých z týchto miest, napríklad v Spojených štátoch amerických, môže byť nižšia ako v Európskej únii alebo iných jurisdikciách, ktoré prijali prísne zákony a predpisy o ochrane osobných údajov.
Prijímame opatrenia, aby sme zabezpečili, že vaše osobné údaje sú u nás bezpečne uložené a spĺňajú regulačné požiadavky na ochranu osobných údajov a bezpečnosť, ktoré sa vzťahujú na podniky Európskej únie. Zabezpečujeme tiež, aby akýkoľvek iný príjemca vašich osobných údajov poskytoval primeranú úroveň ochrany a bezpečnosti, napríklad uzatvorením príslušných zmlúv o vzájomnom poskytovaní údajov a v prípade potreby štandardných zmluvných doložiek alebo alternatívneho mechanizmu prenosu údajov schváleného Európskou komisiou alebo iným platným regulačným orgánom. Postupy ochrany osobných údajov spoločnosti DoubleVerify opísané v tomto oznámení o ochrane osobných údajov sú v súlade so systémom cezhraničných pravidiel ochrany osobných údajov APEC (CBPR) a systémom uznávania ochrany osobných údajov pre spracovateľov (PRP). Systém APEC CBPR a systém APEC PRP poskytujú organizáciám rámce na zabezpečenie ochrany osobných údajov prenášaných medzi zúčastnenými ekonomikami APEC. Viac informácií o rámcoch APEC nájdete
tu
. Ak máte akékoľvek otázky o tom, kde ukladáme osobné údaje, môžete nás kontaktovať, ako je uvedené v časti 13 „
Ako sa obrátiť na spoločnosť DoubleVerify
“ tohto globálneho oznámenia o ochrane osobných údajov.
Okrem toho je spoločnosť DoubleVerify Inc. a jej dcérske spoločnosti Outrigger Media, Inc. d/b/a OpenSlate, Scibids Technology Inc., Zentrick Inc. (ďalej len „DoubleVerify“) v súlade s rámcom ochrany osobných údajov medzi EÚ a USA (DPF medzi EÚ a USA), doplnením Spojeného kráľovstva do DPF medzi EÚ a USA a rámcom ochrany osobných údajov medzi Švajčiarskom a USA (DPF medzi Švajčiarskom a USA) podľa nariadenia ministerstva obchodu USA. Spoločnosť DoubleVerify potvrdila ministerstvu obchodu USA, že dodržiava rámcové zásady ochrany osobných údajov (zásady DPF medzi EÚ a USA) týkajúce sa spracúvania osobných údajov prijatých z Európskej únie v závislosti od DPF medzi EÚ a USA a zo Spojeného kráľovstva (a Gibraltáru) v rámci doplnenia Spojeného kráľovstva na EÚ – USA DPF. Spoločnosť DoubleVerify potvrdila ministerstvu obchodu USA, že dodržiava rámcové zásady ochrany osobných údajov medzi Švajčiarskom a USA (zásady DPF medzi Švajčiarskom a USA) týkajúce sa spracúvania osobných údajov prijatých zo Švajčiarska v závislosti od DPF medzi Švajčiarskom a USA. V prípade akéhokoľvek rozporu medzi podmienkami uvedenými v týchto zásadách ochrany osobných údajov a medzi zásadami DPF medzi EÚ a USA a/alebo zásadami DPF medzi Švajčiarskom a USA sú rozhodujúce zásady. Ak sa chcete dozvedieť viac o programe rámca ochrany osobných údajov (DPF) a pozrieť si našu certifikáciu, navštívte stránku https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/.
Spoločnosť DoubleVerify je zodpovedná za spracúvanie osobných údajov, ktoré prijíma v rámci DPF, a následne ich prenáša tretej strane konajúcej ako zástupca v jej mene. Spoločnosť DoubleVerify dodržiava zásady DPF pri všetkých ďalších prenosoch osobných údajov z EÚ, Spojeného kráľovstva a Švajčiarska vrátane ustanovení o zodpovednosti za ďalší prenos.
Federálna obchodná komisia má jurisdikciu týkajúcu sa dodržiavania DPF medzi EÚ a USA, rozšírenia DPF medzi EÚ a USA na Spojené kráľovstvo a DPF medzi Švajčiarskom a USA spoločnosťou DoubleVerify. V určitých situáciách sa od spoločnosti DoubleVerify môže vyžadovať, aby zverejnila osobné údaje ako odpoveď na zákonné požiadavky verejných orgánov vrátane splnenia požiadaviek národnej bezpečnosti alebo presadzovania práva.
V súlade s DPF medzi EÚ a USA, doplnením DPF medzi EÚ a USA na Spojené kráľovstvo a DPF medzi Švajčiarskom a USA sa spoločnosť DoubleVerify zaväzuje postúpiť nevyriešené sťažnosti týkajúce sa nášho zaobchádzania s osobnými údajmi prijatými na základe opierania sa o DPF medzi EÚ a USA, doplnenie DPF medzi EÚ a USA na Spojené kráľovstvo a DPF medzi Švajčiarskom a USA spoločnosti TRUSTe alternatívnemu poskytovateľovi riešenia sporov so sídlom v Spojených štátoch amerických. Ak od nás nedostanete včasné potvrdenie o sťažnosti súvisiacej s princípmi DPF alebo ak sme vašu sťažnosť týkajúcu sa princípov DPF neriešili k vašej spokojnosti, navštívte stránku https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request, kde nájdete ďalšie informácie alebo kde môžete podať sťažnosť. Tieto služby riešenia sporov sa vám poskytujú bezplatne.
V prípade sťažností týkajúcich sa dodržiavania DPF, ktoré neboli vyriešené žiadnym iným mechanizmom DPF, máte za určitých podmienok možnosť využiť záväzné rozhodcovské konanie. Ďalšie informácie nájdete na oficiálnej webovej stránke DPF.
9. Aké máte práva?
Koncoví používatelia v niektorých jurisdikciách môžu mať práva subjektu údajov, ktoré im umožňujú podávať žiadosti týkajúce sa ich osobných údajov. Väčšina jurisdikcií tiež poskytuje koncovým používateľom právo byť informovaný o tom, ako sa akékoľvek osobné údaje zhromažďujú, používajú a komu môžu byť poskytnuté alebo zverejnené, ako aj na aké účely. Oznámenie o ochrane osobných údajov spoločnosti DoubleVerify je určené na splnenie všetkých takýchto požiadaviek, ale ak máte akékoľvek ďalšie otázky alebo chcete lepšie pochopiť, ako mohli byť vaše osobné údaje zhromaždené, použité alebo s kým mohli byť poskytované alebo zverejnené a prečo, obráťte sa na nás pomocou časti 13 „
Ako sa obrátiť na spoločnosť DoubleVerify
“ nižšie.
Obyvatelia Európskeho hospodárskeho priestoru, Spojeného kráľovstva, Švajčiarska alebo Kalifornie majú okrem iného niekoľko práv podľa platných právnych predpisov a nariadení o ochrane osobných údajov, ako napríklad podľa nariadenia GDPR a CCPA. Na uplatnenie týchto práv môžete použiť
tento formulár
alebo sa na nás obrátiť pomocou časti 13 „
Ako sa obrátiť na spoločnosť DoubleVerify
“ nižšie. V súlade s niektorými zákonmi a predpismi, ako je napríklad CCPA, môžete určiť aj oprávneného zástupcu, ktorý vo vašom mene podá žiadosť alebo uplatní právo. Nebudeme vás diskriminovať ani sa vám mstiť za uplatňovanie vašich práv.
Tieto práva sú:
právo na prístup ku všetkým osobným údajom, ktoré o vás môžeme mať, vrátane informácií o kategóriách a konkrétnych osobných údajoch;
právo na opravu akýchkoľvek nepresných osobných údajov, ktoré o vás môžeme mať. Upozorňujeme, že vzhľadom na povahu osobných údajov, ktoré zhromažďujeme, a spôsob, akým ich zhromažďujeme, je veľmi nepravdepodobné, že by sme uchovávali osobné údaje, ktoré sú nepresné alebo ktoré by spĺňali okolnosti vyžadujúce opravu;
právo požiadať spoločnosť DoubleVerify o vymazanie akýchkoľvek osobných údajov, ktoré o vás môžeme mať;
právo požiadať o pozastavenie alebo obmedzenie spracúvania vašich osobných údajov na určitý čas, napríklad kým posúdite, či máte iné práva, ktoré by ste chceli uplatniť;
pokiaľ sa vaše osobné údaje spracúvajú na základe oprávneného záujmu, máte právo namietať proti takémuto spracovaniu;
V rozsahu, v akom sú vaše osobné údaje spracúvané na základe vášho súhlasu, odvolať tento súhlas prostredníctvom rámca transparentnosti a súhlasu IAB Europe.
V maximálnej možnej miere splníme akúkoľvek žiadosť týkajúcu sa koncového používateľa za predpokladu, že ho môžeme priradiť k osobným údajom, ktoré máme v našich systémoch. Za určitých okolností však môžeme byť povinní overiť vašu totožnosť, aby sme mohli splniť žiadosť. Na overenie vašej totožnosti alebo pochopenie rozsahu vašej žiadosti môžeme potrebovať ďalšie informácie o vás. Na odoslanie žiadosti alebo jej vybavenie nie je potrebné vytvoriť si u nás konto. Budete musieť poskytnúť e-mailovú adresu, aby sme s vami mohli komunikovať a podporiť vašu žiadosť, ako aj všetky informácie, ktoré môžeme potrebovať, aby sme mohli overiť, či o vás máme nejaké osobné údaje. Upozorňujeme, že môžu nastať okolnosti, pre ktoré nebudeme môcť vašu žiadosť splniť, ale ak nebudeme môcť vašu žiadosť splniť, vysvetlíme vám, prečo. Pokiaľ o vás nemáme žiadne osobné údaje, dáme vám o tom vedieť. Vyvíjame maximálne úsilie, aby sme na všetky otázky a žiadosti odpovedali čo najskôr, ale počítajte s tým, že na odpoveď môžeme čakať až tridsať (30) dní.
Pokiaľ spoločnosť DoubleVerify slúži ako prevádzkovateľ, dodávateľ alebo poskytovateľ služieb, ako je definované v platných právnych predpisoch, možno budete musieť svoje žiadosti o uplatnenie svojich práv smerovať na príslušného zákazníka, ktorý slúži ako prevádzkovateľ alebo podnik.
10. Dodatočné zverejnenia
Niektoré zákony a nariadenia o ochrane osobných údajov, ako napríklad CCPA, vyžadujú, aby podniky zverejnili, či predávajú osobné údaje. Spoločnosť DoubleVerify nezverejňuje osobné údaje spôsobom, ktorý by predstavoval predaj alebo poskytovanie podľa kalifornských a nevadských či podobných zákonov.
11. Používa spoločnosť DoubleVerify umelú inteligenciu?
Spoločnosť DoubleVerify používa umelú inteligenciu („AI“) v rôznych funkciách a rôznymi spôsobmi v celej organizácii. Hoci spoločnosť DoubleVerify využíva technológie umelej inteligencie, nezapájame sa do „automatizovaného rozhodovania“, ako je definované v platných právnych predpisoch a nariadeniach o ochrane osobných údajov.
12. Rozhodné právo
V príslušnom rozsahu, ktorý pripúšťajú platné právne predpisy a nariadenia, sa toto oznámenie o ochrane osobných údajov týkajúce sa riešení riadi a vykladá v súlade s vnútornými zákonmi štátu Delaware a súdna právomoc a miesto konania v prípade akéhokoľvek sporu bude v štáte Delaware.
13. Aktualizujeme toto oznámenie o ochrane osobných údajov riešení?
Toto oznámenie o ochrane osobných údajov riešení môžeme z času na čas aktualizovať, aby odrážalo zmeny v našich riešeniach, postupoch, zásadách alebo iné interné alebo externé zmeny, ako aj aby sme splnili nové právne požiadavky. Všetky zmeny budú zverejnené hneď, ako vstúpia do platnosti. Ak vykonáme aktualizácie, aktualizujeme dátum účinnosti uvedený v hornej časti tohto oznámenia o ochrane osobných údajov, aby ste lepšie pochopili, kedy boli zmeny vykonané. Ak chcete byť informovaní o všetkých takýchto aktualizáciách, odporúčame vám, aby ste sa pravidelne vracali k tomuto oznámeniu o ochrane osobných údajov. Upozorňujeme, že akýkoľvek preklad tohto oznámenia o ochrane osobných údajov riešení je určený výlučne na uľahčenie vášho prístupu k týmto informáciám. Anglická verzia je jedinou oficiálnou verziou tohto oznámenia o ochrane osobných údajov riešení a akékoľvek nepresnosti alebo nezrovnalosti v preklade nie sú záväzné a nemajú žiadny právny účinok na účely dodržiavania alebo presadzovania.
14. Ako sa obrátiť na spoločnosť DoubleVerify?
Ak máte akékoľvek otázky, obavy alebo pripomienky týkajúce sa tohto oznámenia o ochrane osobných údajov alebo sa domnievate, že vaše osobné údaje boli použité spôsobom, ktorý nie je v súlade s týmto oznámením o ochrane osobných údajov alebo vašimi rozhodnutiami, môžete sa obrátiť na náš tím pre ochranu osobných údajov na adrese:
Referent pre ochranu osobných údajov/zodpovedná osoba pre ochranu údajov (tím pre ochranu osobných údajov) Kontaktné údaje
DoubleVerify Inc.
462 Broadway
New York, NY 10013
privacy-policy@doubleverify.com
Ak máte nevyriešený problém týkajúci sa ochrany osobných údajov alebo používania údajov, ktorý sme uspokojivo nevyriešili, obráťte sa na nášho poskytovateľa riešenia sporov tretej strany so sídlom v USA (bezplatne) na adrese
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
. Zaväzujeme sa, že dosiahneme spravodlivé riešenie akejkoľvek sťažnosti alebo obáv, ktoré môžete mať v súvislosti s vašou ochranou osobných údajov alebo týmto oznámením o ochrane osobných údajov. Ak sa však domnievate, že sme vám nedokázali pomôcť, nič v tomto oznámení o ochrane osobných údajov riešení neobmedzuje ani sa nepokúša obmedziť vaše práva podľa platných zákonov vrátane možnosti podať sťažnosť miestnemu úradu na ochranu údajov alebo inej agentúre, ktorá má právomoc rozhodovať o záležitostiach týkajúcich sa ochrany osobných údajov, v závislosti od krajiny vášho pobytu.
Datum začetka veljavnosti: 28. 6. 2024
Pregled
DoubleVerify, Inc. z globalnimi podružnicami (skupaj „
DoubleVerify
“, „
mi
“, „
nas
“ ali „
naš
“) je vodilna panožna družba, ki zagotavlja pregledno in odgovorno spletno oglaševanje. V družbi DoubleVerify uporabljamo različne tehnologije za zbiranje informacij o spletnem oglaševanju, prometu na spletnih mestih, prometu prek mobilnih aplikacij in prometu prek povezanih naprav, s čimer zagotavljamo izdelke in rešitve za pregledno in odgovorno oglaševanje (skupaj „
rešitve
“). To obvestilo o zasebnosti („
Obvestilo o
zasebnosti rešitev
“) pojasnjuje, kdo smo, kako prek naših rešitev zbiramo, uporabljamo in delimo osebne podatke ter kako lahko uveljavljate svoje pravice do zasebnosti.
Če želite več informacij o tem, kako v družbi DoubleVerify obdelujemo osebne podatke, zbrane na naših javno dostopnih spletnih mestih, si oglejte naše
Obvestilo o zasebnosti spletnih mest in trženja
.
Če uporabljate rešitve DoubleVerify in želite več informacij o tem, kako v družbi DoubleVerify obdelujemo osebne podatke, zbrane prek naših orodij za poročanje, si oglejte naše
Obvestilo o zasebnosti orodij za poročanje
.
Hitre povezave
Priporočamo vam, da preberete celotno Obvestilo o zasebnosti rešitev, da boste obveščeni v celoti. Za lažje iskanje po besedilu in ogled izbranih delov pa smo Obvestilo o zasebnosti rešitev razčlenili na naslednje razdelke:
Kdo je družba DoubleVerify?
Kakšna je naša vloga, kakšne cilje imamo in kakšna je naša pravna podlaga za obdelavo?
Katere podatke zbiramo in za kakšne namene?
Kako uporabljamo zbrane podatke?
Kako in komu razkrivamo zbrane podatke?
Kako dolgo hranimo osebne podatke?
Kako varujemo osebne podatke?
Kako osebne podatke prenašamo v druge države?
Kakšne so vaše pravice?
Dodatna razkritja
Ali družba DoubleVerify uporablja umetno inteligenco?
Veljavno pravo
Ali posodabljamo to Obvestilo o zasebnosti rešitev?
Kako stopiti v stik z družbo DoubleVerify?
1. Kdo je družba DoubleVerify?
Akreditirane platforme družbe DoubleVerify omogočajo neodvisno merjenje digitalnih medijev, podatke in analitiko zagotavljanja vtisa oglasov in prometa na spletnem mestu, s čimer oglaševalcem, agencijam in prodajalcem oglasnega prostora (skupno „
stranke
“) pomagajo potrditi natančne lastnosti prikazovanja, vključno z varnostjo blagovnih znamk, meritvami vidnosti, kontekstualnimi in okoljskimi parametri (npr. spletno mesto, na katerem se prikaže oglas, in mesto na spletni strani, kjer se oglas prikaže) ter značilnostmi kakovosti vtisa oglasov in prometa na spletnem mestu, obenem pa strankam zagotavljajo vpoglede, s pomočjo katerih lahko sprejemajo utemeljene odločitve o umeščanju svojih ustvarjalnih vsebin in blagovnih znamk.
Pri tem verjamemo v zagotavljanje močne zaščite zasebnosti vsakega posameznika, čigar informacije lahko obdelujemo v kateri koli vlogi, saj menimo, da je zasebnost temeljna pravica in zato neodvisna od vaše geografske lokacije. Ker si prizadevamo vselej upoštevati to načelo, vse informacije, ki se nanašajo ali so povezani z določenim ali določljivim posameznikom, obravnavamo kot „osebne informacije“ – ne glede na to, kje se zadevni posameznik nahaja. Ker se nanašajo na naše rešitve, v družbi DoubleVerify vse informacije, ki jih zbiramo, omejimo na informacije, ki ne omogočajo identifikacije posameznika brez dodatnih informacij.  Na primer: v družbi DoubleVerify obdelujemo naslove internetnega protokola („IP-naslov“) – številke, ki se računalnikom samodejno dodeli ob uporabi interneta.  Čeprav v družbi DoubleVerify take podatke obravnavamo kot osebne podatke, pa jih v skladu z najboljšimi praksami in veljavno zakonodajo nikoli ne kombiniramo z drugimi podatki, ki bi nam omogočili identifikacijo posameznika, na katerega se nanašajo.
To Obvestilo o zasebnosti rešitev je namenjeno obveščanju posameznikov, katerih podatki se lahko obdelujejo prek naših rešitev („
končni uporabnik/-i
“ ali „
vi
“ in „
vaš
“), o: (1) vrstah informacij, ki jih družba DoubleVerify lahko zbira o vas ali vaši napravi, ko vam na našem spletnem mestu, ki si ga ogledujete, ali v aplikaciji, ki jo uporabljate, prikažemo oglas, ki ga analiziramo, (2) naših praksah varovanja zasebnosti, načinu, na katerega lahko uporabljamo, delimo in drugače obdelujemo informacije, ki veljajo za osebne informacije, in (3) vaših pravicah v zvezi s tovrstnimi osebnimi informacijami.  To Obvestilo o zasebnosti rešitev pojasnjuje tudi, katere neosebne informacije („
tehnične informacije
“) zbiramo o oglasih, ki jim sledimo, in kako te tehnične informacije uporabljamo za omogočanje naših rešitev.
2. Kakšna je naša vloga, kakšne cilje imamo in kakšna je naša pravna podlaga za obdelavo?
Rešitve družbe DoubleVerify za prepoznavanje in odpravljanje goljufij („
odpravljanje goljufij
“) in geografsko preverjanje skladnosti  („
geografsko preverjanje
“) zahtevajo obdelavo osebnih informacij.  Razen v omejenih okoliščinah, opisanih spodaj, v zvezi z zakoni in predpisi, kot je Splošna uredba o varstvu podatkov („
GDPR
“), družba DoubleVerify odpravljanje goljufij izvaja v vlogi „upravljavca“, geografsko preverjanje pa v vlogi „obdelovalca“. V zvezi s kalifornijskim zakonom o zasebnosti potrošnikov („
CCPA
“) in drugimi regulativnimi okviri ZDA se lahko poimenovanje naše vloge razlikuje glede na odnos s posamezno stranko. Ker osebne podatke, ki jih obdelujemo, zbira naša tehnologija, „na voljo“ pa nam jih dajejo naše stranke, na splošno delujemo kot „pogodbenik“ v skladu s CCPA ali kot „obdelovalec“ v skladu z drugimi državnimi zakoni in regulativnimi okvirji ZDA.  Ne glede na zgoraj navedeno, v omejenih okoliščinah, v katerih so osebni podatki deljeni z družbo DoubleVerify prek prilagojenih integracij in drugih nestandardnih sredstev, npr. ko take osebne podatke zbere in družbi DoubleVerify v analizo posreduje stranka, smo lahko ves čas opredeljeni kot „obdelovalec“ ali „ponudnik storitev“ v skladu s CCPA.  Ta scenarij je najpogostejši v naših partnerstvih s strankami družbenih medijev in drugimi strankami, ki upravljajo lastniška okolja, ki se pogosto imenujejo „obzidani vrtovi“.
Razen odpravljanja goljufij, ki po potrebi vključuje zahteve za kvalificiranje vtisov v skladu s standardnimi industrijskimi praksami (npr. smernicami Sveta za ocenjevanje medijev) in geografskega preverjanja, druge rešitve DoubleVerify (kot so vidnost, varnost blagovne znamke in primernost) na splošno ne zahtevajo obdelave osebnih podatkov. Vendar pa obstajajo posebne okoliščine, npr. ko takšne rešitve zagotavljamo strankam, ki upravljajo „obzidane vrtove“ in ki lahko v vlogi upravljavcev od družbe DoubleVerify zahtevajo obdelavo dodatnih osebnih podatkov končnih uporabnikov ali posameznikov, ki ustvarjajo račune in vsebine v strankinih okoljih. V vsakem takem scenariju odločitve o osebnih podatkih za obdelavo sprejemajo stranke, ki v vlogi upravljavcev po lastni presoji določijo tudi pravno podlago za obdelavo teh osebnih podatkov. Za dodatne informacije o praksah varovanja zasebnosti teh strank, obdelanih osebnih podatkih in veljavni pravni podlagi obdelave si oglejte ustrezno in veljavno obvestilo ali izjave o zasebnosti posamezne stranke. Če se glede teh programov obrnete na družbo DoubleVerify, vam lahko zagotovimo nekaj osnovnih informacij o delu, ki ga opravljamo za te stranke, vendar vam priporočamo, da se obrnete na posamezno stranko ali si ogledate dokumentacijo o zasebnosti, ki je na voljo na njenih mestih.
Glede na zakone, kot je uredba GDPR, pravna podlaga družbe DoubleVerify za obdelavo osebnih informacij prek naših rešitev je zakoniti interes: (i) naših kupcev, ki se želijo izogniti goljufijam, povezanim z oglasi, ter končnim uporabnikom predstaviti geografsko natančne in skladne informacije, (ii) končnih uporabnikov, ki želijo prejemati geografsko natančne in skladne informacije brez goljufij ter (iii) širše javnosti za nadaljnjo razpoložljivost brezplačnega interneta.
V družbi DoubleVerify sodelujemo v ogrodju za transparentnost in soglasje organizacije IAB (TCFv2.2 – ID dobavitelja 126) in zakoniti interes uporabljamo kot podlago za zbiranje podatkov za naslednje namene:
Zagotavljanje varnosti, preprečevanje in odkrivanje goljufij ter odpravljanje napak (1. posebni namen)
Zagotavljanje in prikazovanje oglasov in vsebin (2. posebni namen)
Shranjevanje in posredovanje odločitev glede zasebnosti (3. posebni namen)
Merjenje uspešnosti oglasov (7. namen)
Razvijanje in izboljševanje storitev (10. namen)
V omejenih scenarijih lahko subjekt, ki je na lastnini, kjer se izvajajo rešitve DoubleVerify, odgovoren za okvir za transparentnost in soglasje organizacije IAB Europe, zahteva soglasje za naše geografsko preverjanje. V teh zelo omejenih primerih bi soglasje veljalo za:
Uporabo omejenih podatkov za izbiro oglasov (2. namen)
Merjenje uspešnosti oglasov (7. namen)
Razvijanje in izboljševanje storitev (10. namen)
3. Katere podatke zbiramo in za kakšne namene?
Družba DoubleVerify za izvajanje svojih poslovnih namenov zagotavljanja, vzdrževanja in izboljševanja svojih rešitev zbira in uporablja nekatere kategorije osebnih in tehničnih informacij.  Kategorije osebnih in tehničnih informacij, ki jih obdelujemo z rešitvami družbe DoubleVerify, so opisane spodaj.  V kolikor so osebne informacije potrebne za delovanje ene ali več funkcij rešitve družbe DoubleVerify, bodo tovrstne osebne informacije uporabljene samo za posebne namene, navedene spodaj, razen če zakonodaja ne zahteva drugače.  Poleg tega bomo morali za zagotovitev ustreznega delovanja rešitev družbe DoubleVerify v nekaterih okoliščinah osebne informacije morebiti obdelati skupaj z nekaterimi tehničnimi informacijami. V takšnih okoliščinah združeni podatki veljajo za osebne informacije in so temu ustrezno zaščiteni. Osebnih in tehničnih informacij, ki jih obdelujemo, nikoli ne združujemo, analiziramo ali bogatimo z dodatnimi informacijami z namenom prepoznavanja končnih uporabnikov.  Vam ali vašim spletnim dejavnostim nikoli ne sledimo v aplikacijah in na spletnih mestih ali dolgoročno, prav tako pa se ne zanašamo na trajne tehnologije, kot so piškotki tretjih oseb, in nikoli ne ustvarjamo profilov ali ciljnih skupin za ciljno usmerjanje na posameznike.
Kategorije tehničnih informacij, zbranih in uporabljenih za omogočanje rešitev družbe DoubleVerify:
Atributi oglaševalske kampanje – v družbi DoubleVerify zberemo in obdelamo identifikator oglaševalca, ki prikaže oglas, identifikatorje njegove kampanje in umestitve ter identifikatorje medijske lastnine, ki prodaja oglasni prostor oglaševalcu ali kateri koli posredniški oglaševalski platformi. S temi podatki lahko identificiramo stranko, ki ji zagotavljamo storitve, uporabimo ustrezne nastavitve zanjo, segmentiramo poročila o stranki v skladu s temi identifikatorji ter stranki izstavljamo račune.
Atributi spletne vsebine – v družbi DoubleVerify zberemo spletni naslov (URL-naslov) strani/okvira, v katerem se prikazuje oglas, in naslove vseh napotitvenih strani/okvirjev, s čimer zagotovimo, da se oglasi prikažejo v pravem kontekstu, ki ga je stranka določila v nastavitvah svojega profila v našem sistemu.
Atributi mobilne aplikacije – ime mobilne aplikacije, ID mobilne aplikacije, trgovina z aplikacijami, razvijalec aplikacije, zvezdične ocene aplikacije, starostna ocena aplikacije in druge javno dostopne informacije o mobilni aplikaciji, v kateri se prikazuje oglas.  Te informacije uporabljamo za zagotovitev prikazovanja oglasov v pravem kontekstu, ki ga je stranka določila v nastavitvah svojega profila v našem sistemu.
Atributi digitalnega okolja – v družbi DoubleVerify zberemo podatke o vrsti povezane naprave, na kateri se prikazuje oglas (mobilna naprava, namizni računalnik, povezani televizor ali druga naprava), vrsti in različici brskalnika, ki se uporabljata za prikaz strani, na kateri se prikazuje oglas, in operacijskem sistemu, s čimer opredelimo, katera različica naše kode bi se pravilno prikazovala v tem okolju, ter ustrezno izmerimo, ali je bilo oglas mogoče videti na  zaslonu v skladu z industrijskimi standardi, ki se med posameznimi okolji razlikujejo.
Atributi vidnosti – v družbi DoubleVerify zberemo podatke o lokaciji oglasa na strani, velikosti oglasa, velikosti zaslona, ​​velikosti vidnega polja, osredotočenosti na zavihek, osredotočenosti na brskalnik, času trajanja oglasa na vidnem del spletne strani in položaju med drsenjem po spletni strani, s čimer opredelimo, ali je bilo oglas mogoče videti na zaslonu, ter o tem poročamo strankam.
Atributi izpostavljenosti in angažiranosti – v družbi DoubleVerify zberemo podatke, ki prikazujejo, ali so obiskovalci na oglas kliknili, potegnili preko njega, pritisnili nanj, se ga dotaknili, spremenili njegovo velikost, ga preskočili, utišali, prekinili, zasukali, na njem podržali kurzor ali zmanjšali njegovo glasnost. S temi podatki strankam pomagamo izmeriti uspešnost oglasa, oglaševalske kampanje ali medijske lastnine.
Kategorije podatkov, ki jih zbiramo in uporabljamo za omogočanje odpravljanja goljufij:
Psevdonimne elektronske identifikatorje prisotnosti in naprave (tj. IP-naslov, niz uporabniškega agenta ali izpeljanke teh dveh vrednosti) uporabljamo za izvedbo ocene, s katero ugotovimo, ali spletna prisotnost ali naprava sodeluje v goljufiji oz. ali je z njo povezana.
Kategorije podatkov, ki jih zbiramo in uporabljamo za omogočanje geografskega preverjanja:
Psevdonimne elektronske identifikatorje prisotnosti in naprave (IP-naslov) zbiramo za določitev geografske lokacije, s katero so povezani.  Vsak IP je povezan z državo, v ZDA pa je lahko povezan z natančnejšimi informacijami, kot je poštna številka.  Nikoli ne zbiramo natančnih informacij o vaši geolokaciji.
V omejenih okoliščinah lahko nekatere stranke, npr. stranke, ki delujejo kot „obzidani vrtovi“, od družbe DoubleVerify zahtevajo obdelavo dodatnih osebnih podatkov za zagotavljanje svojih rešitev. Tovrstni dodatni osebni podatki se lahko nanašajo na končne uporabnike, na posameznike, ki ustvarjajo račune v omenjenih „obzidanih vrtovih“, ali na posameznike, ki ustvarjajo vsebino, ki je objavljena v okoljih teh „obzidanih vrtov“. V kolikor stranka, ki deluje kot „obzidani vrt“, od družbe DoubleVerify zahteva obdelavo dodatnih osebnih podatkov za zagotavljanje določenih rešitev, družba DoubleVerify te osebne podatke obdela izključno za namen izpolnjevanja svojih obveznosti do stranke in strogo v skladu s strankinimi navodili, kot je potrebno za delovanje, vzdrževanje in, kjer je primerno, izboljšanje rešitev. S temi strankami prek skrbnega sodelovanja zagotavljamo, da so obdelani osebni podatki omejeni samo na osebne podatke, ki so potrebni za doseganje teh namenov. V omejenih okoliščinah lahko naša interakcija z „obzidanimi vrtovi“ povzroči nenačrtovan prejem osebnih podatkov. Družba DoubleVerify skrbno spremlja vse tovrstne primere za preprečitev obdelave prejetih osebnih podatkov in zagotovitev njihove varne odstranitve iz naših sistemov. Ker so v teh scenarijih posebne kategorije osebnih podatkov odvisne od integracije po meri in odločitev stranke, obenem pa se razlikujejo od stranke do stranke, vam priporočamo, da se z morebitnimi dodatnimi vprašanji obrnete na posamezno stranko ali si ogledate dokumentacijo o zasebnosti, ki je na voljo na njenih mestih.
Rešitve niso namenjene ali usmerjene v obdelavo osebnih informacij otrok.  Zavestno ne zbiramo osebnih podatkov otrok, kot je ta izraz občasno opredeljen z veljavnimi zakoni.  Če ste starš ali skrbnik in menite, da so bile osebne informacije vašega otroka obdelane z našimi rešitvami, se obrnite na nas prek spodnjih podatkov v 13. poglavju „
Kako stopiti v stik z družbo DoubleVerify
“, mi pa bomo sprejeli ustrezne ukrepe za varen izbris osebnih informacij vašega otroka iz naših sistemov.
4. Kako uporabljamo zbrane podatke?
V družbi DoubleVerify uporabljamo samo tehnične in osebne informacije, zbrane za namene, opisane v 3. poglavju „
Katere podatke zbiramo in za kakšne namene?
“ tega Obvestila o zasebnosti rešitev.  Na splošno tehnične informacije in vaše osebne informacije obdelujemo za zagotavljanje poročanja, nadzornih plošč, povratnih informacij in vpogledov za naše stranke („
poročanje
“).  Poročanje družbe DV v vsakršni obliki je anonimizirano in združeno, v obsegu, v katerem so zahtevane informacije o ravni vtisa, pa je je vsak vtis deidentificiran, s čimer zagotovimo, da se osebni podatki končnih uporabnikov nikoli ne delijo s strankami.  Ne glede na zgoraj navedeno lahko poročila, zasnovana za stranke, ki delujejo kot „obzidani vrtovi“ (npr. družbe, ki zagotavljajo družbene medije), in druge stranke, ki potrebujejo tovrstna poročila (npr. družbe, ki oglašujejo v družbenih medijih), vključujejo informacije o posameznikih, ki ustvarjajo račune v teh „obzidanih vrtovih“, ali o posameznikih, ki ustvarjajo vsebino, objavljeno v okoljih teh „obzidanih vrtov“. To poglavje ponuja dodaten vpogled v načine obdelave tehničnih informacij in vaših osebnih informacij za doseganje poslovnih namenov, določenih v 3. poglavju tega Obvestila o zasebnosti rešitev.
Družba DoubleVerify uporablja tehnične informacije, zbrane z rešitvami, kot je določeno v poglavju 3.1, in sicer za naslednje namene:
Za analiziranje in poročanje o kontekstu, v katerem so oglasi prikazani, njihovi kakovosti, verodostojnosti in učinkovitosti.  Natančneje gre za informacije, ki dokazujejo, ali je prikazani oglas v skladu s strankinimi vnaprej določenimi zakonskimi zahtevami in zahtevami glede umestitve, pa tudi s prednostnimi nastavitvami, ki jih je stranka določila v našem sistemu.
Za zagotovitev vpogledov in vnaprejšnjega odločanja o priložnostih za ustvarjanje vtisa.  Tehnologija družbe DoubleVerify analizira podatkovne značilnosti posamezne priložnosti za vtis in določi, ali naj se strankin oglas prikaže ali ne, npr. z opredelitvijo, ali je okoliška vsebina usklajena z blagovno znamko in preferencami te stranke.
V družbi DoubleVerify za odpravljanje goljufij uporabljamo tehnične in osebne informacije, zbrane z rešitvami, kot je določeno v poglavjih 3.1 in 3.2, in sicer za naslednje namene:
Za pregledovanje in prepoznavanje določenih vtisov goljufivih oglasov, ki jih ustvarjajo nečloveški brskalniki in ki so pod nadzorom botov.
Za ocenjevanje in prepoznavanje neveljavnega prometa, kot je promet, ki ga ustvarijo injektorji oglasov, promet, ki izvira iz podatkovnih centrov, napačno predstavljen promet, posneman promet in druge vrste neveljavnega prometa.
Analiziranje in prepoznavanje spletnih mest, aplikacij za mobilne naprave in povezanih naprav ter lastnosti medijev z goljufivim prometom in/ali lažnimi oglaševalskimi vtisi.
Prepoznavanje vzorcev prometa na spletnih mestih, ki sodelujejo v goljufivih oglaševalskih dejavnostih.
Razlikovanje med prometom, ki ga ustvarjajo nečloveški brskalniki, ki so pod nadzorom botov, in človeški brskalniki.
Opredeljevanje, ali analizirani oglasi ustrezajo veljavnim zakonskim zahtevam in preferencam, ki jih določijo stranke.
Opredeljevanje, ali poskuša vmesna programska oprema napačno predstaviti svoje operativne značilnosti z namenom preprečitve prepoznavanja goljufij ali drugega neveljavnega prometa.
Opredeljevanje, ali promet na spletnem mestu ali vtisi oglasov izvirajo iz strežniške farme in ne iz človeške brskalne dejavnosti.
Opredeljevanje, ali se promet pridobiva z goljufivimi postopki ali z drugimi praksami pridobivanja prometa, ki niso v skladu s strankinimi smernicami ali preferencami.
Vodenje evidenc o IP-naslovih in nizih uporabniških agentov, povezanih z goljufivimi shemami in nečloveškim prometom („preglednice goljufij“).  Ker so takšne podatkovne točke povezane z nečloveškimi interakcijami, ne predstavljajo osebnih informacij.
V družbi DoubleVerify za geografsko preverjanje uporabljamo tehnične in osebne informacije, zbrane z rešitvami, kot je določeno v poglavju 3.3, in sicer za naslednje namene:
Izvajanje ocene geografske lokacije končnega uporabnika na visoki ravni (država, zvezna država, regija ali, za prebivalce ZDA, poštna številka) in preverjanje, ali se končni uporabnik nahaja v okviru strankine kampanje ali nastavitev prometa.
V kolikor stranka, ki deluje kot „obzidani vrt“, od družbe DoubleVerify zahteva obdelavo dodatnih osebnih podatkov za zagotavljanje določenih rešitev, družba DoubleVerify te osebne podatke obdela izključno za namen izpolnjevanja svojih obveznosti do stranke in strogo v skladu s strankinimi navodili, kot je potrebno za delovanje, vzdrževanje in, kjer je primerno, izboljšanje rešitev. Priporočamo vam, da se z morebitnimi vprašanji obrnete na posamezno stranko ali si ogledate dokumentacijo o zasebnosti, ki je na voljo na njenih mestih.
5. Kako in komu razkrivamo zbrane podatke?
Družba DoubleVerify osebnih informacij ne razkriva tretjim osebam, razen če je to nujno potrebno za naše poslovne namene zagotavljanja, vzdrževanja in izboljševanja naših rešitev.  V obsegu, v katerem osebne informacije prostovoljno delimo, zagotavljamo, da jih prejemniki varujejo na način, ki je skladen z našimi pravilniki in standardi.
Vaše osebne informacije lahko delimo z naslednjimi strankami:
Ponudniki storitev – podjetja, ki smo jih najeli za zagotavljanje storitev, kot so IT in sistemska administracija, storitve infrastrukture in gostovanja, raziskave in analitika, podpora in zagotavljanje kakovosti ter varnostne in druge storitve, pri čemer so nameni in pravna podlaga zanje opisani zgoraj. Če se obrnete na nas, lahko zahtevate seznam naših ponudnikov storitev ter podatke o osebnih informacijah, ki jih prejmejo, in za kakšne namene jih uporabljajo.  Kontaktne podatke najdete v 13. poglavju tega Obvestila o zasebnosti za rešitve, „
Kako stopiti v stik z družbo DoubleVerify
“.
Pridružene družbe – npr. matična družba, sestrske družbe, hčerinske družbe, skupna podjetja ali druge družbe pod skupnim nadzorom, in sicer v obsegu, v katerem je razkrivanje potrebno za zagotavljanje, vzdrževanje in izboljševanje naših rešitev.  Če se obrnete na nas, lahko zahtevate seznam naših pridruženih družb ter podatke o osebnih informacijah, ki jih prejmejo, in za kakšne namene jih uporabljajo.  Kontaktne podatke najdete v 13. poglavju tega Obvestila o zasebnosti za rešitve, „
Kako stopiti v stik z družbo DoubleVerify
“.
Tretje osebe, s katerimi sodelujejo naše stranke – za podporo našim strankam lahko svoje rešitve integriramo z drugimi orodji in storitvami, ki jih stranke uporabljajo za zagotavljanje boljših storitev in poročanja.  Iz teh integracij nikoli ne prejemamo podatkov, ki bi družbi DoubleVerify omogočili obogatitev naših podatkov in prepoznavanje končnih uporabnikov.  V omejenih okoliščinah lahko informacije o ravni vtisov delimo z družbami, ki jih naše stranke najamejo za izvajanje raziskav o tržni učinkovitosti.  V omejenih okoliščinah lahko stranke zahtevajo, da delimo določene osebne podatke, ki so potrebni za omogočanje delovanja izdelka ali storitve, katere ne upravlja družba DoubleVerify.
Tretje stranke, vključene v korporacijsko transakcijo – v primeru nakupa družbe DoubleVerify ali njene združitve z drugo družbo ali v primeru reorganizacije, razpustitve ali druge temeljne spremembe v družbi.
V skladu z zakonom bomo morebiti morali razkriti vaše osebne informacije v naslednjih primerih:
(a) če vladni subjekt, razsodišče, organ pregona ali regulativna agencija zahteva tovrstno razkritje (npr. v sklopu preiskave v teku, sodnega poziva ali podobnega pravnega postopka);
(b) v skladu z drugačnimi zahtevami veljavne zakonodaje, predpisov ali pravila; in
(c) če v dobri veri verjamemo, da je tovrstno razkritje potrebno za zaščito ali obrambo naših pravic ali pravic drugih, za pomoč pri preiskavi ali za preprečevanje nezakonitih dejavnosti.
Preglednice goljufij in druga poročila o odpravljanju goljufij, vire podatkov, API-je in nadzorne plošče, ki ne vsebujejo osebnih informacij, lahko delimo ali damo na voljo kupcem in drugim tretjim strankam, npr. vključno z industrijskimi organizacijami, če družba DoubleVerify to potrebuje za izpolnjevanje svojih poslovnih namenov zagotavljanja, vzdrževanja in izboljševanja dela naših rešitev, namenjenega odpravljanju goljufij in boju proti oglaševalskim goljufijam.
Vaših osebnih informacij ne delimo z našimi strankami.  Vsa poročila in analitika, ki jih kupcem omogočamo prek našega portala za poročanje, so anonimni, kar pomeni, da ne vsebujejo osebnih informacij.  Poročila so na splošno združena, vendar v omejenih okoliščinah strankam prek končnih točk FTP ali API-jev posredujemo poročila  o ravni vtisov, vendar pod pogojem, da taka poročila ne vsebujejo nobenih osebnih informacij.  Tehnične informacije, ki so anonimne, lahko v združeni obliki ali v surovi obliki delimo s tretjimi strankami, ki jih po lastni presoji potrebujemo za izpolnjevanje naših poslovnih namenov zagotavljanja, vzdrževanja in izboljševanja rešitev.  Poleg tega lahko v običajnem poteku poslovanja delimo anonimne ali deidentificirane podatke, npr. za objavljanje študij primerov in poročil, ki prikazujejo trende o prednostih in učinkovitosti naših rešitev.
V izogib dvomom družba DoubleVerify osebnih podatkov ne razkriva subjektom, ki v skladu z zakoni, kot je CCPA, delujejo kot „družba“ ali „tretja oseba“.
6. Kako dolgo hranimo osebne podatke?
V družbi DoubleVerify vse osebne informacije, obdelane z našimi rešitvami, hranimo le toliko časa, kolikor je potrebno za izpolnitev namenov, opisanih v tem Obvestilu o zasebnosti rešitev, in v nobenem primeru dlje kot petinštirideset (45) dni.  Po izteku tega obdobja osebne informacijo varno odstranimo iz sistemov družbe DoubleVerify.
Preglednice goljufij se lahko hranijo za nedoločen čas za zagotavljanje ustrezne funkcionalnosti rešitve za odpravljanje goljufij.
Ker so tehnične informacije anonimne, jih lahko v družbi DoubleVerify hranimo za nedoločen čas ali dokler je drugače določeno v pravilnikih družbe DoubleVerify ter dovoljeno v skladu z veljavno zakonodajo in sporazumi družbe DoubleVerify s svojimi strankami.
7. Kako varujemo osebne podatke?
V družbi DoubleVerify smo sprejeli ustrezne tehnične, fizične in organizacijske ukrepe, namenjene zaščiti osebnih informacij pred naključnim ali nezakonitim uničenjem ali nenamerno izgubo, škodo, spreminjanjem, nepooblaščenim razkritjem ali dostopom, pa tudi pred vsemi drugimi oblikami nezakonite obdelave.  Čeprav upoštevamo splošno sprejete standarde in najboljše prakse za zaščito osebnih informacij, pa noben način shranjevanja ali prenosa ni 100-odstotno varen.  Kljub temu si nenehno prizadevamo izboljševati naše zaščitne ukrepe in zaščititi vaše osebne informacije.
8. Kako mednarodno prenašamo osebne podatke?
Upoštevajte, da se osebne informacije, ki jih zbiramo, lahko prenašajo in hranijo na strežnikih ali v podatkovnih bazah zunaj vaše zvezne države, pokrajine, države ali druge jurisdikcije.  Čeprav se vaše osebne informacije lahko posredujejo prek lokalnega začasnega podatkovnega centra, s čimer se zagotovijo učinkovite in odzivne rešitve, v družbi DoubleVerify hranimo vse osebne informacije, zbrane prek rešitev v ZDA.  Kot globalna družba imamo pisarne v ZDA, Veliki Britaniji, Franciji, Belgiji, Nemčiji, Izraelu, Kanadi, Mehiki, Braziliji, Avstraliji, Singapurju ter na Finskem in Japonskem.  Možno je, da morajo naši zaposleni na teh lokacijah za podporo našim rešitvam dostopati do vaših osebnih informacij.  Raven varstva podatkov, vzpostavljena na nekaterih od teh lokacij, npr. v ZDA, je lahko nižja od ravni, določene v Evropski uniji ali drugih jurisdikcijah, ki so sprejele stroge zakone in predpise o zasebnosti.
V družbi DoubleVerify sprejemamo ukrepe, s katerimi zagotavljamo, da so vaše osebne informacije pri nas varno shranjene in da izpolnjujemo zakonske zahteve glede zasebnosti in varnosti, ki veljajo za družbe v Evropski uniji.  Obenem zagotavljamo, da vsi drugi prejemniki vaših osebnih informacij nudijo ustrezno raven zaščite in varnosti, npr. s sklenitvijo ustreznih sporazumov o kritju in po potrebi z uvedbo standardnih pogodbenih klavzul ali alternativnega mehanizma za prenos podatkov, ki ga je odobrila Evropska komisija ali drug veljavni regulativni organ. Praksa varovanja zasebnosti družbe DoubleVerify, opisana v tem Obvestilu o zasebnosti, je v skladu s sistemom APEC čezmejnih pravil o zasebnosti (CBPR) in sistemom za priznavanje zasebnosti za obdelovalce (PRP).  Sistem APEC CBPR in sistem APEC PRP zagotavljata okvir za organizacije, ki zagotavlja zaščito pri prenosih osebnih informacij med sodelujočimi gospodarstvi držav APEC. Več informacij o okvirih APEC najdete
tukaj
. Če imate kakršna koli vprašanja o lokacijah, na katerih hranimo osebne informacije, se lahko obrnete na nas, kot je opisano v 13. poglavju tega Globalnega obvestila o zasebnosti „Kako stopiti v stik z družbo DoubleVerify“.
Obenem družba DoubleVerify Inc. s podružnicami Outrigger Media, Inc. d/b/a OpenSlate in, Scibids Technology Inc., Zentrick Inc. („DoubleVerify“) izpolnjuje zahteve okvira zasebnostnega ščita EU-ZDA (EU-U.S. DPF), razširitve programa EU-U.S. DPF za Združeno kraljestvo in okvira zasebnostnega ščita Švica-ZDA (Swiss-U.S. DPF), kot jih določa Ministrstvo za trgovino ZDA. Družba DoubleVerify je Ministrstvu za trgovino ZDA potrdila, da spoštuje načela okvira zasebnostnega ščita EU-ZDA v zvezi z obdelavo osebnih podatkov, prejetih iz Evropske unije v skladu s programom EU-U.S. DPF, in osebnih podatkov, prejetih iz Združenega kraljestva (in Gibraltarja), prejetih v skladu razširitve programa EU-U.S. DPF za Združeno kraljestvo. Družba DoubleVerify je Ministrstvu za trgovino ZDA potrdila, da spoštuje načela okvira zasebnostnega ščita Švica-ZDA (Swiss-U.S. DPF) v zvezi z obdelavo osebnih podatkov, prejetih iz Švice v skladu s programom Swiss-U.S. DPF.  Če obstaja kakršno koli navzkrižje med pogoji v tem pravilniku o zasebnosti in načeli programa EU-U.S. DPF in/ali programa Swiss-U.S. DPF, veljajo načela.  Za več informacij o programu okvira zasebnostnega ščita (DPF) in ogled našega potrdila obiščite https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/.
Družba DoubleVerify je odgovorna za obdelavo osebnih podatkov, ki jih prejme v skladu z DPF in jih nato prenese tretji osebi, ki v njenem imenu deluje kot agent.  Družba DoubleVerify spoštuje načela programa DPF za vse nadaljnje prenose osebnih podatkov iz EU, Združenega kraljestva in Švice, vključno z določbami o odgovornosti za nadaljnji prenos.
Ameriška Zvezna komisija za trgovino ima pristojnost nad skladnostjo družbe DoubleVerify s programoma EU-U.S. DPF in Swiss-U.S. DPF ter razširitvijo programa EU-U.S. za Združeno kraljestvo. V določenih situacijah se lahko od družbe DoubleVerify zahteva, da v odziv na zakonite zahteve javnih organov razkrije osebne podatke, vključno za izpolnjevanje zahtev organov nacionalne varnosti ali kazenskega pregona.
V skladu s programoma EU-U.S. DPF in Swiss-U.S. DPF ter razširitvijo programa EU-U.S. za Združeno kraljestvo se v družbi DoubleVerify zavezujemo, da bomo nerazrešene pritožbe v zvezi z našim ravnanjem z osebnimi podatki, prejetimi v skladu s programoma EU-U.S. DPF in Swiss-U.S. DPF ter razširitvijo programa EU-U.S. za Združeno kraljestvo, posredovali organizaciji TRUSTe, ponudniku alternativnega reševanja sporov s sedežem v ZDA.  Če od nas ne prejmete pravočasne potrditve vaše pritožbe v zvezi z načeli programa DPF ali če vaše pritožbe v zvezi z načeli programa DPF nismo obravnavali zadovoljivo, za več informacij ali vložitev pritožbe obiščite https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.  Te storitve reševanja sporov so vam na voljo brezplačno.
Za pritožbe v zvezi s skladnostjo s programom DPF, ki se ne razrešijo s pomočjo drugih mehanizmov programa DPF, imate pod določenimi pogoji možnost uveljavitve zavezujoče arbitraže. Dodatne informacije najdete na uradnem spletnem mestu programa DPF.
9. Kakšne so vaše pravice?
Končni uporabniki v določenih jurisdikcijah imajo lahko pravice posameznikov, na katere se nanašajo osebne informacije, ki jim omogočajo vložitev zahtev v zvezi z njihovimi osebnimi informacijami.  Večina jurisdikcij končnim uporabnikom obenem dodeljuje pravico do obveščenosti o načinu zbiranja vsakršnih osebnih informacij, strankah, s katerimi se osebne informacije delijo in razkrivajo, ter namenih tovrstnega deljenja in razkrivanja osebnih informacij. Namen Obvestila o zasebnosti rešitev družbe DoubleVerify je izpolnjevanje vseh tovrstnih zahtev, vendar pa se lahko obrnete na nas, če imate dodatna vprašanja ali če želite bolje razumeti, kako so bile vaše osebne informacije zbrane, uporabljene ali komu do bile dane v skupno rabo ali razkrite in za kakšen namen. V tem primeru nas kontaktirajte, kot je navedeno spodaj v 13. poglavju „
Kako stopiti v stik z družbo DoubleVerify
“.
Prebivalci Evropskega gospodarskega prostora, Združenega kraljestva, Švice ali Kalifornije imajo med drugim različne pravice v skladu z veljavnimi zakoni in predpisi o zasebnosti, kot sta GDPR in CCPA. Za uveljavljanje teh pravic lahko uporabite
ta obrazec
ali se obrnete na nas, kot je navedeno spodaj v 13. poglavju „
Kako stopiti v stik z družbo DoubleVerify
“.  V skladu z nekaterimi zakoni in predpisi, kot je CCPA, lahko tudi pooblastite zastopnika, ki lahko v vašem imenu vloži zahtevo ali uveljavi pravico.  Zaradi uveljavljanja vaših pravic vas ne bomo obravnavali diskriminatorno ali maščevalno.
Te pravice so:
Pravica do dostopa do vseh osebnih informacij, ki jih imamo o vas, vključno z informacijami o kategorijah in določenih osebnih informacij.
Pravica do popravka vseh netočnih osebnih informacij, ki jih imamo o vas. Upoštevajte, da je zaradi narave osebnih informacij, ki jih zbiramo, in načina našega zbiranja zelo malo verjetno, da imamo netočne osebne informacije, ki bi zahtevale popravek.
Pravica do zahteve za izbris vseh osebnih informacij, ki jih imamo v družbi DoubleVerify o vas.
Pravica do zahteve za začasne prekinitve ali omejitve obdelave osebnih informacij o vas, npr. da lahko ocenite, ali imate druge pravice, ki bi jih želeli uveljaviti.
V kolikor se vaše osebne informacije obdelujejo na podlagi zakonitega interesa, imate takšni obdelavi pravico ugovarjati.
Če se vaši osebni podatki obdelujejo na podlagi vašega soglasja, lahko to soglasje prekličete prek ogrodja za transparentnost in soglasje organizacije IAB Europe.
V največji možni meri izpolnimo vsako zahtevo, povezano s končnim uporabnikom, pod pogojem, da lahko končnega uporabnika povežemo z osebnimi informacijami v naših sistemih.  Kljub temu bom morali v določenih okoliščinah za izpolnitev vaše zahteve preveriti vašo identiteto. Za preverjanje vaše identitete ali razumevanje obsega vaše zahteve bomo morda morali zahtevati dodatne informacije o vas.  Za oddajo zahteve ali izpolnitev zahteve vam ne bo treba ustvariti računa pri nas.  Vnesti boste morali e-poštni naslov, da bomo lahko komunicirali z vami in podprli vašo zahtevo, ter vse informacije, ki jih bomo morda potrebovali za preverbo, ali imamo o vas kakršne koli osebne informacije. Upoštevajte, da lahko obstajajo okoliščine, v katerih vaše zahteve ne bomo mogli izpolniti. Če vaše zahteve ne bomo mogli izpolniti, bomo pojasnili, zakaj.  Če o vas ne hranimo nobenih osebnih informacij, vas bomo o tem obvestili.  Na vsa vprašanja in zahteve si prizadevamo odgovoriti čim prej, vendar upoštevajte, da lahko za odgovor potrebujemo tudi do trideset (30) dni.
V obsegu, v katerem družba DoubleVerify deluje v vlogi  „obdelovalca“, „pogodbenika“ ali „ponudnika storitev“, kot je opredeljeno v veljavni zakonodaji, boste morda morali zahteve za uveljavljanje svojih pravic usmeriti na ustrezno stranko, ki deluje v vlogi „upravljavca“ ali „podjetja“.
10. Dodatna razkritja
Nekateri zakoni in predpisi o zasebnosti, kot je CCPA, od družb zahtevajo, da razkrijejo, ali prodajajo osebne informacije.  V družbi DoubleVerify osebnih informacij ne razkrivamo na način, ki bi po zakonih Kalifornije, Nevade in Virginije ali podobnih zakonih predstavljal „prodajo“ ali „deljenje“.
11. Ali družba DoubleVerify uporablja umetno inteligenco?
V družbi DoubleVerify uporabljamo umetno inteligenco na različne načine. V družbi DoubleVerify uporabljamo tehnologije na osnovi umetne inteligence, ne uporabljamo pa „avtomatiziranega sprejemanja odločitev,“ kot je opredeljeno v ustreznih zakonih in predpisih o zasebnosti.
12. Veljavno pravo
V primernem obsegu ter v skladu z veljavno zakonodajo in predpisi se to Obvestilo o zasebnosti rešitev ureja in razlaga v skladu z notranjo zakonodajo zvezne države Delaware, ki predstavlja tudi jurisdikcijo in kraj za reševanje sporov.
13. Ali posodabljamo to Obvestilo o zasebnosti rešitev?
To Obvestilo o zasebnosti rešitev lahko občasno posodobimo ter s tem odrazimo spremembe naših rešitev, praks in pravilnikov ali druge notranje ali zunanje spremembe ter zagotovimo skladnost z novimi zakonskimi zahtevami.  Vse spremembe bodo objavljene takoj, ko začnejo veljati. vašega dostopa do teh informacij. Če bomo to Obvestilo o zasebnosti rešitev posodobili, bomo posodobili „datum začetka veljavnosti“, naveden na njegovem vrhu, s čimer boste lažje razumeli, kdaj so bile izvedene spremembe.  Če želite ostati obveščeni o takšnih posodobitvah, vam priporočamo, da to Obvestilo o zasebnosti rešitev redno preverjate.   Upoštevajte, da je vsak prevod tega Obvestila o zasebnosti rešitev namenjen zgolj lažjemu dostopu do teh informacij. Angleška različica je edina uradna različica tega Obvestila o zasebnosti rešitev, morebitne netočnosti ali neskladnosti prevoda pa niso zavezujoče in nimajo pravnega učinka za namene skladnosti ali izvrševanja.
14. Kako stopiti v stik z družbo DoubleVerify?
Če imate kakršna koli vprašanja, pomisleke ali komentarje glede tega Obvestila o zasebnosti rešitev ali če menite, da so bile vaše osebne informacije uporabljene na način, ki ni v skladu z Obvestilom o zasebnosti ali vašimi odločitvami, se lahko obrnete na našo ekipo za zasebnost na naslovu:
Privacy Officer / Data Protection Officer (Privacy Team) Contact Information
DoubleVerify Inc.
462 Broadway
New York, NY 10013
privacy-policy@doubleverify.com
Če imate nerazrešen pomislek glede zasebnosti ali uporabe podatkov, na katerega nismo odgovorili zadovoljivo, se  (brezplačno) obrnite na našega zunanjega ponudnika storitev reševanja sporov na naslovu
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.  Zavezani smo k pravičnemu reševanju morebitnih pritožb ali pomislekov glede vaše zasebnosti ali tega Obvestila o zasebnosti rešitev.  Če menite, da vam nismo pomagali, nič v tem Obvestilu o zasebnosti rešitev ne omejuje ali poskuša omejiti vaših pravic v skladu z veljavno zakonodajo, vključno z vašo možnostjo vložitve pritožbe pri lokalnem organu za varstvo podatkov ali drugi agenciji, pristojni za zadeve, povezane z zasebnostjo (odvisno od države vašega prebivališča).
Fecha de entrada en vigencia: 28 de junio de 2024
Introducción
DoubleVerify, Inc., junto con sus subsidiarias globales (en conjunto, “
DoubleVerify
”, “
nosotros
”, “
nos
” o “
nuestros
”) es líder en la industria en materia de transparencia y responsabilidad en la publicidad en línea. DoubleVerify utiliza diversas tecnologías para recopilar información sobre publicidad en línea, tráfico de sitios web, tráfico de aplicaciones móviles y tráfico de dispositivos conectados para ofrecer productos y soluciones de transparencia y responsabilidad publicitaria (en conjunto, las “
Soluciones
”). En este aviso de privacidad (el “
Aviso de privacidad de soluciones
”) se explica quiénes somos, cómo recopilamos, usamos y compartimos información personal mediante nuestra Soluciones, así como la manera en que puede ejercer sus derechos de privacidad.
Si deseara más información sobre cómo DoubleVerify trata la Información personal recopilada en nuestros sitios web dirigidos al público, consulte nuestro
Aviso de privacidad de sitios web y marketing
.
Si utilizara las Soluciones de DoubleVerify y deseara más información sobre cómo DoubleVerify trata la Información personal recopilada mediante nuestras herramientas de generación de informes, visite nuestro
Aviso de privacidad de herramientas para generación de informes
.
Enlaces rápidos
Le recomendamos que lea este Aviso de privacidad de soluciones por completo para asegurarse que está plenamente informado. Sin embargo, para facilitar la tarea de encontrar y revisar partes específicas de este Aviso de privacidad de soluciones, lo hemos dividido en las secciones siguientes:
¿Quién es DoubleVerify?
¿Cuál es nuestra función, objetivos y fundamento legal respecto al tratamiento?
¿Qué datos recopilamos y para qué fines?
¿Cómo usamos los datos que recopilamos?
¿Cómo y a quién divulgamos los datos?
¿Por cuánto tiempo conservamos la Información personal?
¿Cómo se prsotege la Información personal?
¿Cómo se transfiere la Información personal a nivel internacional?
¿Cuáles son sus derechos?
Divulgaciones adicionales
¿DoubleVerify usa inteligencia artificial?
Legislación aplicable
¿Actualizamos este Aviso de privacidad de soluciones?
¿Cómo comunicarse con DoubleVerify?
1. ¿Quién es DoubleVerify?
Las plataformas acreditadas de DoubleVerify brindan mediciones de medios digitales, datos y análisis independientes con respecto a la entrega de impresiones de publicidad (o “anuncios”) y tráfico a sitios web que ayudan a los anunciantes, agencias y a los vendedores de inventario de publicidad (en su conjunto, los “
Clientes
”) a confirmar las características precisas de la entrega; que incluyen seguridad de la marca, métricas de capacidad de visualización, parámetros contextuales y ambientales (por ejemplo, el sitio web en el que aparece un anuncio y dónde aparece este en la página web), impresión de anuncios y características de la calidad del tráfico del sitio web y ofrecen perspectivas que permiten que nuestros Clientes tomen decisiones informadas sobre la colocación de sus productos creativos y su marca.
Creemos en proporcionar protecciones de privacidad sólidas a cualquier persona cuya información pudiéramos tratar en cualquier capacidad, porque creemos que la privacidad es un derecho fundamental y no algo que debería depender del lugar donde vive. Para cumplir con este principio, tratamos cualquier dato que estuviese relacionado o vinculado con una persona identificada o identificable como “Información personal”, independientemente de la ubicación de esa persona. En lo que respecta a nuestras Soluciones, DoubleVerify limita cualquier información que recopilamos a información que no permite la identificación de una persona sin información adicional. Por ejemplo, DoubleVerify trata su dirección de Protocolo de Internet (Internet Protocol, “IP”), que es un número que se asigna de manera automática a una computadora cuando se utilizara Internet. Si bien DoubleVerify trata dicha información como Información personal, de acuerdo con las mejores prácticas y las leyes aplicables, nunca combinamos esa información con ningún otro dato que nos permitiría identificar a la persona con la que guarda relación.
Este Aviso de privacidad de soluciones tiene como objetivo informar a las personas cuyos datos puedan tratarse a través de nuestras Soluciones (los “
Usuarios finales
” o “
usted
” y “
sus
”) sobre : (1) los tipos de información que DoubleVerify puede recopilar sobre usted o su dispositivo cuando se le mostrase un anuncio que nosotros analizamos en un sitio web que está viendo o en una aplicación que está usando; (2) nuestras prácticas de privacidad, cómo podemos usar, compartir y, de otro modo, tratar información que se considera Información personal y (3) cuáles son sus derechos con respecto a dicha Información personal. Este Aviso de privacidad de soluciones también explica qué información no personal (la “
Información técnica
”) recopilamos sobre los anuncios que rastreamos y cómo utilizamos esa Información técnica para impulsar nuestras soluciones.
2. ¿Cuál es nuestra función, objetivos y fundamento legal para el Tratamiento?
Las Soluciones de identificación y eliminación del fraude (la “
Eliminación del fraude
”) y de verificación de cumplimiento geográfico (la “
Verificación geográfica
”) de DoubleVerify requieren el tratamiento de Información personal. Salvo en circunstancias limitadas que se detallan más adelante, respecto a leyes y reglamentaciones, entre las que se incluyen el Reglamento General de Protección de Datos (“
RGPD
”), DoubleVerify opera Eliminación del fraude como “responsable del tratamiento de datos” y Verificación geográfica como “encargado del tratamiento de datos”. En relación con la Ley de Privacidad del Consumidor de California (California Consumer Privacy Act, “
CCPA”
) y otros marcos normativos estatales de los EE. UU., nuestra designación puede variar según la relación específica con cada Cliente. Dado que la Información personal que tratamos es recopilada por nuestra tecnología y es “puesta a nuestra disposición” por nuestros Clientes, por lo general, operamos como un “contratista” en virtud de la CCPA o como un “encargado del tratamiento de datos” en virtud de otras leyes estatales de los EE. UU. y marcos normativos. Sin perjuicio de lo anterior, en circunstancias limitadas en las que se comparte Información personal con DoubleVerify a través de integraciones diseñadas a medida y otros medios no estándares; por ejemplo, cuando dicha Información personalizada es recopilada y proporcionada por un Cliente para el análisis por parte de DoubleVerify; se nos puede considerar como un “encargado del tratamiento de datos” o “proveedor de servicios” en virtud de la CCPA. Esta situación es más habitual en nuestras asociaciones con Clientes de redes sociales y otros Clientes que operan entornos de propiedad exclusiva, los que a menudo se conocen como “jardines vallados”.
A excepción de Eliminación del fraude, lo que incluye lo requerido para clasificar impresiones de conformidad con las prácticas estándares del sector (p. ej., las pautas del Consejo para Calificaciones de Medios [Media Ratings Council]) y Verificación geográfica, las demás Soluciones de DoubleVerify (como, por ejemplo, la visibilidad [viewability], seguridad de la marca y adecuación), por lo general, no requieren el tratamiento de Información personal. Sin embargo, existen circunstancias, como casos en los que podemos brindar Soluciones a Clientes que operan “jardines vallados”, en las que estos Clientes, en su función de responsables del tratamiento de datos, pueden requerir que DoubleVerify trate Información personal adicional de Usuarios finales o personas que crean cuentas y contenidos dentro de los entornos del Cliente. En estas situaciones, la determinación sobre qué Datos personales se tratan es tomada por los Clientes, que, en su función de responsables del tratamiento de datos, también determinan, a su criterio exclusivo, el fundamento legal para el tratamiento de dicha Información personal. Para obtener más información sobre las prácticas de privacidad, la Información personal tratada y el fundamento legal aplicable para el tratamiento en relación con estos Clientes, revise el aviso o las declaraciones de privacidad apropiados y adecuados de cada Cliente. Si usted se pone en contacto con DoubleVerify para solicitar información sobre estos programas, podemos brindarle información básica sobre el trabajo que hacemos para estos Clientes, pero le recomendaremos que se comunique con el Cliente particular o que revise los documentos sobre privacidad que este pone a disposición en sus propiedades.
En lo que respecta a las leyes como el RGPD, el fundamento legal de DoubleVerify para el tratamiento de la Información personal a través de nuestras Soluciones es el interés legítimo de: (i) nuestros Clientes para evitar fraudes relacionados con anuncios y presentar información geográficamente precisa y conforme a las normas a los Usuarios finales; (ii) los Usuarios finales para recibir información libre de fraude y geográficamente precisa y conforme a las normas y (iii) el público en general en relación con la disponibilidad continua de una Internet gratuita.
DoubleVerify participa en el Marco de transparencia y consentimiento de IAB (TCFv2.2 – Vendor ID 126) y empleamos intereses legítimos como nuestro fundamento para recopilar datos para los propósitos siguientes:
garantizar la seguridad, prevenir y detectar fraudes, así como reparar errores (Propósito especial 1);
entregar y presentar publicidad y contenido (Propósito especial 2);
guardar y comunicar las opciones de privacidad (Propósito especial 3);
medir el desempeño de anuncios publicitarios (Propósito 7);
desarrollar y mejorar los servicios (Propósito 10)
En situaciones limitadas, la entidad a cargo del Marco de transparencia y consentimiento (Transparency & Consent Framework) de IAB Europe en la propiedad donde operan las Soluciones de DoubleVerify puede hacer que nuestra Verificación geográfica esté sujeta a consentimiento. En estas situaciones muy limitadas, el consentimiento se aplicaría a lo siguiente:
usar datos limitados para publicidad específica (Propósito 2);
medir el desempeño de los anuncios (Propósito 7);
desarrollar y mejorar los servicios (Propósito 10)
3. ¿Qué datos recopilamos y para qué fines?
DoubleVerify, para llevar a cabo sus propósitos comerciales de proporcionar, mantener y mejorar sus Soluciones, recopila y utiliza ciertas categorías de Información personal e Información técnica. Las categorías de Información personal e Información técnica tratadas a través de las Soluciones DoubleVerify se describen a continuación. En la medida en que se requiriese Información personal para el funcionamiento de una o más características de una Solución de DoubleVerify, dicha Información personal se utilizará solo para los fines específicos descritos a continuación, a menos que las leyes exigiesen lo contrario. Además, en algunas circunstancias, puede ser necesario tratar la Información personal junto con cierta Información técnica para que las Soluciones de DoubleVerify funcionasen de manera correcta. En cualquiera de dichas situaciones, los datos combinados se consideran Información personal y se protegen en consecuencia. Nunca combinamos, analizamos ni enriquecemos la Información personal y la Información técnica que tratamos con información adicional con el objetivo de identificar a los Usuarios finales. Nunca le hacemos un seguimiento a usted ni a sus actividades en línea en aplicaciones y sitios web o a lo largo del tiempo, no nos basamos en tecnologías persistentes como cookies de terceros y nunca creamos perfiles o grupos de audiencia para dirigirnos a individuos.
Categorías de Información técnica recopilada y utilizada para impulsar las soluciones de DoubleVerify:
Atributos de la campaña publicitaria: el identificador del anunciante que entrega un anuncio, sus identificadores de campaña y colocación, los identificadores de la propiedad de medios que venden el inventario al anunciante o cualquier plataforma de publicidad intermediaria se recopilan y tratan para identificar al Cliente al que prestamos servicio con el objetivo de aplicar la configuración correcta para el Cliente, segmentar los informes del Cliente de acuerdo con estos identificadores y facturarle al Cliente;
Atributos de contenido web: la dirección web (URL) de la página/marco donde se entrega el anuncio y la dirección de las páginas/marcos de referencia se recopilan para garantizar que los anuncios se entreguen en el contexto correcto que nuestro Cliente ha establecido en la configuración de perfil en nuestro sistema;
Atributos de la aplicación móvil: el nombre de la aplicación móvil, la identificación de la aplicación móvil, la tienda de aplicaciones, el desarrollador de la aplicación, las calificaciones por estrellas de la aplicación, la calificación por edad de la aplicación y otra información disponible públicamente sobre la aplicación móvil en la que se entrega el anuncio. Esta información se utiliza para garantizar que los anuncios se entreguen en el contexto correcto que nuestro Cliente ha establecido en la configuración de perfil en nuestro sistema;
Atributos del entorno digital: se recopilan el tipo de dispositivo conectado al que se entrega el anuncio –equipo móvil, equipo de escritorio, TV conectada u otro dispositivo–; el tipo y la versión de navegador que se utilizan para mostrar la página donde aparece el anuncio y el sistema operativo para determinar qué versión de nuestro código se ejecutaría correctamente en ese entorno y para medir correctamente si el anuncio tuvo la oportunidad de ser visible en la pantalla de acuerdo con los estándares de la industria que varían entre los entornos;
Atributos de visualización: se recopilan la ubicación del anuncio en la página, el tamaño del anuncio, el tamaño de la pantalla, el tamaño de la ventana de visualización, el estado de enfoque de la pestaña, el estado de enfoque del navegador, la duración del tiempo durante el que el anuncio estuvo en la parte visible de la página web y la posición de desplazamiento de la página web para determinar e informar a nuestros Clientes si el anuncio tuvo la oportunidad de ser visible en la pantalla;
Atributos de exposición e interés: se recopilan datos que muestran si se hizo clic en el anuncio o si este se deslizó, tocó, pulsó, redimensionó, omitió, silenció, puso en pausa, rotó, desplazó o cambió de volumen para ayudar a nuestros Clientes a medir el rendimiento del anuncio, de la campaña publicitaria o de la propiedad de medios.
Categorías de datos recopilados y utilizados para impulsar la Eliminación del Fraude:
la presencia electrónica bajo seudónimo y los identificadores del dispositivo, es decir, dirección IP o cadena de agente de usuario, o derivados de estos dos valores, se utilizan para evaluar si la presencia en línea o el dispositivo están participando en un esquema fraudulento o están asociados con este.
Categorías de datos recopilados y utilizados para impulsar la Verificación Geográfica:
se recopilan la presencia electrónica bajo seudónimo y los identificadores del dispositivo, dirección IP, para determinar la ubicación geográfica con la que están asociados. Cada IP está asociada con un país y, dentro de los Estados Unidos de Norteamérica, puede estar asociada con información más específica que incluye hasta el código postal. Nunca se recopila su información de geolocalización exacta.
En circunstancias limitadas, es posible que algunos de los Clientes, por ejemplo los Clientes que operan uno o más “jardines vallados”, requiriesen que DoubleVerify tratase la Información personal adicional para activar sus Soluciones. Dicha Información personal adicional puede relacionarse con Usuarios finales, con personas que crean cuentas dentro de dichos “jardines vallados” o con personas que crean contenido que se publica dentro de los entornos de dichos “jardines vallados”. En la medida en que uno de sus Clientes que operan como “jardines vallados” requiriese que DoubleVerify tratase la Información personal adicional para activar ciertas Soluciones, DoubleVerify tratará dicha Información personal solo con el propósito de cumplir las obligaciones que tiene con el Cliente y estrictamente de acuerdo con las instrucciones de Cliente, según se requiriese para operar, mantener y, cuando correspondiese, mejorar las Soluciones. Trabajamos diligentemente con estos Clientes para garantizar que la Información personal tratada se limitase solo a la Información personal necesaria para lograr estos propósitos. En circunstancias limitadas, nuestra interacción con “jardines vallados” puede dar lugar a la recepción incidental de Información personal. DoubleVerify trabaja diligentemente para monitorear cualquiera de estos casos a fin de garantizar que no se lleve a cabo ningún tratamiento de dicha Información personal con posterioridad a la recepción, excepto para eliminarla de forma segura de nuestros sistemas. Debido a que en estas situaciones las categorías específicas de Información personal dependen de la integración personalizada y las decisiones del Cliente, y varían según el Cliente, si tiene más preguntas, le recomendamos que se comunique con el Cliente particular o que revise los documentos sobre privacidad que este pone a disposición en sus propiedades.
Las Soluciones no están destinadas ni dirigidas al tratamiento de la Información personal de niños. No recopilamos intencionadamente Información personal de niños, según se definiese este término en las leyes aplicables de vez en cuando. Si fuese padre, madre o tutor y creyese que la Información personal de su hijo se pudo haber tratado a través de las Soluciones, comuníquese con nosotros utilizando la información de la sección 13, “
Cómo comunicarse con DoubleVerify
”, más adelante y tomaremos medidas para eliminar de forma segura la Información personal de su hijo de nuestros sistemas.
4. ¿Cómo usamos los datos que recopilamos?
DoubleVerify solo utiliza la Información técnica y la Información personal recopiladas para los fines descritos en la sección 3,
“¿Qué datos recopilamos y para qué fines?
”, de este Aviso de privacidad de soluciones. En general, la Información técnica y su Información personal se tratan para proporcionar informes, paneles, comentarios e información (los “
Informes
”) a nuestros Clientes. Los informes de DV, en cualquier formato, son anonimizados y combinados o, en la medida en que se requiriese información del nivel de impresión, cada impresión es anonimizada para garantizar que la Información personal de los Usuarios finales nunca se comparta con los Clientes. Sin perjuicio de lo anterior, los informes creados para los Clientes que operan como “jardines vallados” (por ejemplo, empresas de redes sociales) y otros Clientes que dependen de dichos informes (por ejemplo, empresas que publicitan en canales de redes sociales) pueden incluir información de personas que crean cuentas dentro de dichos “jardines vallados” o de personas que crean contenido que se publica dentro de los entornos de dichos “jardines vallados”. Esta sección proporciona información adicional sobre cómo se tratan la Información técnica y su Información personal para lograr los fines comerciales especificados en la sección 3 de este Aviso de privacidad de soluciones.
DoubleVerify utiliza la Información técnica recopilada a través de las Soluciones, según se especifica en la sección 3.1, de las maneras siguientes:
para analizar e informar sobre el contexto en el que se muestran los anuncios y la calidad, autenticidad y rendimiento de estos. Específicamente, la información que ilustra si un anuncio que se muestra cumple con los requisitos legales y de colocación preestablecidos del Cliente, así como las configuraciones de preferencia que el Cliente ha establecido en nuestro sistema;
proporcionar información y toma de decisiones preventiva sobre las oportunidades de impresión. La tecnología de DoubleVerify analiza las características de los datos de una oportunidad de impresión y determina si la publicidad del Cliente debe mostrarse o no; por ejemplo, al determinar que el contenido circundante no se alinea con la marca y las preferencias del Cliente.
Con el objetivo de impulsar la Eliminación del fraude, DoubleVerify utiliza la Información técnica y la Información personal recopilada a través de las Soluciones, según se especifica en la sección 3.1 y 3.2, para hacer lo siguiente:
revisar e identificar impresiones de anuncios específicos que son fraudulentas debido a que son generadas por navegadores no humanos controlados por bots;
evaluar e identificar el tráfico no válido, como el tráfico generado por inyectores de anuncios, el tráfico originado en centros de datos, el tráfico tergiversado, el tráfico simulado y otros tipos de tráfico no válido;
analizar e identificar sitios web, aplicaciones de dispositivos móviles y conectadas y propiedades de medios que tienen tráfico fraudulento o generan impresiones publicitarias fraudulentas;
identificar patrones de tráfico en los sitios web que participan en actividades publicitarias fraudulentas;
diferenciar entre el tráfico generado por navegadores no humanos controlados por bots y por navegadores humanos;
determinar si los anuncios analizados cumplen con los requisitos legales aplicables y las preferencias establecidas por nuestros Clientes;
determinar si un middleware está intentando tergiversar sus características operativas para evitar la identificación del fraude u otro tráfico no válido;
determinar si el tráfico del sitio web o las impresiones de anuncios se están originando en una granja de servidores en lugar de a través de la actividad de navegación generada por humanos;
determinar si el tráfico se está adquiriendo a través de prácticas fraudulentas o a través de otras prácticas de adquisición de tráfico que no cumplen con las pautas o preferencias del Cliente;
crear registros de direcciones IP y cadenas de agentes de usuario asociadas con esquemas fraudulentos y tráfico no humano generado (las “Tablas de fraude”). Debido a que dichos puntos de datos están asociados con interacciones no humanas, no constituyen Información personal.
Con el objetivo de impulsar la Verificación geográfica, DoubleVerify utiliza la Información técnica y la Información personal recopilada a través de las Soluciones, según se especifica en la sección 3.3, para hacer lo siguiente:
evaluar a un nivel alto (país, estado, región o, para residentes de los EE. UU., según el código postal) la ubicación geográfica del Usuario final y verificar si el Usuario final se ubica dentro de la campaña o la configuración de tráfico del Cliente.
En la medida en que uno de sus Clientes que operan como “jardines vallados” requiriese que DoubleVerify tratase la Información personal adicional para activar ciertas Soluciones, DoubleVerify tratará dicha Información personal solo con el propósito de cumplir las obligaciones que tiene con el Cliente y estrictamente de acuerdo con las instrucciones de Cliente, según se requiriese para operar, mantener y, cuando correspondiese, mejorar las Soluciones. Si tiene preguntas, le recomendamos que se comunique con el Cliente particular o que revise los documentos sobre privacidad que este pone a disposición en sus propiedades.
5. ¿Cómo y a quién divulgamos los datos?
DoubleVerify no divulga Información personal a terceros, excepto según fuese estrictamente necesario para nuestros fines comerciales a fin de operar, mantener y mejorar nuestras Soluciones. En la medida en que compartiéramos de manera voluntaria cualquier Información personal, nos aseguramos de que esta sea protegida por los destinatarios de una manera coherente con nuestras propias políticas y estándares.
Podemos compartir su Información personal con:
Proveedores de servicios: empresas que hemos contratado para que nos proporcionasen servicios como administración de sistemas y TI, servicios de infraestructura y alojamiento, investigación y análisis, soporte y aseguramiento de la calidad, seguridad y otros servicios, para los fines del fundamento legal descrito con anterioridad y de conformidad con este. Puede comunicarse con nosotros para solicitar una lista de nuestros Proveedores de servicios y conocer qué Información personal reciben estos y para qué fines. Puede encontrar información de contacto en la sección 13, “
Cómo comunicarse con DoubleVerify
”, de este Aviso de privacidad de soluciones;
Filiales: como una empresa matriz, empresas vinculadas, subsidiarias, empresas conjuntas u otras empresas bajo control común, en la medida necesaria para operar, mantener y mejorar nuestras Soluciones. Puede comunicarse con nosotros para solicitar una lista de nuestras Filiales y conocer qué Información personal reciben estas y para qué fines. Puede encontrar información de contacto en la sección 13, “
Cómo comunicarse con DoubleVerify
”, de este Aviso de privacidad de soluciones;
Terceros contratados por nuestros clientes: para apoyar a nuestros Clientes, podemos integrar nuestras Soluciones con otras herramientas y servicios contratados por nuestros Clientes a fin de ofrecer mejores servicios y capacidades para ofrecer informes. En ninguna circunstancia recibimos datos de estas integraciones que le permitan a DoubleVerify enriquecer nuestros datos e identificar a los Usuarios finales. En situaciones limitadas, podemos compartir información sobre el nivel de impresión con empresas contratadas por nuestros Clientes para realizar investigaciones sobre efectividad de marketing. En ciertas circunstancias limitadas, nuestros Clientes pueden instruirnos que compartamos cierta Información personal requerida para poder habilitar la funcionalidad de un producto o servicio que no es administrado por DoubleVerify;
Terceros involucrados en una Transacción corporativa: en caso de que DoubleVerify fuese adquirida o fusionada con otra empresa o en caso de una reorganización, disolución u otro cambio corporativo fundamental.
Podemos estar obligados legalmente a divulgar su Información personal:
(a) si una entidad gubernamental, un tribunal, un organismo de aplicación de la ley o una agencia reguladora requiriesen dicha divulgación (por ejemplo, como parte de una investigación en curso, una citación, un proceso o un procedimiento legal similar);
(b) según se requiriese de otro modo en virtud de cualquier ley, reglamentación o norma aplicable y
(c) si consideráramos, de buena fe, que dicha divulgación es necesaria para proteger o defender nuestros derechos o los derechos de otros, para ayudar en una investigación o para prevenir actividades ilegales.
Las Tablas de fraude y otros informes relacionados con la Eliminación del fraude, fuentes de datos, interfaces de programación de aplicaciones (Application Programming Interface, API) y paneles que no contienen Información personal pueden compartirse con Clientes y otros terceros o ponerse a disposición de estos, los que incluyen, por ejemplo, organizaciones de la industria, según fuese necesario para que DoubleVerify llevase a cabo sus fines comerciales de proporcionar, mantener y mejorar la parte de Eliminación del fraude de nuestras Soluciones y combatir el fraude relacionado con anuncios.
No compartimos su Información personal con nuestros Clientes. Todos los informes y análisis que pongamos a disposición de los Clientes a través de nuestro Portal de informes son anónimos, lo que significa que no contienen Información personal. Los informes generalmente se combinan, pero en circunstancias limitadas, los informes a nivel de impresión se proporcionan a nuestros Clientes, a través de puntos finales de protocolo de transferencia de archivos (File Transfer Protocol, FTP) o API, siempre que dichos informes no contuviesen ninguna Información personal. Podemos compartir Información técnica, que es anónima, en formatos combinados o en su forma sin procesar, con terceros según consideráramos necesario para llevar a cabo nuestros propósitos comerciales de proporcionar, mantener y mejorar las Soluciones. Además, podemos compartir datos anónimos o anonimizados en forma combinada en el curso normal de la operación de nuestro negocio; por ejemplo, para publicar estudios de caso e informes para mostrar tendencias sobre los beneficios y el rendimiento de nuestras Soluciones.
Para evitar cualquier duda, DoubleVerify no divulga Información personal a entidades que operan como una “empresa” o un “tercero” en virtud de leyes como la CCPA.
6. ¿Por cuánto tiempo conservamos la Información personal?
DoubleVerify conserva toda la Información personal tratada a través de sus Soluciones solo durante el tiempo que fuese necesario para cumplir los fines descritos en este Aviso de privacidad de soluciones y en ningún caso durante más de cuarenta y cinco (45) días. Tras el vencimiento de ese período, la Información personal se elimina de forma segura de los sistemas de DoubleVerify.
Las Tablas de fraude pueden conservarse indefinidamente para garantizar la funcionalidad adecuada de la Solución de eliminación del fraude.
DoubleVerify puede retener la Información técnica, ya que es anónima por naturaleza, de manera indefinida o siempre que se dispusiese lo contrario en las políticas de DoubleVerify y estuviese permitido por las leyes aplicables y los acuerdos de DoubleVerify con sus Clientes.
7. ¿Cómo se protege la Información personal?
DoubleVerify ha implementado medidas técnicas, físicas y organizativas adecuadas diseñadas para proteger la Información personal contra la destrucción accidental o ilegal o la pérdida, el daño, la alteración, la divulgación o el acceso no autorizados accidentales, así como todas las demás formas de tratamiento ilegal. Si bien respetamos las normas generalmente aceptadas y las mejores prácticas para proteger la Información personal, ningún método de almacenamiento o transmisión es 100 % seguro. Sin embargo, trabajamos constantemente para mejorar nuestras salvaguardas y mantener segura su Información personal.
8. ¿Cómo se transfiere la Información personal a nivel internacional?
Tenga en cuenta que la Información personal que recopilamos puede transferirse y mantenerse en servidores o bases de datos ubicados fuera de su estado, provincia o país, o en otra jurisdicción. Aunque su Información personal puede transmitirse a través de un centro de datos temporal local para garantizar que las Soluciones sean eficientes y receptivas, DoubleVerify finalmente almacena en los Estados Unidos de Norteamérica toda la Información personal recopilada a través de las Soluciones. Como empresa global, tenemos oficinas en los Estados Unidos de Norteamérica, el Reino Unido, Francia, Bélgica, Finlandia, Alemania, Israel, Canadá, México, Brasil, Japón, India, Singapur y Australia. Es posible que nuestros empleados en estas ubicaciones debiesen acceder a su Información personal para respaldar nuestras Soluciones. El nivel de protección de datos establecido en algunos de estos lugares, como los Estados Unidos de Norteamérica, puede ser menor que el establecido en la Unión Europea o en otras jurisdicciones que han promulgado leyes y regulaciones de privacidad rigurosas.
Tomamos medidas para garantizar que almacenamos su Información personal de manera segura, cumpliendo con los requisitos regulatorios de privacidad y seguridad impuestos a las empresas de la Unión Europea. También nos aseguramos de que cualquier otro destinatario de su Información personal ofrezca un nivel adecuado de protección y seguridad; por ejemplo, al celebrar los acuerdos de respaldo mutuo adecuados y, si fuese necesario, mediante cláusulas contractuales estándar o un mecanismo alternativo para la transferencia de datos según lo aprobado por la Comisión Europea u otro regulador aplicable. Las prácticas de privacidad de DoubleVerify, descritas en este Aviso de privacidad, cumplen con el sistema de Reglas de privacidad transfronterizas (Cross Border Privacy Rules, CBPR) y el sistema de Reconocimiento de privacidad para procesadores (Privacy Recognition for Processors, PRP) del Foro de Cooperación Económica Asia-Pacífico (Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation, APEC). El sistema CBPR de APEC y el sistema PRP de APEC proporcionan marcos para que las organizaciones garanticen la protección de la información personal transferida entre las economías participantes de la APEC. Puede encontrar más información sobre los marcos de la APEC
aquí
. Si tiene alguna pregunta sobre dónde almacenamos la Información personal, puede comunicarse con nosotros según se indica en la sección 13, “
Cómo comunicarse con DoubleVerify
”, de este Aviso de privacidad global.
Además, DoubleVerify Inc. y su subsidiaria Outrigger Media, Inc. que opera comercialmente bajo la denominación OpenSlate, Scibids Technology Inc., Zentrick Inc. (“DoubleVerify), cumple con el Marco de privacidad de datos UE-EE. UU. (MPD UE-EE. UU.), la Extensión del Reino Unido al MPD UE-EE. UU. y el Marco de privacidad de datos Suiza-EE. UU. (MPD Suiza-EE. UU.) conforme lo establece el Departamento de Comercio de los EE. UU. DoubleVerify ha certificado al Departamento de Comercio de los EE. UU. que cumple con los Principios del marco de privacidad de datos UE-EE. UU. (Principios del MPD UE-EE. UU.) respecto al tratamiento de datos personales recibidos de la Unión Europea con base en el MPD UE-EE. UU. y del Reino Unido (y Gibraltar) en virtud de la Extensión del Reino Unido al MPD UE-EE. UU. DoubleVerify ha certificado al Departamento de Comercio de los EE. UU. que cumple con los Principios del marco de privacidad de datos Suiza-EE. UU. (Principios del MPD Suiza-EE. UU.) respecto al tratamiento de datos personales recibidos de Suiza con base en el MPD Suiza-EE. UU.. Si existiera algún conflicto entre los términos en esta política de privacidad y los Principios del MPD UE-EE. UU. o los Principios del MPD Suiza-EE. UU., regirán los Principios. Para más información sobre el programa de Marco de privacidad de datos (MPD) y para ver nuestra certificación, visite https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/.
DoubleVerify es responsable del tratamiento de los datos personales que recibiese, en virtud del MPD y, posteriormente, transfiriese a un tercero que actúa como agente en su nombre. DoubleVerify cumple con los Principios del MPD para todas las transferencias de datos que se efectuasen en adelante desde la UE, el Reino Unido y Suiza, incluidas las disposiciones de responsabilidad por transferencia futura.
La Comisión Federal de Comercio tiene competencia sobre el cumplimiento del MPD UE-EE. UU., la Extensión del Reino Unido al MPD UE-EE. UU. y el MPD Suiza-EE. UU por parte de DoubleVerify. En algunas situaciones, DoubleVerify puede verse obligada a divulgar datos personales en respuesta a solicitudes legales de autoridades públicas, lo que incluye cumplir requisitos de seguridad nacional o cumplimiento de las leyes.
En cumplimiento del MPD UE-EE. UU., la Extensión del Reino Unido al MPD UE-EE. UU., y el MPD Suiza-EE. UU., DoubleVerify se compromete a remitir las quejas no resueltas respecto a nuestro manejo de datos personales recibidos con base en el MPD UE-EE. UU., la Extensión del Reino Unido al MPD UE-EE. UU. y el MPD Suiza-EE. UU. a TRUSTe, un proveedor de resolución alternativa de disputas domiciliado en los Estados Unidos de Norteamérica. Si no recibiese confirmación oportuna de nuestra parte respecto a su queja relacionada con los Principios del MPD o si no hubiéramos abordado su queja relacionada con los Principios de MPD a su entera satisfacción, visite https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request para más información o para presentar una queja. Estos servicios de resolución de disputas se suministran de manera gratuita para usted.
En lo que respecta a las quejas sobre cumplimiento del MPD no resueltas por cualquiera de los demás mecanismos del MPD, tiene la posibilidad, en ciertas condiciones, de invocar el arbitraje vinculante. Podrá encontrar más información en el sitio web oficial del MPD.
9. ¿Cuáles son sus derechos?
Los Usuarios finales en ciertas jurisdicciones pueden tener derechos de titulares de datos que les permitan realizar solicitudes relacionadas con su Información personal. La mayoría de las jurisdicciones también otorgan a los Usuarios finales el derecho de ser informados sobre cómo se recopila, utiliza y con quién se puede haber compartido o divulgado la Información personal, así como para qué fines. El Aviso de privacidad de soluciones de DoubleVerify tiene como objetivo cumplir con dichos requisitos, pero si tiene alguna pregunta adicional o desea comprender mejor cómo su Información personal se puede haber recopilado, utilizado o con quién se puede haber compartido o divulgado y por qué, comuníquese con nosotros mediante la información proporcionada en la sección 13, “
Cómo comunicarse con DoubleVerify
”, más adelante.
Los residentes del Espacio Económico Europeo, el Reino Unido, Suiza o California, entre otros, tiene varios derechos en virtud de las leyes y reglamentaciones de privacidad aplicables, como, por ejemplo, en virtud del RGPD y la CCPA. Para ejercer estos derechos, puede utilizar
este Formulario
o comunicarse con nosotros utilizando la información proporcionada en la sección 13, “
Cómo comunicarse con DoubleVerify
”, más adelante. De acuerdo con ciertas leyes y regulaciones, como la CCPA, también puede designar a un agente autorizado para que presentase una solicitud o ejerciera un derecho en su nombre. No discriminaremos ni tomaremos represalias contra usted por ejercer sus derechos.
Estos derechos son los siguientes:
el derecho a acceder a cualquier Información personal que pudiéramos tener sobre usted, incluida la información sobre las categorías y las partes específicas de la Información personal;
el derecho a corregir cualquier Información personal inexacta que pudiéramos tener sobre usted. Tenga en cuenta que, debido a la naturaleza de la Información personal que recopilamos y el método de nuestra recopilación, es muy poco probable que conserváramos Información personal que fuese inexacta o que cumpliese con las circunstancias que requiriesen una corrección;
el derecho a solicitar que DoubleVerify eliminase cualquier Información personal que pudiéramos tener sobre usted;
el derecho a solicitar que el tratamiento de su Información personal se suspendiera o restringiera durante un período de tiempo; por ejemplo, mientras evalúa si tiene otros derechos que desea ejercer;
en la medida en que su Información personal se tratase en función de un interés legítimo, tiene derecho a objetar dicho tratamiento;
en la medida en que su Información personal se tratase con base en su consentimiento, tiene derecho a retirar dicho consentimiento mediante el Marco de transparencia y consentimiento de IAB Europe.
En la medida de lo posible, cumplimos con cualquier solicitud relacionada con un Usuario final siempre que pudiéramos relacionar al Usuario final con la Información personal que tenemos en nuestros sistemas. Sin embargo, en ciertas circunstancias, es posible que debiéramos verificar su identidad para cumplir con una solicitud. Para verificar su identidad o comprender el alcance de su solicitud, es posible que necesitáramos solicitar información adicional sobre usted. No se le exigirá que cree una cuenta con nosotros para enviar una solicitud o para que esta se cumpla. Deberá proporcionar una dirección de correo electrónico para que podamos comunicarnos con usted y respaldar su solicitud, así como cualquier información que necesitáramos para permitirnos verificar si tenemos Información personal sobre usted. Tenga en cuenta que pueden existir circunstancias que nos impidiesen cumplir con su solicitud, pero si no pudiéramos cumplir con su solicitud, le explicaremos por qué. En la medida en que no tuviéramos ninguna Información personal sobre usted, se lo informaremos. Hacemos todo lo posible para responder a todas las consultas y solicitudes tan pronto como fuese razonablemente posible, pero podríamos necesitar hasta treinta (30) días para brindarle una respuesta.
En la medida en que DoubleVerify actuase como “encargado del tratamiento de datos”, “contratista” o “proveedor de servicios”, según se define en la legislación aplicable, es posible que, a fin de ejercer sus derechos, debiese dirigir sus solicitudes al Cliente pertinente que actuase como el “responsable del tratamiento” o “negocio”.
10. Divulgaciones adicionales
Ciertas leyes y regulaciones de privacidad, como la CCPA, exigen que las empresas informen si venden Información personal. DoubleVerify no divulga Información personal de una manera que constituyese una “venta” o “compartición” en virtud de las leyes de California, Virginia, Nevada o leyes similares.
11. ¿DoubleVerify usa inteligencia artificial?
DoubleVerify usa inteligencia artificial (“IA”) en diversas capacidades y formas en toda la organización. Si bien DoubleVerify utiliza tecnologías de IA, no participamos en la “toma de decisiones automatizada”, conforme se define en las leyes y regulaciones de privacidad aplicables.
12. Legislación aplicable
En la medida en que correspondiese y según lo permitiesen las leyes y regulaciones aplicables, este Aviso de privacidad de soluciones se rige e interpreta de acuerdo con las leyes internas del estado de Delaware y la jurisdicción y competencia de cualquier disputa será en Delaware.
13. ¿Actualizamos este Aviso de privacidad de soluciones?
Podemos actualizar este Aviso de privacidad de soluciones de vez en cuando para reflejar los cambios en nuestras Soluciones, prácticas, políticas u otros cambios internos o externos, así como para cumplir con nuevos requisitos legales. Cualquier cambio se publicará tan pronto como entrase en vigencia. Si realizáramos actualizaciones, actualizaremos la “fecha de entrada en vigencia” que figura en la parte superior de este Aviso de privacidad de soluciones para ayudarle a comprender cuándo se realizaron los cambios. Para mantenerse informado sobre dichas actualizaciones, le recomendamos que vuelva a consultar este Aviso de privacidad de soluciones con regularidad. Tenga en cuenta que cualquier traducción de este Aviso de privacidad de soluciones tiene como único objetivo facilitar su acceso a esta información. La versión en inglés es la única versión oficial de este Aviso de privacidad de soluciones y cualquier inexactitud o discrepancia en la traducción no es vinculante y no tiene efecto legal para fines de cumplimiento o aplicación.
14. ¿Cómo comunicarse con DoubleVerify?
Si tiene alguna pregunta, inquietud o comentario sobre este Aviso de privacidad de soluciones o si considerase que su Información personal se ha utilizado de una manera que no es coherente con el Aviso de privacidad o sus opciones, puede comunicarse con nuestro Equipo de privacidad al escribir a:
Información de contacto del delegado de privacidad/delegado de protección de datos (el Equipo de privacidad)
DoubleVerify Inc.
462 Broadway
New York, NY 10013
privacy-policy@doubleverify.com
Si tiene una inquietud sobre privacidad o uso de datos no resuelta que no hubiésemos abordado de manera satisfactoria, comuníquese con nuestro proveedor externo de resolución de disputas con sede en los EE. UU. (sin cargo) en
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
. Estamos comprometidos a lograr una resolución justa de cualquier queja o inquietud que pudiese tener sobre su privacidad o este Aviso de privacidad de soluciones. Sin embargo, si creyese que no hemos podido brindarle asistencia, nada en este Aviso de privacidad de soluciones limita o intenta limitar sus derechos en virtud de las leyes aplicables, incluida su capacidad, según su país de residencia, de presentar una queja ante su Autoridad de protección de datos local u otra agencia con jurisdicción sobre asuntos relacionados con la privacidad.
Fecha de entrada en vigor: 28 de junio de 2024
Descripción general
DoubleVerify, Inc., junto con sus subsidiarias mundiales, (en conjunto “
DoubleVerify
”, “
nosotros
”, “
nos
” o “
nuestro
”) es el líder del sector en la provisión de transparencia y responsabilidad en la publicidad en línea. DoubleVerify utiliza diversas tecnologías para recoger información sobre la publicidad en línea, el tráfico del Sitio web, de la aplicación móvil y de los dispositivos conectados con el fin de ofrecer productos y soluciones de transparencia publicitaria y responsabilidad (colectivamente, “
Soluciones
”). Este aviso de privacidad (el “
Aviso de privacidad
de las soluciones
”) explica quiénes somos, cómo recogemos, utilizamos y compartimos información personal a través de nuestras Soluciones, así como el modo en que usted puede ejercer sus derechos de privacidad.
Si desea obtener más información sobre cómo DoubleVerify trata la Información personal recogida en nuestros sitios web públicos, visite nuestro
Aviso de privacidad de marketing y sitios web
.
Si utiliza las soluciones de DoubleVerify y desea obtener más información sobre el tratamiento por parte de DoubleVerify de la Información personal recogida a través de nuestras herramientas de notificación, visite nuestro
Aviso de privacidad de herramientas de notificación
.
Enlaces rápidos
Le recomendamos que lea este Aviso de privacidad de las soluciones en su totalidad para asegurarse de estar completamente informado. Sin embargo, para que le resulte más fácil encontrar y revisar partes específicas de este Aviso de privacidad de las soluciones, lo hemos dividido en las siguientes secciones:
¿Quién es DoubleVerify?
¿Cuál es nuestro papel, objetivos y base jurídica para el Tratamiento?
¿Qué datos recogemos y para qué fines?
¿Cómo utilizamos los datos que recogemos?
¿Cómo y a quién revelamos datos?
¿Cuánto tiempo conservamos la Información personal?
¿Cómo se protege la información personal?
¿Cómo se transfiere la Información personal a nivel internacional?
¿Cuales son sus derechos?
Divulgaciones adicionales
¿DoubleVerify utiliza la Inteligencia artificial?
Legislación aplicable
¿Actualizamsos este Aviso de privacidad de las soluciones?
Cómo ponerse en contacto con DoubleVerify
1. ¿Quién es DoubleVerify?
Las plataformas acreditadas de DoubleVerify proporcionan mediciones independientes de medios digitales, datos y análisis sobre la publicidad (o “anuncios”), la entrega de impresiones y el tráfico del sitio web, para ayudar a los anunciantes, a las agencias y a los vendedores de inventario publicitario (en conjunto, “
Clientes
”) a confirmar las características precisas de la entrega, incluida la seguridad de la marca, las métricas de visibilidad, los parámetros contextuales y ambientales (por ejemplo, el sitio web en el que aparece un anuncio y el lugar en el que aparece en la página web), la impresión del anuncio y las características de la calidad del tráfico del sitio web, y proporcionan conocimientos que permiten a nuestros Clientes tomar decisiones informadas sobre la colocación de su creatividad y su marca.
Creemos en proporcionar una fuerte protección de la privacidad a cualquier persona cuya información podamos tratar por cualquier motivo, porque creemos que la privacidad es un derecho fundamental, no algo que deba depender del lugar donde se viva. Para cumplir con ese principio, tratamos cualquier dato que se relacione o esté vinculado a una persona identificada o identificable como “Información personal”, independientemente de la ubicación de dicha persona. En lo que respecta a nuestras soluciones, DoubleVerify limita cualquier información que recopilemos a información que no permite la identificación de una persona sin información adicional. Por ejemplo, DoubleVerify trata su dirección de Protocolo de Internet (“IP”), que es un número que se asigna automáticamente a un ordenador cuando se utiliza Internet. Aunque DoubleVerify trata dicha información como Información personal, de acuerdo con las mejores prácticas y las leyes aplicables, nunca combinamos esa información con ningún otro dato que nos permita identificar a la persona a la que se refiere.
Este Aviso de privacidad de las soluciones tiene como objetivo informar a las personas cuyos datos pueden ser tratados a través de nuestras Soluciones (“
Usuario(s) Final(es)
” o, “
usted
” y “
su
”) de: 1) los tipos de información que DoubleVerify puede recoger sobre usted o su dispositivo cuando se le muestra un anuncio analizado por nosotros en un sitio web que está visitando o en una aplicación que está utilizando, 2) nuestras prácticas de privacidad, cómo podemos utilizar, compartir y tratar de otro modo la información que se considera Información personal, y 3) cuáles son sus derechos con respecto a dicha Información personal. Este Aviso de privacidad de las soluciones también explica qué información no personal (“
Información técnica
”) recogemos sobre los anuncios que rastreamos y cómo utilizamos esa Información técnica para impulsar nuestras soluciones.
2. ¿Cuál es nuestro papel, objetivos y base jurídica para el Tratamiento?
Las Soluciones de DoubleVerify para la identificación y eliminación del fraude (“
Eliminación del fraude
”) y la verificación del cumplimiento geográfico (“
Verificación geográfica
”) requieren el tratamiento de Información personal. Excepto en las circunstancias limitadas que se describen a continuación, en lo que respecta a leyes y reglamentos como el Reglamento General de Protección de Datos (“
RGPD
”), para la Eliminación del fraude DoubleVerify opera como “responsable del tratamiento” y para la Verificación geográfica como “encargado del tratamiento”. Con respecto a la Ley de Privacidad del Consumidor de California (“
CCPA
”) y otros marcos regulatorios estatales de los EE. UU., nuestra designación puede variar dependiendo de la relación específica con cada Cliente. Dado que la información personal que tratamos es recogida por nuestra tecnología y nuestros Clientes la “ponen a nuestra disposición”, por lo general operamos como “contratista” en virtud de la CCPA o como “encargado del tratamiento” en virtud de otras leyes y marcos regulatorios estatales de los EE. UU. No obstante lo anterior, en circunstancias limitadas en las que la Información personal se comparte con DoubleVerify a través de integraciones diseñadas a medida y otros medios no estándar, por ejemplo cuando un cliente recoge y proporciona dicha Información personal para análisis por parte de DoubleVerify, podemos ser considerados como un “encargado del tratamiento” o “proveedor de servicios” en virtud de la CCPA. Este escenario es más común en nuestras asociaciones con clientes de medios sociales y otros clientes que operan en entornos propietarios, a menudo denominados “jardines amurallados”.
A excepción de la Eliminación del fraude, incluyendo las prácticas requeridas para calificar impresiones de acuerdo con las prácticas estándar del sector (por ejemplo, las pautas del Media Ratings Council) y la Verificación geográfica, las otras soluciones de DoubleVerify (como visibilidad, seguridad de marca e idoneidad) generalmente no requieren el tratamiento de Información personal. Sin embargo, hay circunstancias, como los casos en los que podemos proporcionar dichas Soluciones a Clientes que operan “jardines amurallados”, en los que estos Clientes, en su papel de responsables del tratamiento, pueden requerir que DoubleVerify trate Información personal adicional de los Usuarios Finales o de los individuos que crean cuentas y contenidos dentro de los entornos del Cliente. En cualquier escenario de este tipo, la determinación de qué Datos personales se tratan es realizada por los Clientes, quienes en su papel de responsables del tratamiento, también determinan, a su sola discreción, la base jurídica del tratamiento de dicha Información personal. Para obtener más información sobre las prácticas de privacidad de estos Clientes, la Información personal tratada y la base jurídica correspondiente para el tratamiento, debe revisar el aviso o las declaraciones de privacidad pertinentes y aplicables de cada Cliente. Si se pone en contacto con DoubleVerify para preguntar sobre estos programas, podemos proporcionarle alguna información básica sobre el trabajo que realizamos para estos clientes, pero le recomendaremos que se ponga en contacto con el Cliente individual o que revise la documentación sobre privacidad que ponen a su disposición en sus propiedades.
En lo que concierne a leyes tales como el RGPD, la base jurídica del tratamiento de Información personal por parte de DoubleVerify a través de nuestras Soluciones es el interés legítimo de: i) nuestros Clientes para evitar el fraude relacionado con la publicidad y presentar información geográficamente precisa y conforme a los Usuarios finales, ii) los Usuarios finales en recibir información libre de fraude y geográficamente precisa y conforme, y iii) el público en general en la disponibilidad continua de un Internet gratuito.
DoubleVerify participa en el Marco de Transparencia y Consentimiento de IAB (TCFv2.2 – ID de proveedor 126) y utilizamos el interés legítimo como base para recoger datos para los siguientes fines:
Garantizar la seguridad, prevenir y detectar fraudes y corregir errores (Finalidad especial 1)
Entregar y presentar publicidad y contenido (Finalidad especial 2)
Guardar y comunicar las opciones de privacidad (Finalidad especial 3)
Medir el rendimiento de los anuncios (Finalidad 7)
Desarrollar y mejorar servicios (Finalidad 10)
En escenarios limitados, la entidad a cargo del Marco de Transparencia y Consentimiento de IAB Europa en la propiedad donde operan las Soluciones de DoubleVerify puede requerir que nuestra Verificación geográfica esté sujeta a consentimiento. En estos casos muy limitados, el consentimiento se aplicaría a:
Utilizar datos limitados para seleccionar publicidad (Finalidad 2)
Medir el rendimiento de los anuncios (Finalidad 7)
Desarrollar y mejorar servicios (Finalidad 10)
3. ¿Qué datos recogemos y para qué fines?
DoubleVerify, para cumplir con sus objetivos comerciales de proporcionar, mantener y mejorar sus Soluciones, recoge y utiliza ciertas categorías de Información personal e Información técnica. A continuación se detallan las categorías de Información personal e Información técnica que se tratan a través de las Soluciones de DoubleVerify. En la medida en que la Información personal sean necesaria para el funcionamiento de una o más funciones de una Solución de DoubleVerify, dicha Información personal se utilizará únicamente para los fines específicos que se describen a continuación, a menos que la ley exija lo contrario. Además, en algunas circunstancias, puede ser necesario tratar la Información personal junto con alguna Información técnica para que las Soluciones de DoubleVerify funcionen correctamente. En cualquiera de estos casos, los datos combinados se consideran Información personal y se protegen en consecuencia. Nunca combinamos, analizamos o enriquecemos la Información personal y la Información técnica que tratamos con información adicional con el objetivo de identificar a los Usuarios finales. Nunca hacemos un seguimiento de usted o de sus actividades en línea a través de aplicaciones y sitios web o a lo largo del tiempo, no nos basamos en tecnologías persistentes como las cookies de terceros y nunca creamos perfiles o grupos de audiencia para segmentar a las personas.
Categorías de Información técnica recogida y utilizada para alimentar las Soluciones de DoubleVerify:
Atributos de la campaña publicitaria: el identificador del anunciante que entrega un anuncio, sus identificadores de campaña y colocación, los identificadores de la propiedad de los medios que venden el inventario al anunciante o cualquier plataforma publicitaria intermediaria se recogen y tratan para identificar al Cliente al que estamos prestando servicio, aplicar los ajustes correctos para el Cliente, segmentar los informes del Cliente según estos identificadores y facturar al Cliente.
Atributos del contenido web: la dirección web (URL) de la página/marco donde se entrega el anuncio y la dirección de cualquier página/marco de referencia se recogen para garantizar que los anuncios se entregan en el contexto correcto que nuestro cliente ha establecido en la configuración del perfil en nuestro sistema.
Atributos de la aplicación móvil: el nombre de la aplicación móvil, identificador de la aplicación móvil, tienda de aplicaciones, desarrollador de la aplicación, calificación de estrellas de la aplicación, clasificación de edad de la aplicación y otra información disponible públicamente sobre la aplicación móvil a la que se entrega el anuncio. Esta información se utiliza para garantizar que los anuncios se entregan en el contexto correcto que nuestro cliente ha establecido en la configuración del perfil en nuestro sistema.
Atributos del entorno digital; el tipo de dispositivo conectado al que se entrega el anuncio: teléfono móvil, ordenador de sobremesa, televisión conectada u otro dispositivo, el tipo de navegador y la versión utilizada para renderizar la página en la que aparece el anuncio y el sistema operativo se recogen para determinar qué versión de nuestro código se ejecutaría correctamente en ese entorno y para medir adecuadamente si el anuncio tuvo la oportunidad de ser visible en la pantalla de acuerdo con las normas del sector, que varían entre los distintos entornos.
Atributos de visibilidad: la ubicación del anuncio en la página, el tamaño del anuncio, tamaño de la pantalla, tamaño de la ventana gráfica, estado de enfoque de la pestaña, estado de enfoque del navegador, duración del anuncio en la parte visible de la página web y posición de desplazamiento de la página web se recogen para determinar e informar a nuestros clientes si el anuncio tuvo la oportunidad de ser visible en la pantalla.
Atributos de exposición y compromiso: se recogen datos que muestran si se ha hecho clic en el anuncio, deslizado, pulsado o tocado, cambiado de tamaño, saltado, silenciado, pausado, girado, pasado por encima o cambiado de volumen para ayudar a nuestros Clientes a medir el rendimiento del anuncio, la campaña publicitaria o la propiedad de los medios.
Categorías de datos recogidos y utilizados para potenciar la Eliminación del fraude:
Los identificadores de presencia electrónica y de dispositivo anónimos, es decir, la dirección IP, la cadena de agente de usuario o los derivados de estos dos valores, se utilizan para evaluar si la presencia en línea o el dispositivo participan o están asociados a un esquema fraudulento.
Categorías de datos recogidos y utilizados para hacer funcionar la Verificación geográfica:
Los identificadores de presencia electrónica y de dispositivos anónimos (dirección IP) se recogen para determinar la ubicación geográfica a la que están asociados. Cada IP se asocia a un país y, dentro de Estados Unidos, a una información más específica a nivel de código postal. Nunca se recoge su información exacta de geolocalización.
En circunstancias limitadas, DoubleVerify puede ser requerida por algunos de sus Clientes, por ejemplo Clientes que operan como “jardín(es) amurallado(s)”, para tratar Información personal adicional para habilitar sus Soluciones. Dicha información personal adicional puede referirse a los usuarios finales, a los individuos que crean cuentas dentro de dichos “jardines amurallados” o a los individuos que crean contenidos que se publican dentro de dichos entornos “amurallados”. En la medida en que DoubleVerify sea requerida por uno de sus Clientes que operan como “jardines amurallados” para tratar Información personal adicional para habilitar ciertas Soluciones, DoubleVerify tratará dicha Información personal únicamente con el propósito de cumplir con sus obligaciones con el Cliente y estrictamente de acuerdo con las instrucciones del Cliente, según sea necesario para operar, mantener y, en su caso, mejorar las Soluciones. Trabajamos con diligencia con estos clientes para garantizar que la Información personal tratada se limita únicamente a la Información personal necesaria para lograr estos fines. En circunstancias limitadas, nuestra interacción con los “jardines amurallados” puede resultar en la recepción incidental de Información personal. DoubleVerify trabaja diligentemente para supervisar tales instancias y garantizar que dicha información personal no se trate más allá de su recepción, excepto para purgarla de forma segura de nuestros sistemas. Dado que en estos escenarios las categorías específicas de Información personal dependen de la integración personalizada y de las decisiones del Cliente, y varían de un Cliente a otro, si tiene más preguntas, le recomendamos que se ponga en contacto con el Cliente individual o que revise la documentación sobre privacidad que ponen a su disposición en sus propiedades.
Las Soluciones no están pensadas ni dirigidas al tratamiento de Información personal de menores. No recogemos conscientemente Información personal de menores, tal y como se define dicho término en las leyes aplicables en cada momento. Si usted es un padre(madre) o tutor y cree que la Información personal de su hijo(a) puede haber sido tratada a través de las Soluciones, por favor, póngase en contacto con nosotros utilizando la información de la sección 13 “
Cómo ponerse en contacto con DoubleVerify
” que aparece a continuación y tomaremos las medidas necesarias para eliminar de forma segura su Información personal de nuestros sistemas.
4. ¿Cómo utilizamos los datos que recogemos?
DoubleVerify solo utiliza la Información técnica y la Información personal recogidas para los fines descritos en la sección 3, “
¿Qué datos recogemos y para qué fines?
”, de este Aviso de privacidad de las soluciones. En general, la Información técnica y su Información personal se tratan para proporcionar informes, paneles de control, comentarios y perspectivas (“
Informes
”) a nuestros Clientes. Los informes de DV, en cualquier formato, se anonimizan y se agregan o, en la medida en que se requiera información a nivel de impresión, cada impresión se desidentifica para garantizar que la información personal de los usuarios finales nunca se comparta con los clientes. No obstante lo anterior, los informes elaborados para los Clientes que operan como “jardines amurallados” (por ejemplo, las empresas de medios sociales) y otros Clientes que dependen de dichos informes (por ejemplo, las empresas que se anuncian en los medios sociales) pueden incluir información de los individuos que crean cuentas dentro de dichos “jardines amurallados” o de los individuos que crean contenidos que se publican dentro de dichos entornos “amurallados”. Esta sección proporciona información adicional sobre cómo se trata la Información técnica y su Información personal para lograr los fines comerciales especificados en la sección 3 de este Aviso de privacidad de las soluciones.
DoubleVerify utiliza la Información técnica recogida a través de las Soluciones, según se especifica en la sección 3.1, de las siguientes maneras:
Para analizar e informar sobre el contexto en el que se muestran los anuncios, su calidad, autenticidad y rendimiento. En concreto, la información que indica si un anuncio que se está mostrando cumple con los requisitos legales y de colocación preestablecidos por el Cliente, así como con los ajustes de preferencias que el Cliente ha establecido en nuestro sistema.
Proporcionar información y tomar decisiones preventivas sobre las oportunidades de impresión. La tecnología de DoubleVerify analiza las características de los datos de una oportunidad de impresión y determina si el anuncio del Cliente debe mostrarse o no, por ejemplo, determinando que el contenido del entorno no concuerda con la marca y las preferencias de ese Cliente.
Con el fin de potenciar la Eliminación del fraude, DoubleVerify utiliza la Información técnica y la Información personal recogidas a través de las Soluciones, tal y como se especifica en la sección 3.1 y 3.2, para:
Revisar e identificar impresiones publicitarias específicas que son fraudulentas debido a que son generadas por navegadores no humanos y controlados por bots.
Evaluar e identificar el tráfico no válido, como el generado por inyectores de anuncios, con origen en los centros de datos, el tráfico falseado, el tráfico emulado y otros tipos de tráfico no válido.
Para analizar e identificar sitios web, aplicaciones para dispositivos móviles y conectados, y propiedades de medios de comunicación que tengan tráfico fraudulento y/o generen impresiones publicitarias fraudulentas.
Identificar los patrones de tráfico de los sitios web que participan en actividades publicitarias fraudulentas.
Para diferenciar entre el tráfico generado por navegadores no humanos controlados por bots y navegadores humanos.
Determinar si los anuncios analizados siguen los requisitos legales aplicables y las preferencias establecidas por nuestros Clientes.
Determinar si un intermediario intenta falsear sus características de funcionamiento para evitar la identificación de fraudes u otro tipo de tráfico no válido.
Determinar si el tráfico del sitio web o las impresiones de anuncios se están originando en una granja de servidores en lugar de una actividad de navegación generada por humanos.
Determinar si el tráfico se está adquiriendo a través de prácticas fraudulentas o a través de otras prácticas de adquisición de tráfico que no se ajustan a las directrices o preferencias del Cliente.
Crear registros de direcciones IP y cadenas de agentes de usuario asociados con esquemas fraudulentos y tráfico no generado por humanos (“Tablas de fraude”). Dado que estos elementos de datos están asociados a interacciones no humanas, no constituyen Datos personales.
Para potenciar la geoverificación, DoubleVerify utiliza la Información técnica y la Información personal recogidas a través de las Soluciones, tal y como se especifica en la Sección 3.3, para:
Evaluar a alto nivel (país, estado, región o, para los residentes en EE. UU., código postal) la ubicación geográfica del Usuario final y verificar si este se encuentra dentro de la configuración de la campaña o del tráfico del Cliente.
En la medida en que DoubleVerify sea requerida por uno de sus Clientes que operan como “jardines amurallados” para tratar Información personal adicional para habilitar ciertas Soluciones, DoubleVerify tratará dicha Información personal únicamente con el propósito de cumplir con sus obligaciones con el Cliente y estrictamente de acuerdo con las instrucciones del Cliente, según sea necesario para operar, mantener y, en su caso, mejorar las Soluciones. Si tiene alguna duda, le recomendamos que se ponga en contacto con el Cliente individual o que revise la documentación sobre privacidad que ponen a su disposición en sus propiedades.
5. ¿Cómo y a quién revelamos datos?
DoubleVerify no divulga Información personal a terceros, excepto en la medida en que sea estrictamente necesario para nuestros fines comerciales para operar, mantener y mejorar nuestras Soluciones. En la medida en que compartimos voluntariamente cualquier Información personal, nos aseguramos de que los destinatarios los protejan de forma coherente con nuestras propias políticas y normas.
Podemos compartir su Información personal con:
Proveedores de servicios: empresas que hemos contratado para que nos presten servicios como la administración de sistemas y de TI, servicios de infraestructura y alojamiento, investigación y análisis, asistencia y garantía de calidad, seguridad y otros servicios, para los fines y de conformidad con la base jurídica descrita anteriormente. Puede solicitar una lista de nuestros proveedores de servicios, qué Información personal reciben y con qué fines poniéndose en contacto con nosotros. Puede encontrar la información de contacto en la sección 13 “
Cómo ponerse en contacto con DoubleVerify
” de este Aviso de privacidad de las soluciones.
Filiales: como una empresa matriz, empresas hermanas, subsidiarias, empresas conjuntas u otras empresas bajo control común, en la medida necesaria para operar, mantener y mejorar nuestras Soluciones. Puede solicitar una lista de nuestras Filiales, qué Información personal reciben y con qué fines poniéndose en contacto con nosotros. Puede encontrar la información de contacto en la sección 13 “
Cómo ponerse en contacto con DoubleVerify
” de este Aviso de privacidad de las soluciones.
Terceros contratados por nuestros Clientes: para apoyar a nuestros Clientes, podemos integrar nuestras Soluciones con otras herramientas y servicios contratados por nuestros Clientes para ofrecer servicios mejorados y capacidades de generación de informes. En ningún caso recibimos datos de estas integraciones que permitan a DoubleVerify enriquecer nuestros datos e identificar a los Usuarios finales. En situaciones limitadas, podemos compartir información a nivel de impresión con Empresas contratadas por nuestros Clientes para llevar a cabo investigaciones sobre la eficacia del marketing. En circunstancias limitadas, nuestros clientes pueden indicarnos que compartamos cierta información personal necesaria para permitir la funcionalidad de un producto o servicio no gestionado por DoubleVerify.
Terceros involucrados en una transacción corporativa: en el caso de que DoubleVerify sea adquirida o fusionada con otra Empresa, o en el caso de una reorganización, disolución u otro cambio corporativo sustancial.
Podemos estar legalmente obligados a revelar su Información personal:
a) Si una entidad gubernamental, tribunal, autoridad del orden público o agencia reguladora exige dicha divulgación (por ejemplo, como parte de una investigación en curso, una citación o un proceso o procedimiento legal similar);
b) Si así lo exige cualquier ley, reglamento o norma aplicable; y
c) Si creemos, de buena fe, que dicha divulgación es necesaria para proteger o defender nuestros derechos o los de otros, para cooperar en una investigación o para prevenir una actividad ilegal.
Las Tablas de fraude y otros informes relacionados con la Eliminación del fraude, las fuentes de datos, API y paneles de control que no contengan Información personal pueden ser compartidos o puestos a disposición de los Clientes y de otras terceras partes, incluyendo, por ejemplo, organizaciones de la industria, según sea necesario para que DoubleVerify pueda alcanzar sus objetivos comerciales de proporcionar, mantener y mejorar la parte de la Eliminación del fraude de nuestras Soluciones y combatir el fraude publicitario.
No compartimos su Información personal con nuestros Clientes. Todos los informes y análisis que ponemos a disposición de los Clientes a través de nuestro Portal de Informes son anónimos, lo que significa que no contienen Información personal. Los informes son generalmente agregados, pero en circunstancias limitadas se proporcionan informes a nivel de impresión a nuestros Clientes, a través de puntos finales FTP o API, siempre que dichos informes no contengan Información personal. Podemos compartir la Información técnica, que es anónima, en formatos agregados o sin tratar, con terceros si lo consideramos necesario para llevar a cabo nuestros propósitos comerciales de proporcionar, mantener y mejorar las Soluciones. Además, podemos compartir datos anónimos o desidentificados de forma agregada en el curso normal del funcionamiento de nuestro negocio; por ejemplo, para publicar estudios de casos e informes que muestren tendencias sobre los beneficios y el rendimiento de nuestras Soluciones.
Para evitar dudas, DoubleVerify no divulga información personal a entidades que operan como una “empresa” o un “tercero” según leyes como la CCPA.
6. ¿Cuánto tiempo conservamos la Información personal?
DoubleVerify conserva la Información personal tratada a través de sus Soluciones solo durante el tiempo necesario para llevar a cabo los propósitos descritos en este Aviso de privacidad de las Soluciones, y en ningún caso más de cuarenta y cinco (45) días. Una vez finalizado ese periodo, la Información personal es eliminada de forma segura de los sistemas de DoubleVerify.
Las Tablas de fraude pueden ser retenidas indefinidamente para asegurar el correcto funcionamiento de la Solución de Eliminación del fraude.
La Información técnica, al ser de naturaleza anónima, puede ser conservada por DoubleVerify indefinidamente o durante el tiempo que dispongan las políticas de DoubleVerify y que permitan la legislación aplicable y los acuerdos de DoubleVerify con sus Clientes.
7. ¿Cómo se protege la información personal?
DoubleVerify ha implantado medidas técnicas, físicas y organizativas apropiadas, diseñadas para proteger la Información personal contra la destrucción accidental o ilícita o la pérdida accidental, daño, alteración, divulgación o acceso no autorizados, así como cualquier otra forma de tratamiento ilícito. Aunque seguimos las normas generalmente aceptadas y las mejores prácticas para proteger la Información personal, ningún método de almacenamiento o transmisión es 100 % seguro. Sin embargo, trabajamos constantemente para mejorar nuestras salvaguardias y mantener su Información personal segura.
8. ¿Cómo se transfiere la Información personal a nivel internacional?
Tenga en cuenta que la Información personal que recogemos puede ser transferida y conservada en servidores o bases de datos situados fuera de su estado, provincia, país u otra jurisdicción. Aunque su Información personal puede ser transmitida a través de un centro de datos local temporal para asegurar que las Soluciones son eficientes y receptivas, en última instancia DoubleVerify almacena toda la Información personal recogida a través de las Soluciones en Estados Unidos. Como Empresa internacional, tenemos oficinas en Estados Unidos, Reino Unido, Francia, Bélgica, Finlandia, Alemania, Israel, Canadá, México, Brasil, Japón, India, Singapur y Australia. Es posible que nuestros empleados en estos lugares tengan que acceder a su Información personal para dar soporte a nuestras Soluciones. El nivel de protección de datos establecido en algunos de estos lugares, como Estados Unidos, puede ser inferior al establecido en la Unión Europea o en otras jurisdicciones que han promulgado estrictas leyes y normas de privacidad.
Tomamos medidas para garantizar que su Información personal se almacena de forma segura con nosotros, cumpliendo con los requisitos de privacidad y seguridad impuestos a las empresas de la Unión Europea. También nos aseguramos de que cualquier otro destinatario de su Información personal ofrezca un nivel adecuado de protección y seguridad, por ejemplo, celebrando los correspondientes acuerdos de respaldo y, si es necesario, cláusulas contractuales tipo o un mecanismo alternativo para la transferencia de datos aprobado por la Comisión Europea u otro regulador aplicable. Las prácticas de privacidad de DoubleVerify, descritas en este Aviso de privacidad, cumplen con el Sistema de reglas de privacidad transfronterizas (CBPR, por sus siglas en inglés) de la APEC y el Sistema de reconocimiento de privacidad para encargados del tratamiento (PRP, por sus siglas en inglés). Los sistemas CBPR y PRP de la APEC proporcionan marcos de trabajo para que las organizaciones garanticen la protección de la información personal transferida entre las economías participantes de la APEC. Puede encontrar más información sobre los marcos de trabajo de la APEC
aquí
. Si tiene alguna pregunta sobre dónde almacenamos la Información personal, puede ponerse en contacto con nosotros como se indica en la sección 13 “
Cómo ponerse en contacto con DoubleVerify
” de este Aviso de privacidad global.
Además, DoubleVerify Inc., y sus subsidiarias Outrigger Media, Inc. con nombre comercial OpenSlate, Scibids Technology Inc., Zentrick Inc. (“DoubleVerify”), cumple [sic: cumplen] con el Marco de Privacidad de Datos UE-EE. UU. (MPD UE-EE. UU.), la Ampliación al Reino Unido del MPD UE-EE. UU. y el Marco de Privacidad de Datos Suiza-EE. UU. (MPD Suiza-EE. UU.) según lo establecido por el Departamento de Comercio de EE. UU. DoubleVerify ha certificado al Departamento de Comercio de EE. UU. que se adhiere a los Principios del Marco de Privacidad de Datos UE-EE. UU. (Principios MPD UE-EE. UU.) con respecto al tratamiento de datos personales recibidos de la Unión Europea en base al MPD UE-EE. UU. y del Reino Unido (y Gibraltar) en el marco de la Ampliación al Reino Unido del MPD UE-EE. UU. DoubleVerify ha certificado al Departamento de Comercio de EE. UU. que se adhiere a los Principios del Marco de Privacidad de Datos Suiza-EE. UU. (Principios del MPD Suiza-EE. UU.) con respecto al tratamiento de datos personales recibidos de Suiza en base al MPD Suiza-EE. UU. Si existe cualquier conflicto entre los términos de esta política de privacidad y los Principios del MPD UE-EE. UU. y/o los Principios del MPD Suiza-EE. UU., prevalecerán los Principios. Para obtener más información sobre el programa del Marco de Privacidad de Datos (MPD) y ver nuestra certificación, visite https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/.
DoubleVerify es responsable del tratamiento de los datos personales que recibe, en virtud del MPD, y posteriormente transfiere a un tercero que actúa como agente en su nombre. DoubleVerify cumple con los Principios del MPD para todas las transferencias ulteriores de datos personales desde la UE, el Reino Unido y Suiza, incluidas las disposiciones sobre responsabilidad por transferencias ulteriores.
La Comisión Federal de Comercio tiene jurisdicción sobre el cumplimiento por parte de DoubleVerify del MPD UE-EE. UU., la Ampliación al Reino Unido del MPD UE-EE. UU. y el MPD Suiza-EE. UU. En determinadas situaciones, es posible que se solicite a DoubleVerify que divulgue datos personales en respuesta a solicitudes legales de autoridades públicas, incluso para cumplir con requisitos de seguridad nacional o de cumplimiento de la ley.
De conformidad con el MPD UE-EE. UU., la Ampliación al Reino Unido del MPD UE-EE. UU. y el MPD Suiza-EE. UU., DoubleVerify se compromete a remitir las quejas no resueltas relacionadas con nuestra gestión de los datos personales recibidas en virtud del MPD UE-EE. UU., la Ampliación al Reino Unido del MPD UE-EE. UU. y del MPD Suiza-EE. UU. a TRUSTe, un proveedor de soluciones alternativas de resolución de conflictos con sede en Estados Unidos. Si no recibe un acuse de recibo oportuno de nuestra parte sobre su queja relacionada con los Principios del MPD, o si no hemos abordado su queja relacionada con los Principios del MPD de manera satisfactoria, visite https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request para obtener más información o para presentar una queja. Estos servicios de resolución de conflictos se brindan sin coste alguno para usted.
Para quejas relacionadas con el cumplimiento del MPD no resueltas por ninguno de los otros mecanismos del MPD, usted tiene la posibilidad, bajo ciertas condiciones, de invocar un arbitraje vinculante. Puede encontrar más información en el sitio web oficial del MPD.
9. ¿Cuales son sus derechos?
Los Usuarios finales de determinadas jurisdicciones pueden tener derechos como interesados que les permiten presentar solicitudes relacionadas con su Información personal. La mayoría de las jurisdicciones también proporcionan a los Usuarios finales el derecho a ser informados de cómo se recogen la Información personal, cómo se utiliza y con quién puede haber sido compartida o divulgada, así como para qué fines. El Aviso de privacidad de las soluciones de DoubleVerify pretende cumplir con estos requisitos, pero si usted tiene alguna pregunta adicional o le gustaría entender mejor cómo pueden haberse recogido su Información personal, cómo se ha utilizado o con quién puede haber sido compartida o divulgada, y por qué, póngase en contacto con nosotros sirviéndose de la sección 13 “
Cómo ponerse en contacto con DoubleVerify
” que aparece a continuación.
Los residentes del Espacio Económico Europeo, el Reino Unido, Suiza o California, entre otros, tienen varios derechos según las leyes y regulaciones de privacidad aplicables, como el RGPD y la CCPA. Para ejercer estos derechos, puede utilizar
este Formulario
o ponerse en contacto con nosotros sirviéndose de la sección 13 “
Cómo ponerse en contacto con DoubleVerify
” que aparece a continuación. De conformidad con determinadas leyes y reglamentos, como la CCPA, también puede designar a un agente autorizado para que presente una solicitud o ejerza un derecho en su nombre. No discriminaremos ni tomaremos represalias contra usted por ejercer sus derechos.
Estos derechos son:
El derecho a acceder a la Información personal que podamos tener sobre usted, incluyendo información sobre las categorías y los elementos específicos de la Información personal.
El derecho a corregir la Información personal inexacta que podamos tener sobre usted. Tenga en cuenta que, debido a la naturaleza de la Información personal que recogemos y al método de recogida, es muy poco probable que tengamos la Información personal inexacta o que cumpla las circunstancias que requieren una corrección.
El derecho a solicitar que DoubleVerify elimine cualquier Información personal que podamos tener sobre usted.
El derecho a solicitar que se suspenda o restrinja el tratamiento de la Información personal sobre usted durante un período de tiempo, por ejemplo, mientras evalúa si tiene otros derechos que desee ejercer.
En la medida en que su Información personal se trate sobre la base de un interés legítimo, usted tiene derecho a oponerse a dicho tratamiento.
En la medida en que su Información personal se trate con base en su consentimiento, retirar dicho consentimiento a través del Marco de Transparencia y Consentimiento de IAB Europa.
En la medida de lo posible, satisfacemos cualquier solicitud relacionada con un usuario final siempre que podamos relacionar al usuario final con la Información personal que tenemos en nuestros sistemas. Sin embargo, en determinadas circunstancias, es posible que tengamos que verificar su identidad para satisfacer una solicitud. Para verificar su identidad o comprender el alcance de su solicitud, es posible que tengamos que solicitar información adicional sobre usted. No se le pedirá que cree una cuenta con nosotros para enviar una solicitud o para que esta sea atendida. Tendrá que proporcionar una dirección de correo electrónico para que podamos comunicarnos con usted y atender su solicitud, así como cualquier información que podamos necesitar para permitirnos verificar si disponemos de Información personal sobre usted. Tenga en cuenta que pueden existir circunstancias que nos impidan satisfacer su solicitud, pero si no podemos satisfacerla le explicaremos el motivo. Si no disponemos de la Información personal sobre usted, se lo haremos saber. Hacemos todo lo posible para responder a todas las preguntas y solicitudes tan pronto como sea razonablemente posible, pero concédanos hasta treinta (30) días para atenderlas.
En la medida en que DoubleVerify actúa como “encargado del tratamiento”, “contratista” o “proveedor de servicios”, tal y como se define en la legislación aplicable, es posible que tenga que dirigir sus solicitudes para ejercer sus derechos al Cliente correspondiente que actúa como “responsable del tratamiento” o “negocio”.
10. Divulgaciones adicionales
Determinadas leyes y normativas sobre privacidad, como la CCPA, exigen que las empresas revelen si venden Información personal. DoubleVerify no “vende” ni “comparte” Datos personales tal y como dichos términos se definen en virtud de las leyes de California, Virginia, Nevada o similares.
11. ¿DoubleVerify utiliza la Inteligencia artificial?
DoubleVerify utiliza la Inteligencia artificial (“IA”) en diversas capacidades y formas en toda la organización. Si bien DoubleVerify hace uso de tecnologías de IA, no participamos en la “toma de decisiones automatizada” según lo definido por las leyes y regulaciones de privacidad aplicables.
12. Legislación aplicable
En la medida en que las leyes y reglamentos aplicables lo permitan, este Aviso de privacidad de las soluciones se rige y se interpreta de acuerdo con las leyes internas del estado de Delaware, y la jurisdicción y la sede para cualquier disputa será en Delaware.
13. ¿Actualizamos este Aviso de privacidad de las soluciones?
Podemos actualizar este Aviso de privacidad de las soluciones de vez en cuando para reflejar cambios en nuestras soluciones, prácticas, políticas u otros cambios internos o externos, así como para cumplir con nuevos requisitos legales. Cualquier cambio se publicará tan pronto como entre en vigor. Si realizamos actualizaciones, actualizaremos la “fecha de entrada en vigor” que aparece en la parte superior de este Aviso de privacidad de las soluciones para ayudarle a entender cuándo se han realizado los cambios. Para mantenerse informado de dichas actualizaciones, le recomendamos que consulte regularmente este Aviso de privacidad de las soluciones. Tenga en cuenta que cualquier traducción de este Aviso de privacidad de las soluciones está destinada únicamente a facilitar su acceso a esta información. La versión en inglés es la única versión oficial de este Aviso de privacidad de las soluciones y cualquier inexactitud o discrepancia en la traducción no es vinculante y no tiene ningún efecto legal a efectos de cumplimiento o aplicación.
14. Cómo ponerse en contacto con DoubleVerify
Si tiene alguna pregunta, duda o comentario sobre este Aviso de privacidad de las soluciones, o cree que su Información personal se ha utilizado de una manera que no es coherente con el Aviso de privacidad o con sus elecciones, puede ponerse en contacto con nuestro equipo de privacidad en:
Delegado de privacidad / Delegado de protección de datos (Equipo de privacidad) Información de contacto
DoubleVerify Inc.
462 Broadway
New York, NY 10013
privacy-policy@doubleverify.com
Si tiene alguna inquietud no resuelta sobre la privacidad o el uso de los datos que no hayamos resuelto satisfactoriamente, póngase en contacto con nuestro proveedor de resolución de conflictos con sede en Estados Unidos (de forma gratuita) en
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
. Nos comprometemos a lograr una resolución justa de cualquier queja o preocupación que pueda tener sobre su privacidad o este Aviso de privacidad de las soluciones. No obstante, si cree que no hemos podido ayudarle, nada de lo dispuesto en este Aviso de privacidad de las soluciones limita o intenta limitar sus derechos en virtud de la legislación aplicable, incluida su capacidad, en función de su país de residencia, de presentar una reclamación ante la autoridad local de protección de datos u otro organismo con jurisdicción sobre asuntos relacionados con la privacidad.
Ikraftträdandedatum: den 28 juni 2024
Översikt
DoubleVerify, Inc. jämte dess globala dotterbolag, (”
DoubleVerify
”, ”
vi
”, ”
oss
” eller ”
vår
”) är branschledande när det gäller transparens och ansvarstagande vid annonsering online. DoubleVerify använder olika tekniker för att samla in information om annonsering online, webbplatstrafik, mobil apptrafik och ansluten enhetstrafik för att kunna leverera produkter och lösningar för transparens och ansvarstagande vid annonsering till våra kunder (sammantaget ”
lösningar
”). Detta integritetsmeddelande (”
integritetsmeddelande
för lösningar
”) förklarar vilka vi är, hur vi samlar in, använder och delar personuppgifter genom våra lösningar, samt hur du kan utöva dina integritetsrättigheter.
Om du vill ha mer information om hur DoubleVerify behandlar personuppgifter som samlas in på våra webbplatser som är öppna för allmänheten kan du besöka vårt
integritetsmeddelande för webbplatser och marknadsföring
.
Om du använder DoubleVerifys lösningar och vill ha mer information om hur DoubleVerify behandlar personuppgifter som samlas in via våra rapporteringsverktyg, besök vårt integritetsmeddelande för
rapporteringsverktyg
.
Snabblänkar
Vi rekommenderar att du läser hela detta integritetsmeddelande för lösningar för att säkerställa att du är fullständigt informerad. För att göra det enklare för dig att hitta och granska specifika delar av detta integritetsmeddelande för lösningar har vi dock delat upp det i följande avsnitt:
Vem är DoubleVerify?
Vilken är vår roll, våra mål och vår rättsliga grund för behandling?
Vilka uppgifter samlar vi in och för vilka ändamål?
Hur använder vi uppgifter som vi samlar in?
Hur och till vem lämnar vi ut uppgifter?
Hur länge behåller vi personuppgifter?
Hur skyddas personuppgifter?
Hur överförs personuppgifter internationellt?
Vilka är dina rättigheter?
Ytterligare upplysningar
Använder DoubleVerify artificiell intelligens?
Reglerande lag
Uppdaterar vi detta integritetsmeddelande för lösningar?
Hur man kontaktar DoubleVerify.
1. Vem är DoubleVerify?
DoubleVerifys ackrediterade plattformar tillhandahåller oberoende digital mediemätning, data och analyser om leveransen av annonsintrycket och webbplatstrafiken vid visning av annonsering (eller ”annonser”), för att hjälpa annonsörer och säljare av annonsutrymme (tillsammans ”
kunder
”) att bekräfta korrekta leveransegenskaper, inklusive varumärkessäkerhet, synlighetsmätvärden, kontextuella- och miljöparametrar (t.ex. webbplatsen där en annons visas, och var på webbsidan den visas), annonsintryck och egenskaper rörande webbplatsens trafikkvalitet, och ge insikter som gör det möjligt för våra kunder att fatta välgrundade beslut om placeringen av deras annons och varumärke.
Vi vill tillhandahålla ett starkt integritetsskydd till alla personer vars uppgifter vi eventuellt behandlar i någon form. Vi anser nämligen att integritet är en grundläggande rättighet, inte något som varierar beror på var du bor. För att leva upp till denna princip, behandlar vi alla uppgifter som ”personuppgifter” som relaterar till eller är kopplade till en identifierad eller identifierbar person, oavsett var personen är hemmahörande. När det gäller våra lösningar, begränsar DoubleVerify vår insamling av information till uppgifter som inte möjliggör identifiering av en individ utan ytterligare information. Till exempel behandlar DoubleVerify din IP-adress (Internet Protocol), som är ett nummer som automatiskt tilldelas en dator när Internet används. Även om DoubleVerify behandlar sådan information som personuppgifter i enlighet med bästa praxis och tillämpliga lagar kombinerar vi aldrig den informationen med andra uppgifter som skulle göra det möjligt för oss att identifiera personen som den avser.
Detta integritetsmeddelande för lösningar är avsett att informera individer vars uppgifter kan behandlas genom våra lösningar (“
slutanvändare
” eller, “
du
” och “
din(a)
”) om: (1) de typer av information som DoubleVerify eventuellt samlar in om dig eller din enhet när en annons som analyseras av oss levereras till dig på en webbplats som du besöker eller i en app som du använder, (2) våra integritetsrutiner, hur vi eventuellt använder, delar, och på annat sätt behandlar information som anses vara personuppgifter, och (3) vilka rättigheter du har med avseende på sådana personuppgifter. Detta integritetsmeddelande för lösningar förklarar också vilka icke-personliga uppgifter (”
teknisk information
”) vi samlar in om de annonser vi spårar och hur vi använder den tekniska informationen för att driva våra lösningar.
2. Vilken är vår roll, våra mål och vår rättsliga grund för behandling?
DoubleVerifys bekämpning av bedrägerier (”
bedrägeribekämpning
”) och verifiering av geografisk efterlevnad (”
geoverifiering
”) kräver behandling av personuppgifter. Med undantag för de begränsade omständigheter som beskrivs nedan, med avseende på lagar och förordningar som den allmänna dataskyddsförordningen (”
GDPR
”), driver DoubleVerify bedrägeribekämpning som en ”personuppgiftsansvarig” och geoverifiering som ett ”personuppgiftsbiträde”. När det gäller California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”) och andra amerikanska delstatliga regelverk kan vår beteckning variera beroende på den specifika relationen med enskilda kunder. Eftersom de personuppgifter vi behandlar samlas in av vår teknik och ”görs tillgängliga” för oss av våra kunder, arbetar vi i allmänhet som ”entreprenör” enligt CCPA eller som ”personuppgiftsbiträde” enligt andra amerikanska delstatliga lagar och regelverk.  Trots det föregående kan vi under begränsade omständigheter där personuppgifter görs tillgängliga för DoubleVerify via specialdesignade integrationer och andra icke-standardmetoder, till exempel när sådana personuppgifter samlas in och tillhandahålls av en kund för DoubleVerifys analys, alltid anses vara ”personuppgiftsbiträde” eller ”tjänsteleverantör” enligt CCPA.  Detta scenario är vanligast i våra samarbeten med kunder på sociala medier och andra kunder som arbetar i egna miljöer, ofta kallade “slutna nätverk”.
Med undantag för bedrägeribekämpning, inklusive vad som krävs för att kvalificera intryck enligt standardpraxis i branschen (t.ex. riktlinjer från Media Ratings Council) och geoverifiering, kräver DoubleVerifys andra lösningar (t.ex. visningsbarhet, varumärkessäkerhet och lämplighet) i allmänhet inte behandling av personuppgifter. Det finns dock omständigheter, såsom tillfällen då vi kan tillhandahålla sådana lösningar till kunder som driver ”slutna nätverk”, där dessa kunder i rollen som personuppgiftsansvarig kan kräva att DoubleVerify behandlar ytterligare personuppgifter för slutanvändare eller personer som skapar konton och innehåll inom kundens miljöer. I sådana scenarier avgör kunderna vilka personuppgifter som behandlas. I deras egenskap av personuppgiftsansvariga avgör de också, efter eget gottfinnande, den rättsliga grunden för behandlingen av sådana personuppgifter. För ytterligare information om dessa kunders integritetsrutiner, vilka personuppgifter som behandlas och den tillämpliga rättsliga grunden för behandling, ska du granska varje kunds relevanta och tillämpliga integritetsmeddelande eller uttalanden. Om du kontaktar DoubleVerify för att fråga om dessa program kan vi tillhandahålla grundläggande information om arbetet vi utför för dessa kunder men vi rekommenderar att du kontaktar den enskilda kunden eller granskar den integritetsdokumentation som de gör tillgänglig på deras egendom.
Eftersom det avser lagstiftning såsom GDPR är DoubleVerifys rättsliga grund för behandling av personuppgifter genom våra lösningar det legitima intresset för: (i) våra kunder att undvika annonsrelaterade bedrägerier och presentera geografiskt korrekt och överensstämmande information till slutanvändare, (ii) slutanvändarna att få information som är fri från bedrägerier och geografiskt korrekt och överensstämmande, och (iii) allmänheten i den fortsatta tillgången till ett kostnadsfritt internet.
DoubleVerify deltar i IAB:s ramverk för transparens och samtycke (TCFv2.2 – Vendor ID 126), och vi använder berättigat intresse som grund för insamling av uppgifter för följande ändamål:
säkerställa säkerhet, förhindra och upptäcka bedrägerier och åtgärda fel (särskilt syfte 1)
leverera och presentera reklam och innehåll (särskilt syfte 2)
spara och kommunicera integritetsval (särskilt ändamål 3)
mäta annonsprestanda (syfte 7)
utveckla och förbättra tjänster (syfte 10)
I begränsade scenarier kan den enhet som ansvarar för IAB:s ramverk för transparens och samtycke i egendomen där DoubleVerifys lösningar är verksamt göra vår geoverifiering föremål för samtycke. Under dessa mycket begränsade fall gäller samtycket för att:
använda begränsade data för att välja reklam (syfte 2)
mäta annonsprestanda (syfte 7)
utveckla och förbättra tjänster (syfte 10)
3. Vilka uppgifter samlar vi in och för vilka ändamål?
DoubleVerify samlar in och använder vissa kategorier av personuppgifter och teknisk information för att bedriva sin affärsverksamhet att tillhandahålla, underhålla och förbättra sina lösningar. De kategorier av personuppgifter och teknisk information som behandlas genom DoubleVerify-lösningarna beskrivs nedan. I den utsträckning personuppgifter krävs för att driva en eller flera funktioner i en av DoubleVerifys lösningar, kommer sådana personuppgifter endast att användas för de specifika ändamål som beskrivs nedan, om inte annat krävs enligt lag. Under vissa omständigheter kan det dessutom vara nödvändigt att behandla personuppgifterna tillsammans med viss teknisk information för att DoubleVerifys lösningar ska fungera korrekt. I alla sådana situationer betraktas de kombinerade uppgifterna som personuppgifter och skyddas därefter. Vi vare sig kombinerar, analyserar eller tillför ytterligare information till de personuppgifter och tekniska information vi behandlar i syfte att identifiera slutanvändarna. Vi spårar aldrig dig eller dina aktiviteter online på appar och webbplatser eller över tid, vi förlitar oss inte på beständiga tekniker som tredjepartscookies, och vi skapar aldrig profiler eller målgruppsgrupper för att rikta oss till individer.
Kategorier av teknisk information som samlas in och används för att driva DoubleVerifys lösningar:
Attribut för annonskampanjer – identifieraren för annonsören som levererar en annons, dess kampanj- och placeringsidentifierare, identifierare för medieföretaget som säljer utrymmet till annonsören eller annonseringsplattformen tillhörande en mellanhand samlas in och behandlas för att identifiera kunden vi betjänar, för att tillämpa korrekta inställningar för kunden, för att segmentera kunden enligt dessa identifierare i rapporter och för att fakturera kunden.
Attribut för webbinnehåll – webbadressen (URL) för den sida/ram som annonsen levereras till, och adressen för eventuella hänvisande sidor/ramar samlas in för att säkerställa att annonserna levereras inom ramen för de profilinställningar som vår kund har angivit i vårt system.
Attribut för mobilapplikationer – mobilapplikationens namn, mobilapplikationens id, appbutik, utvecklare av applikationen, stjärngradering för applikationen, åldersgradering för applikationen och annan offentligt tillgänglig information om mobilapplikationen där annonsen visas. Denna information används för att säkerställa att annonserna levereras i rätt sammanhang enligt de profilinställningar som vår kund har angivit i vårt system.
Attribut för digitala miljöer – den typ av ansluten enhet som annonsen levereras till: mobil, stationär dator, ansluten TV eller annan enhet, webbläsartyp och version som används för att återge den sida där annonsen visas och operativsystemet samlas in för att fastställa vilken version av vår kod som skulle köras på korrekt sätt i den miljön, och för att korrekt mäta om annonsen hade möjlighet att bli synlig på skärmen enligt branschstandarder som varierar mellan olika miljöer.
Attribut för synlighet – placeringen av annonsen på sidan, annonsens storlek, skärmens storlek, visningsområdets storlek, status för flikfokus, status för webbläsarfokus, annonsens varaktighet i den synliga delen av webbsidan och webbsidans rullningsposition samlas in för att fastställa och rapportera till våra kunder huruvida annonsen hade möjlighet att bli synlig på skärmen.
Attribut för exponering- och engagemang – data samlas in som visar om annonsen klickades, sveptes, trycktes på eller vidrördes, storleksändrades, hoppades över, om ljudet stängdes av, pausades, roterades, hovrades över eller om volymen ändrades, för att hjälpa våra kunder mäta resultatet av annonsen, reklamkampanjen eller medieföretaget.
Kategorier av uppgifter som samlas in och används för att främja bedrägeribekämpning:
pseudonymiserade elektroniska närvaro- och enhetsidentifierare – dvs. IP-adress, användaragentsträng eller derivat av dessa två värden – används för att bedöma om närvaron online eller enheten är inblandade i eller förknippad med bedrägerier.
Kategorier av uppgifter som samlas in och används för att främja geoverifiering:
pseudonymiserade identifierare av elektronisk närvaro och enheter – IP-adress – samlas in för att fastställa den geografiska plats de relateras till. Varje IP-adress är relaterad till ett land och kan, inom USA, relateras till mer specifik information ner till postnummer. Din exakta geolokaliseringsinformation samlas aldrig in.
Under begränsade omständigheter kan en kund som arbetar som ett ”slutet nätverk” begära att DoubleVerify behandlar ytterligare personuppgifter för att möjliggöra dess lösningar. Sådana ytterligare personuppgifter kan gälla slutanvändare, till personer som skapar konton inom sådana ”slutna nätverk” eller personer som skapar innehåll som publiceras inom sådana ”slutna nätverk”. I den utsträckning DoubleVerify på begäran av en av dess kunder som verkar som ”slutna nätverk” behandlar ytterligare personuppgifter för att möjliggöra vissa lösningar ska DoubleVerify behandla sådana personuppgifter endast i syfte att uppfylla sina skyldigheter gentemot kunden och strikt i enlighet med kundens instruktioner i enlighet med vad som krävs för att driva, underhålla och, i förekommande fall, förbättra lösningarna. Vi arbetar omsorgsfullt med dessa kunder för att säkerställa att de personuppgifter som behandlas endast är begränsade till personuppgifter som är nödvändiga för att uppnå dessa syften. Under begränsade omständigheter kan vår interaktion med ”walled gardens” leda till oavsiktligt mottagande av personuppgifter. DoubleVerify arbetar flitigt med att övervaka sådana fall för att säkerställa att sådana personuppgifter inte behandlas efter mottagandet, förutom för att säkert rensa dem från våra system. Eftersom de specifika personuppgiftskategorierna i dessa scenarier är beroende av kundens anpassade integrering och beslut, och skiljer sig från kund till kund, rekommenderar vi att du kontaktar den enskilda kunden eller granskar integritetsdokumentationen som de gör tillgänglig på sina egendomar om du har ytterligare frågor.
Lösningarna är inte avsedda för eller riktade mot behandling av barns personuppgifter. Vi samlar inte medvetet in personuppgifter från barn i enlighet med hur sådana termer definieras av tillämpliga lagar emellanåt. Om du är förälder eller vårdnadshavare och tror att ditt barns personuppgifter eventuellt har behandlats genom lösningarna, ska du kontakta oss genom att använda informationen i avsnitt 13 ”
Hur du kontaktar DoubleVerify
” nedan, så kommer vi att vidta åtgärder för att säkert radera deras personuppgifter från våra system.
4. Hur använder vi uppgifter som vi samlar in?
DoubleVerify använder endast den tekniska information och de personuppgifter som samlas in för de syften som beskrivs i avsnitt 3, ”
Vilka uppgifter samlar vi in och för vilka syften?
”, i detta integritetsmeddelande för lösningar. I allmänhet behandlas den tekniska informationen och dina personuppgifter för att tillhandahålla rapportering, instrumentpaneler, feedback och insikter (”
rapportering
”) till våra kunder. DV-rapportering i alla format är anonymiserad och sammanställd, eller i den utsträckning det krävs information på annonsnivå, avidentifieras varje annonsvisning för att säkerställa att personuppgifter aldrig delas med kunder. Trots det föregående kan rapportering som skapats för kunder som agerar som ”slutna nätverk” (till exempel sociala medieföretag) och andra kunder som förlitar sig på sådan rapportering (till exempel företag som annonserar på sociala medier) omfatta information om individer som skapar konton inom sådana ”slutna nätverk” eller personer som skapar innehåll som publiceras i sådana ”slutna nätverk”. Detta avsnitt ger ytterligare inblick i hur den tekniska informationen och dina personuppgifter behandlas för att uppnå de affärssyften som anges i avsnitt 3 i detta integritetsmeddelande för lösningar.
DoubleVerify använder den tekniska information som samlas in genom lösningarna, enligt vad som anges i avsnitt 3.1, på följande sätt:
för att analysera och rapportera om sammanhanget där annonser visas, deras kvalitet, tillförlitlighet och resultat. Specifikt används information som belyser huruvida en annons som visas är i överensstämmelse med en kunds på förhand fastställda rättsliga krav och placeringskrav, samt inställningar som kunden har angett i vårt system.
Att ge insikter och föregripande beslut om möjligheter till annonsvisning. Tekniken från DoubleVerify analyserar dataegenskaperna för en möjlighet till annonsvisning och fastställer om kundens annons ska visas eller inte, till exempel genom att fastställa att det omgivande innehållet inte stämmer överens med kundens varumärke och inställningar.
För att främja bedrägeribekämpning använder DoubleVerify den tekniska informationen och personuppgifterna som samlas in genom lösningarna, enligt vad som anges i avsnitt 3.1 och 3.2, för att:
granska och identifiera specifika annonsvisningar som är bedrägliga på grund av att de genereras av robotstyrda, icke-mänskliga webbläsare.
Bedöma och identifiera ogiltig trafik, t.ex. trafik som genererats av annonsinjektorer, trafik som härrör från datacenter, trafik med förvrängda eller efterbildande annonser och andra typer av ogiltig trafik.
Analysera och identifiera webbplatser, appar för mobila och anslutna enheter och mediaegenskaper som har bedräglig trafik och/eller genererar bedrägliga annonsvisningar.
Identifiera trafikmönster på webbplatser som deltar i bedräglig annonsverksamhet.
Skilja mellan trafik som genereras av robotstyrda, icke-mänskliga webbläsare och mänskliga webbläsare.
Avgöra om de annonser som analyserats följer tillämpliga rättsliga krav och inställningar som angetts av våra kunder.
Avgöra om en mellanprogramvara försöker förvränga sina driftsegenskaper för att förhindra att bedrägeri eller annan ogiltig trafik identifieras.
Avgöra om webbplatstrafik eller annonsvisningar kommer från en servergrupp snarare än från mänskligt genererad webbaktivitet.
Avgöra om trafiken förvärvas genom bedrägliga metoder eller genom andra metoder för trafikförvärv som inte följer en kunds riktlinjer eller inställningar.
Skapa register över IP-adresser och användaragentsträngar förknippade med bedrägliga system och trafik som inte genererats av människor (”bedrägeritabeller”). Eftersom sådana datapunkter är förknippade med icke-mänskliga interaktioner, utgör de inte personuppgifter.
För att främja geoverifiering, använder DoubleVerify den tekniska informationen och personuppgifterna som samlas in genom lösningarna enligt vad som anges i avsnitt 3.3, för att:
bedöma på hög nivå (land, delstat, region eller, för invånare i USA, postnummer) slutanvändarens geografiska plats och kontrollera om slutanvändaren befinner sig inom kundens kampanj- eller trafikinställningar.
I den utsträckning att DoubleVerify på begäran av en av dess kunder som agerar som ”slutna nätverk” behandlar ytterligare personuppgifter för att möjliggöra vissa lösningar ska DoubleVerify behandla sådana personuppgifter endast i syfte att uppfylla sina skyldigheter gentemot kunden och strikt i enlighet med kundens instruktioner, såsom krävs för att driva, underhålla och, i förekommande fall, förbättra lösningarna. Om du har några frågor rekommenderar vi att du kontaktar den enskilda kunden eller granskar integritetsdokumentationen som de gör tillgänglig på sina egendomar.
5. Hur och till vem lämnar vi ut uppgifter?
DoubleVerify lämnar inte ut personuppgifter till tredje part, förutom om det är absolut nödvändigt för att utöva vår affärsverksamhet att driva, underhålla och förbättra våra lösningar. I den utsträckning vi frivilligt delar personuppgifter, säkerställer vi att de skyddas av mottagarna på ett sätt som överensstämmer med våra egna policyer och normer.
Vi delar eventuellt dina personuppgifter med:
tjänsteleverantörer – företag som vi har anlitat för att tillhandahålla oss tjänster som IT- och systemadministration, infrastruktur- och värdtjänster, forskning och analys, support och kvalitetssäkring, säkerhet och andra tjänster, för de ändamål och i enlighet med den rättsliga grund som beskrivs ovan. Du kan begära en lista över våra tjänsteleverantörer, vilka personuppgifter de får och för vilka ändamål genom att kontakta oss. Du hittar kontaktinformation i avsnitt 13 ”
Så här kontaktar du DoubleVerify
” i detta integritetsmeddelande för lösningar.
Närstående företag – såsom moderbolag, systerbolag, dotterbolag, samriskföretag eller andra företag under gemensam styrning, i den utsträckning som krävs för att driva, underhålla och förbättra våra lösningar. Du kan begära en lista över våra närstående företag, vilka personuppgifter de får och för vilka ändamål genom att kontakta oss. Du hittar kontaktinformation i avsnitt 13 ”
Så här kontaktar du DoubleVerify
” i detta integritetsmeddelande för lösningar.
Tredje parter som anlitas av våra kunder – för att stödja våra kunder, integrerar vi eventuellt våra lösningar med andra verktyg och tjänster som används av våra kunder för att leverera förbättrade tjänster och rapporteringsmöjligheter. Vi mottar under inga omständigheter uppgifter från dessa integrationer som gör det möjligt för DoubleVerify att utöka våra uppgifter och identifiera slutanvändare. Under begränsade omständigheter delar vi eventuellt information på annonsnivå med företag som våra kunder anlitar för att genomföra undersökningar om marknadsföringseffektivitet. Under begränsade omständigheter kan våra kunder instruera oss att dela vissa personuppgifter som krävs för att möjliggöra funktionalitet för en produkt eller tjänst som inte hanteras av DoubleVerify.
Tredje parter som är involverade i en bolagstransaktion – i händelse av att DoubleVerify förvärvas eller slås samman med ett annat företag, eller i händelse av en omorganisation, upplösning eller annan grundläggande bolagsförändring.
Vi kan enligt lag vara skyldiga att lämna ut dina personuppgifter:
(a) Om en myndighet, domstol, brottsbekämpande myndighet eller tillsynsmyndighet kräver sådant utlämnande (till exempel som en del av en pågående utredning, stämning, liknande rättslig process eller förfarande);
(b) när så krävs enligt någon tillämplig lag, förordning eller regel; och
(c) om vi i god tro anser att sådant utlämnande är nödvändigt för att skydda eller försvara våra eller andras rättigheter, för att bistå i en utredning eller för att förhindra olaglig verksamhet.
Bedrägeritabeller och andra rapporter om Bedrägeribekämpning, dataflöden, API:er och instrumentpaneler som inte innehåller personuppgifter, delas eventuellt med eller görs tillgängliga för kunder och andra tredje parter, inklusive till exempel branschorganisationer, om det är nödvändigt för att DoubleVerify ska kunna utföra sin affärsverksamhet att tillhandahålla, upprätthålla och förbättra andelen bedrägeribekämpning i våra lösningar och bekämpa annonsbedrägerier.
Vi delar inte dina personuppgifter med våra kunder. Alla rapporter och analyser som vi gör tillgängliga för kunder via vår rapporteringsportal är anonyma, vilket innebär att de inte innehåller personuppgifter. Rapporterna sammanställs i allmänhet, men under begränsade omständigheter tillhandahålls rapportering på annonsnivå till våra kunder via FTP-slutpunkter eller API:er, förutsatt att sådana rapporter inte innehåller några personuppgifter. Vi delar eventuellt teknisk information som är anonym i sammanställt eller obearbetat format med tredje parter som vi anser är nödvändiga för att utföra vår affärsverksamhet att tillhandahålla, upprätthålla och förbättra lösningarna. Dessutom delar vi eventuellt anonyma eller avidentifierade data i sammanställd form vid bedrivandet av normal affärsverksamhet, till exempel för att publicera fallstudier och rapporter för att visa trender om våra lösningars fördelar och resultat.
För att undvika tveksamheter lämnar DoubleVerify inte ut personuppgifter till enheter som fungerar som ett ”företag” eller en ”tredje part” enligt lagar som CCPA.
6. Hur länge behåller vi personuppgifter?
DoubleVerify behåller endast personuppgifter som behandlas genom dess lösningar så länge som det är nödvändigt för att verkställa de affärssyften som beskrivs i detta Integritetspolicy för lösningar, och under inga omständigheter längre än fyrtiofem (45) dagar. Vid utgången av denna period avlägsnas personuppgifterna på ett säkert sätt från DoubleVerifys system.
Bedrägeritabeller kan behållas på obestämd tid för att säkerställa korrekt funktionalitet i lösningen för bedrägeribekämpning.
Teknisk information kan, då den är anonym, behållas av DoubleVerify på obestämd tid eller så länge som det på annat sätt anges i DoubleVerifys policyer och tillåts enligt tillämpliga lagar och DoubleVerifys avtal med sina kunder.
7. Hur skyddas personuppgifter?
DoubleVerify har vidtagit lämpliga tekniska, fysiska och organisatoriska åtgärder som är utformade för att skydda personuppgifter mot oavsiktlig eller olaglig förstörelse eller oavsiktlig förlust, skada, ändring, obehörigt offentliggörande eller åtkomst, såväl som alla andra former av olaglig behandling. Även om vi följer allmänt accepterade normer och de bästa affärsmetoderna för att skydda personuppgifter, är ingen metod för lagring eller överföring 100 % säker. Vi arbetar dock ständigt med att förbättra våra skyddsåtgärder och hålla dina personuppgifter säkra.
8. Hur överförs personuppgifter internationellt?
Observera att de personuppgifter vi samlar in kan överföras till och underhållas på servrar eller databaser utanför din delstat, provins, land eller annan jurisdiktion. Även om dina personuppgifter kan överföras via ett lokalt tillfälligt datacenter för att säkerställa att lösningarna är effektiva och responsiva, så lagrar DoubleVerify slutligen alla personuppgifter som samlas in genom lösningarna i USA. Som globalt företag har vi kontor i USA, Storbritannien, Frankrike, Belgien, Finland, Tyskland, Israel, Kanada, Mexiko, Brasilien, Japan, Indien, Singapore och Australien. Våra anställda på dessa platser kan behöva tillgång till dina personuppgifter för att stödja våra lösningar. Den nivå av dataskydd som finns på vissa av dessa platser, såsom USA, kan vara lägre än den som finns i EU eller andra jurisdiktioner som har antagit stränga lagar och förordningar om integritet.
Vi vidtar åtgärder för att säkerställa att dina personuppgifter lagras på ett säkert sätt hos oss, och uppfyller lagstadgade sekretess- och säkerhetskrav som åläggs företag inom EU. Vi säkerställer också att alla andra mottagare av dina personuppgifter erbjuder en adekvat skyddsnivå och säkerhet, till exempel genom att ingå lämpliga ”back-to-back”-avtal och, om så krävs, standardavtalsklausuler eller en alternativ mekanism för överföring av data som godkänts av Europeiska kommissionen eller annan tillämplig tillsynsmyndighet. DoubleVerifys integritetsrutiner, som beskrivs i detta Integritetsmeddelande, överensstämmer med APEC:s system för gränsöverskridande sekretessregler (Cross Border Privacy Rules, CBPR) och Integritetserkännande för personuppgiftsbiträden (Privacy Recognition for Processors, PRP). APEC:s CBPR-system och APEC:s PRP-system tillhandahåller ramverk för organisationer för att säkerställa skydd av personuppgifter som överförs mellan deltagande APEC-ekonomier. Mer information om APEC-ramverken finns här och
här
. Om du har några frågor om var vi lagrar personuppgifter, kan du kontakta oss enligt beskrivningen i avsnitt 13 ”
Hur du kontaktar DoubleVerify
” i detta globala integritetsmeddelande.
DoubleVerify Inc., och dess dotterbolag Outrigger Media, Inc. d/b/a OpenSlate, Scibids Technology Inc., Zentrick Inc. (”DoubleVerify”), uppfyller dessutom kraven i ramverk för datasekretess som slutits mellan EU och USA (EU–USA DPF), Storbritanniens utvidgning till EU-USA DPF och ramverk för datasekretess som slutits mellan Schweiz och USA (Schweiz-USA DPF) enligt det amerikanska handelsdepartementet. DoubleVerify har intygat till det amerikanska handelsdepartementet att det följer ramprinciper för datasekretess som slutits mellan EU och USA (EU–USA DPF-principer) med avseende på behandling av personuppgifter som mottagits från Europeiska unionen med stöd av EU-USA. DPF och från Storbritannien (och Gibraltar) under Storbritanniens förlängning till EU-USA DPF. DoubleVerify har intygat till det amerikanska handelsdepartementet att det följer principer för ramverk för datasekretess som slutits mellan Schweiz och USA (Schweiz-USA DPF-principer) med avseende på behandling av personuppgifter som mottagits från Schweiz i förlitan på Schweiz-USA DPF.  Om det föreligger någon konflikt mellan villkoren i denna integritetspolicy och EU-USA DPF-principer och/eller Schweiz-USA DPF-principerna ska principerna gälla.  För mer information om programmet Data Privacy Framework (DPF), och för att se vår certifiering, besök https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/.
DoubleVerify ansvarar för behandlingen av personuppgifter som de mottar, enligt DPF, och därefter överför till en tredje part som agerar som ombud för dess räkning.  DoubleVerify följer DPF-principerna för alla vidareöverföringar av personuppgifter från EU, Storbritannien och Schweiz, inklusive bestämmelserna om vidareöverföringsansvar.
Federal Trade Commission har jurisdiktion över DoubleVerifys efterlevnad av EU-USA. DPF, Storbritanniens utvidgning till EU-USA DPF och Schweiz-USA DPF. I vissa situationer kan DoubleVerify behöva lämna ut personuppgifter som svar på lagliga förfrågningar från offentliga myndigheter, inklusive för att uppfylla nationella säkerhets- eller brottsbekämpningskrav.
I enlighet med EU-USA DPF, Storbritanniens utvidgning till EU-USA DPF och Schweiz-USA DPF, åtar sig DoubleVerify att hänvisa olösta klagomål om vår hantering av personuppgifter som mottagits i förlitan på EU-USA. DPF, Storbritanniens utvidgning till EU-USA DPF och Schweiz-USA DPF till TRUSTe, till en alternativ tvistlösningsleverantör baserad i USA.  Om du inte får bekräftelse på ditt DPF-principer-relaterade klagomål från oss i tid, eller om vi inte har tagit itu med ditt DPF-principer-relaterade klagomål till din belåtenhet, besök https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request för mer information eller för att lämna in ett klagomål.  Dessa tvistlösningstjänster tillhandahålls utan kostnad för dig.
För klagomål om DPF-efterlevnad som inte löses av någon av de andra DPF-mekanismerna har du möjlighet att, under vissa omständigheter, åberopa bindande skiljedomsförfarande. Mer information finns på DPF:s officiella webbplats.
9. Vilka är dina rättigheter?
Slutanvändare i vissa jurisdiktioner kan ha rättigheter för registrerade personer som möjliggör för dem att göra begäranden som är relaterade till deras personuppgifter. De flesta jurisdiktioner ger också slutanvändare rätt att bli informerade om hur personuppgifter samlas in, används och till vem de kan ha delats eller lämnats ut, samt för vilka ändamål. DoubleVerifys integritetsmeddelande för lösningar är avsett att uppfylla sådana begäranden, men om du har ytterligare frågor eller bättre vill förstå hur dina personuppgifter kan ha samlats in, använts eller till vem de kan ha delats eller lämnats ut och varför, ska du kontakta oss genom att använda avsnitt 13 ”
Hur du kontaktar DoubleVerify
” nedan.
Invånare i bland annat Europeiska ekonomiska samarbetsområdet, Storbritannien, Schweiz eller Kalifornien har flera rättigheter enligt tillämpliga sekretesslagar och förordningar, såsom enligt GDPR och CCPA. För att utöva dessa rättigheter kan du använda
detta formulär
eller kontakta oss genom att använda avsnitt 13 ”
Så här kontaktar du DoubleVerify
” nedan. I enlighet med vissa lagar och förordningar, t.ex. CCPA, kan du också utse ett auktoriserat ombud för att lämna in en begäran eller utöva en rättighet å dina vägnar. Vi kommer inte att diskriminera dig eller utsätta dig för repressalier för att du utövar dina rättigheter.
Dessa rättigheter är:
rätten att få tillgång till personuppgifter som vi kan inneha om dig, inklusive information om kategorierna av och specifika personuppgifter.
Rätten att korrigera eventuella felaktiga personuppgifter som vi eventuellt innehar om dig. Kom ihåg att det med anledning av typen av personuppgifter vi samlar in och metoden för vår insamling, är högst osannolikt att vi lagrar personuppgifter som är felaktiga eller som skulle uppfylla de omständigheter som krävs för korrigering.
Rätten att begära att DoubleVerify raderar alla personuppgifter som vi eventuellt innehar om dig.
Rätten att begära att behandlingen av dina personuppgifter avbryts eller begränsas under en viss tid, till exempel medan du bedömer om du har andra rättigheter som du vill utöva.
I den utsträckning dina personuppgifter behandlas baserat på ett berättigat intresse, har du rätt att invända mot sådan behandling.
I den utsträckning dina personuppgifter behandlas baserat på ditt samtycke, att återkalla sådant samtycke via IAB Europes ramverk Transparency & Consent Framework .
Vi fullgör i största möjliga utsträckning alla begäranden relaterade till en slutanvändare, förutsatt att vi kan koppla samman slutanvändaren med de personuppgifter vi innehar i våra system. Under vissa omständigheter kan vi dock behöva verifiera din identitet för att uppfylla en begäran. För att verifiera din identitet eller förstå omfattningen av din begäran, kan vi behöva begära ytterligare information om dig. Du behöver inte skapa ett konto hos oss för att skicka in en begäran eller få den uppfylld. Du måste ange en e-postadress, så att vi kan kommunicera med dig och gå din begäran till mötes, samt all information som vi kan behöva för att kunna verifiera om vi innehar några personuppgifter om dig. Tänk på att det kan finnas omständigheter som gör att vi inte kan uppfylla din begäran, men om vi inte kan uppfylla din begäran, så kommer vi att förklara varför. I den utsträckning vi inte innehar några personuppgifter om dig, kommer vi att meddela dig om detta. Vi gör vårt bästa för att svara på alla förfrågningar och begäranden så snart som möjligt, men det kan ta upp till trettio (30) dagar för oss att svara.
I den utsträckning som DoubleVerify fungerar som ett ”personuppgiftsbiträde” eller ”tjänsteleverantör”, enligt definitionen i tillämplig lag, kan du behöva rikta dina förfrågningar till den relevanta kunden som fungerar som ”personuppgiftsansvarig” eller ”företag” för att utöva dina rättigheter.
10. Ytterligare upplysningar
Vissa sekretesslagar och -förordningar, såsom CCPA, kräver att företag offentliggör huruvida de säljer personuppgifter eller inte. DoubleVerify lämnar inte ut personuppgifter på ett sätt som skulle utgöra en ”försäljning” enligt lagarna i Kalifornien och Nevada eller liknande lagar.
11. Använder DoubleVerify artificiell intelligens?
DoubleVerify använder artificiell intelligens (”AI”) i olika kapaciteter och sätt i hela organisationen. Även om DoubleVerify använder AI-teknik ägnar vi oss inte åt ”automatiserat beslutsfattande” enligt definitionen i tillämpliga integritetslagar och -förordningar.
12. Reglerande lag
I den utsträckning det är tillämpligt enligt gällande lagar och bestämmelser, regleras detta integritetsmeddelande för lösningar av och tolkas i enlighet med de inhemska lagarna i delstaten Delaware, och jurisdiktion och eventuella tvister kommer att lösas i Delaware.
13. Uppdaterar vi detta integritetsmeddelande för lösningar?
Vi kan uppdatera detta integritetsmeddelande för lösningar från tid till annan för att återspegla ändringar i våra lösningar, rutiner, policyer eller andra interna eller externa ändringar, såväl som för att uppfylla nya rättsliga krav. Alla ändringar kommer att publiceras så snart de träder i kraft. Om vi gör uppdateringar kommer vi att uppdatera det ”ikraftträdandedatum” som anges högst upp i detta integritetsmeddelande för lösningar för att ge dig kännedom om när ändringarna gjordes. För att hålla dig informerad om sådana uppdateringar, ber vi dig att regelbundet gå tillbaka till detta integritetsmeddelande för lösningar.  Observera att varje översättning av detta integritetsmeddelande för lösningar endast är avsedd att underlätta din åtkomst till denna information. Den engelska versionen är den enda officiella versionen av detta integritetsmeddelande för lösningar, och alla översättningsfel eller avvikelser är inte bindande och har ingen rättslig verkan för efterlevnads- eller verkställighetssyften.
14. Hur man kontaktar DoubleVerify
Om du har några frågor, funderingar eller kommentarer om detta integritetsmeddelande för lösningar, eller om du tror att dina personuppgifter har använts på ett sätt som strider mot integritetsmeddelandet eller dina val, kan du kontakta vårt integritetsteam på:
Integritetsombud/Dataskyddsansvarigs (integritetsteam) kontaktinformation
DoubleVerify Inc.
462 Broadway
New York, NY 10013
privacy-policy@doubleverify.com
Om du har ett olöst problem rörande integritet eller dataanvändning som vi inte har åtgärdat på ett tillfredsställande sätt, ska du kontakta vårt tredjeparts tvistlösningsorgan (kostnadsfritt) i USA på
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
. Vi åtar oss att uppnå en rättvis lösning på alla klagomål eller problem som du kan ha om din integritet eller detta integritetsmeddelande för lösningar. Men om du anser att vi inte har kunnat hjälpa dig, finns det inget i detta integritetsmeddelande för lösningar som begränsar eller försöker begränsa dina rättigheter enligt gällande lagar, inklusive din möjlighet, beroende på vilket land du bor i, att lämna in ett klagomål till din lokala dataskyddsmyndighet eller annan myndighet med jurisdiktion över integritetsrelaterade frågor.
Effective Date: June 28, 2024
Overview
DoubleVerify Inc., along with its global subsidiaries, (collectively “
DoubleVerify
”, “
we
”, “
us
” or “
our
”) is the industry leader in providing transparency and accountability in online advertising. This privacy notice (the “
Reporting Tools
Privacy Notice
”) explains who we are, how we collect, use and share personal information through our reporting tools and dashboards (together “
Reporting Tool(s)”
), as well as how you can exercise your privacy rights.
If you want more information about how DoubleVerify processes Personal Information collected on our technology and solutions (the “
Solutions
”), please visit our
Solutions Privacy Notice
.
If you want more information about how DoubleVerify processes Personal Information collected on our publicly facing websites, sales and marketing activities, please visit our
Websites & Marketing Privacy Notice
.
Quick Links
We recommend that you read this Reporting Tools Privacy Notice in its entirety to ensure you are fully informed. However, to make it easier for you to find and review specific parts of this Reporting Tools Privacy Notice, we have divided it up into the following sections:
Who is DoubleVerify?
What Personal Information does DoubleVerify process and what is the legal basis of processing?
How do we use the Personal Information we collect?
How and to whom do we disclose Personal Information?
How long do we keep Personal Information?
How is Personal Information secured?
How is Personal Information transferred internationally?
What are your rights?
Additional disclosures
Does DoubleVerify use cookies?
Does DoubleVerify use Artificial Intelligence?
Governing law
Do we update this Reporting Tools Privacy Notice?
How can you contact DoubleVerify?
1. Who is DoubleVerify?
DoubleVerify is the industry leader in providing transparency and accountability in online advertising. Our Solutions provide independent, digital media measurement, data and analytics about ad impression delivery and website traffic to advertisers, agencies and advertising inventory sellers (together “
Customers
”).
As used in this Reporting Tools Privacy Notice, “Personal Information” means information that relates to an identified individual or to an identifiable individual. We believe in providing strong privacy protections to any individual whose information we may process in any capacity – because we believe privacy is a fundamental right, not something that should depend on where you may live. To live up to that principle, we treat any data that relates or is linked to an identified or identifiable individual as “Personal Information” regardless of that individual’s location.
The purpose of this Reporting Tools Privacy Notice is to inform you of DoubleVerify’s privacy practices, particularly our approach to the use, collection, and sharing of your Personal Information processed via our Reporting Tools, as well as your privacy rights and how to exercise them. DoubleVerify operates the functions contemplated and covered by the Reporting Tools Privacy Notice as a “controller” or a “business”, as relevant from time to time under applicable laws.
2. What Personal Information does DoubleVerify process and what is the legal basis of processing?
The following chart provides an outline of the categories of Personal Information we process, including examples of what data points are included in each category, as well as the applicable purposes and legal basis of processing. Please note that often the same Personal Information is collected and processed for multiple purposes.
Category of Personal Information
Examples of data points
Purposes and Legal Basis of Processing
Contact and Account Information
This information could include business contact information such as first and last name, email address, position and title, company information, phone number, business address, as well as credentials, such as user information and password, for our Reporting Tools.
Account Information is necessary to enable Customers and their designated representatives to access our Reporting Tools and for DoubleVerify to operate the Reporting Tools, comply with our contractual and legal obligations, provide Customer support and effectively manage its standard business operations, such as providing billing and invoices to our Customers. In these scenarios, Account Information is generally shared directly by you or by our Customers in the course of their business relationship with DoubleVerify. Our lawful basis to process this Personal Information is our obligation to fulfill requirements mandated in our contracts to provide our Solutions, our legitimate interest in supporting our daily business processes and operations and, in limited scenarios, your consent.
Cookie Data (First and Third Party tracking)
This information could include cookie IDs, Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser and device information, general location information and account log-in information.
Cookie Data may be necessary to enable our Reporting tools to operate efficiently, understand and improve your experience, ensure we remain compliant with local laws and regulations and protect ourselves against fraud, illegal activity and security risks, improve our Reporting Tools and ensure we are able to effectively monitor activity on our Reporting Tools. Additionally, Cookie Data may be necessary to improve the features, quality and performance of our Reporting Tools. Our lawful basis for this type of processing of Cookie related information is based on our legitimate interest to pursue these goals and, where applicable, your consent.
For more information about how DoubleVerify uses cookies please refer to the
Reporting Tools Cookie Notice
.
Email Performance Information
This information could include data about your interaction with an email you may have received from us, including, for example whether you clicked on a link or opened the email.
Email Performance Information may be collected to analyze and understand how you interact with our communications to report and improve our communications intended to promote our Solutions. Our lawful basis for this type of processing of Email Performance Information related information is based on our legitimate interest to pursue these goals. It’s important to note that while this information is associated with the individual user, DoubleVerify’s use of Email Performance Information is generally limited to aggregated and anonymous inferences drawn from the data collected.
Reporting Tools Interaction Data
This information could include general usage information about how you use and interact with our Reporting Tools, your click activity and most used features, the types of reports created and the general performance of the Reporting Tools during a use session, as well as any feedback you may provide about the Reporting Tools.
Reporting Tools Interaction Data may be necessary to help us understand how you interact with our Reporting Tools, to improve their performance, prevent fraud, illegal activity or security risks and ensure we are able to effectively monitor activity on our Reporting Tools. Our lawful basis for this type of processing of Reporting Tools Interaction Information related information is based on our legitimate interest to pursue these goals. It’s important to note that while this information is associated with the individual user, DoubleVerify’s use of Reporting Tools Interaction Data is generally limited to aggregated and anonymous inferences drawn from the data collected.
Web Logs
This information could include information about your browser type, operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address, click-activity and date/time stamps of your use.
Web Logs may be necessary to help us monitor out networks and Reporting Tools, including to prevent fraud, illegal activity and security risks, improve our Reporting Tools and ensure we are able to effectively monitor activity on our Reporting Tools. Our lawful basis for this type of processing of Web Logs related information is based on our legitimate interest to pursue these goals. It’s important to note that while this information is associated with the individual user, DoubleVerify’s use of Web Logs is generally limited to aggregated and anonymous inferences drawn from the data collected.
In addition to the information outlined above, we may also develop inferences drawn from the Personal Information we collect about you and we may collect or receive information about you from other sources such as the Customer you are associated with.
3. How do we use the Personal Information we collect?
In addition to the uses outlined in Section 2, “
What Personal Information does DoubleVerify process and what is the legal basis of processing?
”, DoubleVerify may use your Personal Information and any inferences drawn from such Personal Information in the following ways:
To recognize you when you visit or use our Reporting Tools;
To enable you to use our Reporting Tools as intended;
To improve our Websites, Sales Activities, Solutions and Reporting Tools;
To promote the security of our Solutions, Websites, Sales Activities and Reporting Tools, including by monitoring usage for patterns and abnormalities;
To conduct analysis;
To improve and optimize the performance and quality of our Reporting Tools;
To respond to inquiries from individuals, third parties and government entities;
To enable us to fulfill contractual requirements provided for in our Customer agreements;
For internal administrative purposes; and
And otherwise required by applicable laws and regulations.
4. How and to whom do we disclose Personal Information?
DoubleVerify does not disclose Personal Information to third parties, except as strictly necessary for our business purposes to operate, support, maintain and improve our Reporting Tools. To the extent we voluntarily share any Personal Information, we ensure it is protected by the recipients in a manner consistent with our own policies and standards.
We may share your Personal Information with:
Service Providers – companies we have contracted to provide us services such as IT and system administration, infrastructure and hosting services, research and analytics, support and quality assurance, security and other services, for the purposes and pursuant to the legal basis described above. You can request a list of our Service Providers, what Personal Information they receive and for what purposes by contacting us. You can find our contact information in Section 14 “
How to Contact DoubleVerify
” of this Reporting Tools Privacy Notice.
Affiliates – such as a parent company, sister companies, subsidiaries, joint ventures or other companies under common control, to the extent necessary to operate, maintain and improve our Solutions. You can request a list of our Affiliates, what Personal Information they receive and for what purposes by contacting us. You can find our contact information in Section 14 “
How to Contact DoubleVerify
” of this Reporting Tools Privacy Notice.
Third Parties involved in a Corporate Transaction – in the event that DoubleVerify is acquired or merged with another company, or in the event of a reorganization, dissolution or other fundamental corporate change.
Additional disclosures to Third Parties – we may be able to share your Personal Information with other third parties based on your consent, or, in limited circumstances without your consent, for example, to the extent we are legally required to share such Personal Information as further described in this Section or in order to establish or exercise our rights, to defend against a legal claim, to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding possible illegal activities, suspected fraud, safety of person or property, or a violation of our policies.
We may be legally required to disclose your Personal Information:
(a) If a government entity, tribunal, law enforcement or regulatory agency requires such disclosure (for example as part of an ongoing investigation, subpoena, similar legal process or proceeding);
(b) As otherwise required under any applicable law, regulation, or rule; and
(c) If we believe, in good faith, that such disclosure is necessary to protect or defend our rights or the rights of others, to assist in an investigation or to prevent illegal activity.
For the avoidance of doubt, DoubleVerify does not make disclosures of Personal Information to entities that operate as a “business” or a “third party” under laws such as the CCPA.
5. How long do we keep Personal Information??
We will retain your Personal Information for the period necessary to fulfill the applicable purpose outlined in this Reporting Tools Privacy Notice. After the Personal Information is no longer necessary or after any retention requirements provided for by applicable laws expire, the corresponding Personal Information is securely deleted.
6. How is Personal Information secured?
DoubleVerify has implemented appropriate technical, physical and organizational measures designed to protect Personal Information against accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, damage, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, as well as all other forms of unlawful processing. While we follow generally accepted standards and best practices to protect Personal Information, no method of storage or transmission is 100% secure. However, we are constantly working to improve our safeguards and keep your Personal Information secure.
7. How is Personal Information transferred internationally?
Please be aware that the Personal Information we collect may be transferred to and maintained on servers or databases located outside your state, province, country, or other jurisdiction. While some of your Personal Information may be temporarily stored or cached in a storage facility closer to you, to ensure our Reporting Tools are efficient and responsive, DoubleVerify generally stores all Personal Information collected through our Reporting Tools in the United States. As a global company, we have office locations in many countries, including in the United States, the United Kingdom, the UAE, France, Belgium, Finland, Germany, Israel, Canada, Mexico, Brazil, Japan, India, Singapore and Australia. Our employees at these locations may be required to access your Personal Information to support our operations. The level of data protection established in some of these locations, such as the United States, may be lower than the one established in the European Union or other jurisdictions that have enacted strong privacy laws and regulations. We take measures to ensure that your Personal Information is stored safely with us, meeting regulatory privacy and security requirements imposed on European Union businesses. We also ensure that any other recipient of your Personal Information offers an adequate level of protection and security, for instance by entering into the appropriate back-to-back agreements and, if required, standard contractual clauses or an alternative mechanism for the transfer of data as approved by the European Commission or other applicable regulator.
We take measures to ensure that your Personal Information is stored safely with us, meeting regulatory privacy and security requirements imposed on European Union businesses. We also ensure that any other recipient of your Personal Information offers an adequate level of protection and security, for instance, by entering into the appropriate back-to-back agreements and, if required, standard contractual clauses or an alternative mechanism for the transfer of data as approved by the European Commission or other applicable regulator. DoubleVerify’s privacy practices, described in this Reporting Tools Privacy Notice, comply with the APEC Cross Border Privacy Rules (CBPR) System and the Privacy Recognition for Processors (PRP) system. The APEC CBPR system and the APEC PRP system provide frameworks for organizations to ensure protection of personal information transferred among participating APEC economies. More information about the APEC frameworks can be found
here
. If you have any questions about where we store Personal Information you can contact us as outlined in Section 13 “
How to Contact DoubleVerify
” of this Reporting Tools Privacy Notice.
In addition, DoubleVerify Inc., and its subsidiaries Outrigger Media, Inc. d/b/a OpenSlate, Scibids Technology Inc., Zentrick Inc. (“DoubleVerify”), complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. DoubleVerify has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) under the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. DoubleVerify has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/.
DoubleVerify is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under the DPF, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. DoubleVerify complies with the DPF Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU, UK, and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over DoubleVerify’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. In certain situations, DoubleVerify may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, DoubleVerify commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request for more information or to file a complaint.  These dispute resolution services are provided at no cost to you.
For complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website.
8. What are your rights?
Individuals in certain jurisdictions may have data subject rights enabling them to make requests related to their Personal Information. Most jurisdictions also provide individuals with the right to be informed of how any Personal Information is collected, used and with whom it may have been shared or disclosed, as well as for what purposes. DoubleVerify’s Reporting Tools Privacy Notice is intended to meet any such requirements, but if you have any additional questions or would like to better understand how your Personal Information may have been collected, used or with whom it may have been shared or disclosed, and why, please contact us by using Section 14 “
How to Contact DoubleVerify
” below.
Residents of the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, Switzerland or California, among others, have several rights under the applicable privacy laws and regulations, such as the General Data Protection Regulation (“
GDPR
”) and the California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”). To exercise these rights, you can use
this Form
or contact us using Section 14 “
How to Contact DoubleVerify
” below. In addition, if you are a California resident, you may contact us to enforce certain privacy rights using this toll-free number: 1-833-260-2090.  In accordance with certain laws and regulations, such as the CCPA, you may also designate an authorized agent to submit a request or exercise a right on your behalf. We will not discriminate or retaliate against you for exercising your rights.
These rights are:
a) The right to access to any Personal Information we may hold about the you, including information about the categories and the specific pieces of Personal Information.
b) The right to correct any inaccurate Personal Information we may hold about you.
c) The right to request that DoubleVerify delete any Personal Information we may hold about you.
d) Under certain circumstances and to the extent technically feasible, the right to request that we provide your Personal Information directly to another (i.e., a right to data portability). Keep in mind that you can share your Personal Information with anyone you wish to share it with
e) The right to request that the processing of Personal Information about you be suspended or restricted for a period of time, for example while you assess whether you have other rights you would want to exercise.
f) To the extent your Personal Information is processed based on a legitimate interest, you have a right to object to such processing.
g) To the extent your Personal Information is processed based on your consent, you have a right to withdraw that consent at any time.
To the fullest extent possible, we fulfill any request submitted by an individual provided we can match the you to Personal Information we hold on our systems. However, in certain circumstances we may be required to verify your identity to fulfill a request. To verify your identity or understand the scope of your request we may need to request additional information about you. You will not be required to create an account with us to submit a request or have it fulfilled. You will need to provide an email address so we can communicate with you and support your request, as well as any information we may need to allow us to verify whether we hold any Personal Information about you. Please be aware that circumstances may exist that will render us unable to fulfill your request, but if we are unable to fulfill your request we will explain why. To the extent we do not hold any Personal Information about you we will let you know. We make best efforts to respond to all inquiries and requests as soon as reasonably possible, but please allow up to thirty (30) days for us to respond.
9. ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES
Certain privacy laws and regulations, such as the CCPA, require businesses to disclose whether they “sell” or “share” Personal Information as defined by the law. DoubleVerify does not disclose Personal Information in a way that would constitute a “sale” or “sharing” under California, Virginia, Nevada or similar laws.
10. Does DoubleVerify use cookies?
Like many other companies, we use cookies, pixels and software development kits (SDKs) to learn and remember things about you, to improve your experience and our Websites, Sales Activities and Reporting Tools. For more information about our use of cookie and similar technologies please visit the
Reporting Tools Cookie Notice
.
11. Does DoubleVerify use Artificial Intelligence?
DoubleVerify uses Artificial Intelligence (“AI”) in various capacities and ways throughout the organization. While DoubleVerify makes use of AI technologies, we do not engage in “automated decision making” as defined by applicable privacy laws and regulations.
12. Governing law
To the extent applicable and permitted by applicable laws and regulations, this Reporting Tools Privacy Notice is governed by and interpreted in accordance with the internal laws of the state of Delaware, and jurisdiction and venue for any dispute will be in Delaware.
13. Do we update this Reporting Tools Privacy Notice?
We may update this Reporting Tools Privacy Notice from time to time to reflect changes in our practices, policies or other internal or external changes, as well as to comply with new legal requirements. Any changes will be posted as soon as they go ingo effect. If we make updates, we will update the “effective date” listed at the top to help you understand when changes were made. To stay informed of any such updates, we encourage you to refer back to this Reporting Tools Privacy Notice regularly.  Please note that any translation of this Reporting Tools Privacy Notice is intended solely to facilitate your access to this information. The English version is the only official version of this Reporting Tools Privacy Notice and any translation inaccuracies or discrepancies are not binding and have no legal effect for compliance or enforcement purposes.
14. How can you contact DoubleVerify?
If you have any questions, concerns or comments about this Reporting Tools Privacy Notice, or you believe your personal information has been used in a way that is not consistent with the Reporting Tools Privacy Notice or your choices, you can contact our Privacy Team, via postal mail or email, at:
Privacy Officer / Data Protection Officer (Privacy Team) Contact Information
DoubleVerify Inc.
462 Broadway
New York, NY 10013
privacy-policy@doubleverify.com
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.- based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
. We are committed to achieving a fair resolution of any complaint or concern you may have about your privacy or this Reporting Tools Privacy Notice. However, if you believe we have not been able to assist you, nothing in this Reporting Tools Privacy Notice limits or attempts to limit your rights under applicable laws, including your ability, depending on your country of residence, to file a complaint with your local Data Protection Authority or other agency with jurisdiction over privacy related matters.
Let's Talk
Partnership starts with a conversation. Whether you have a question about our services, or would like to get a demo of our platform, we're happy to connect.
We're Always Here for You!
If you need help on an existing campaign, please email
partnersupport@doubleverify.com
or
advertisersupport@doubleverify.com
.
For all other inquiries, please complete the form below.
First Name
First Name
Last Name
Last Name
Email Address
Email Address
Job Title
Job Title
Job Level
Job Level
C-Suite
VP/SVP/Department Head
Director
Manager
Specialist
Analyst
Coordinator
Consultant
Job Level
Company Type
Company Type
Ad Exchange
Advertiser
Agency
DSP
Press/Media Outlet
Publisher
Publisher Network
Trading Desk
Company Type
Job Role
Job Role
IT/Engineering
Sales
Human Resources
Other
Finance
Procurement
Media Buying/Planning
Marketing
Business Intelligence/Data/Analytics
Brand Safety
Ad Operations
Job Role
Company Name
Company Name
Country
United States
Albania
Argentina
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bangladesh
Belarus
Belgium
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Brazil
Bulgaria
Canada
Chile
China
Colombia
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Estonia
Finland
France
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Greece
Guatemala
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kosovo
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macedonia
Malaysia
Malta
Mexico
Moldova
Monaco
Myanmar
Nepal
Netherlands
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Nigeria
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Romania
Russian Federation
Saudi Arabia
Serbia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
Uruguay
Venezuela
Vietnam
United States
Us States
State
AK
AL
AR
AZ
CA
CO
CT
DE
FL
GA
HI
IA
ID
IL
IN
KS
KY
LA
MA
MD
ME
MI
MN
MO
MS
MT
NC
ND
NE
NH
NJ
NM
NV
NY
OH
OK
OR
PA
RI
SC
SD
TN
TX
UT
VA
VT
WA
WI
WV
WY
State
German City
Nearest City
Augsburg
Berlin
Bielefeld
Cologne (Köln)
Düsseldorf
Frankfurt am Main
Hamburg
Munich (München)
Nuremberg (Nürnberg)
Stuttgart
Nearest City
California City
Nearest City
Los Angeles
Oakland
Sacramento
San Francisco
San Jose
San Diego
Santa Barbara
Nearest City
Texas City
Nearest City
Austin
Dallas
Houston
San Antonio
Nearest City
Florida City
Nearest City
Ft. Lauderdale
Jacksonville
Miami
Orlando
Tampa
Nearest City
Annual Spend
Annual Digital Media Spend
Less than $1,000,000
$1,000,000 - $50,000,000
Greater than $50,000,000
Annual Digital Media Spend
How can we help you?
Message
You consent to our processing of your personal data for purposes of maintaining you in our databases as someone who is potentially interested in our products and services
Get in touch
Δ
Please provide your business details to download our PDF
First Name
First Name
Last Name
Last Name
Email Address
Email Address
Job Title
Job Title
Job Level
Job Level
C-Suite
VP/SVP/Department Head
Director
Manager
Specialist
Analyst
Coordinator
Consultant
Job Level
Company Type
Company Type
Ad Exchange
Advertiser
Agency
DSP
Press/Media Outlet
Publisher
Publisher Network
Trading Desk
Company Type
Job Role
Job Role
IT/Engineering
Sales
Human Resources
Other
Finance
Procurement
Media Buying/Planning
Marketing
Business Intelligence/Data/Analytics
Brand Safety
Ad Operations
Job Role
Company Name
Company Name
Country
United States
Albania
Argentina
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bangladesh
Belarus
Belgium
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Brazil
Bulgaria
Canada
Chile
China
Colombia
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Estonia
Finland
France
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Greece
Guatemala
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kosovo
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macedonia
Malaysia
Malta
Mexico
Moldova
Monaco
Myanmar
Nepal
Netherlands
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Nigeria
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Romania
Russian Federation
Saudi Arabia
Serbia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
Uruguay
Venezuela
Vietnam
United States
Us States
State
AK
AL
AR
AZ
CA
CO
CT
DE
FL
GA
HI
IA
ID
IL
IN
KS
KY
LA
MA
MD
ME
MI
MN
MO
MS
MT
NC
ND
NE
NH
NJ
NM
NV
NY
OH
OK
OR
PA
RI
SC
SD
TN
TX
UT
VA
VT
WA
WI
WV
WY
State
German City
Nearest City
Augsburg
Berlin
Bielefeld
Cologne (Köln)
Düsseldorf
Frankfurt am Main
Hamburg
Munich (München)
Nuremberg (Nürnberg)
Stuttgart
Nearest City
California City
Nearest City
Los Angeles
Oakland
Sacramento
San Francisco
San Jose
San Diego
Santa Barbara
Nearest City
Texas City
Nearest City
Austin
Dallas
Houston
San Antonio
Nearest City
Florida City
Nearest City
Ft. Lauderdale
Jacksonville
Miami
Orlando
Tampa
Nearest City
Annual Spend
Annual Digital Media Spend
Less than $1,000,000
$1,000,000 - $50,000,000
Greater than $50,000,000
Annual Digital Media Spend
You consent to our processing of your personal data for purposes of maintaining you in our databases as someone who is potentially interested in our products and services
(required)
DOWNLOAD NOW
Δ
We're Always Here for You!
If you need help on an existing campaign, please email
partnersupport@doubleverify.com
or
advertisersupport@doubleverify.com
.
For all other inquiries, please complete the form below.
First Name
First Name
Last Name
Last Name
Email Address
Email Address
Job Title
Job Title
Job Level
Job Level
C-Suite
VP/SVP/Department Head
Director
Manager
Specialist
Analyst
Coordinator
Consultant
Job Level
Company Type
Company Type
Ad Exchange
Advertiser
Agency
DSP
Press/Media Outlet
Publisher
Publisher Network
Trading Desk
Company Type
Job Role
Job Role
IT/Engineering
Sales
Human Resources
Other
Finance
Procurement
Media Buying/Planning
Marketing
Business Intelligence/Data/Analytics
Brand Safety
Ad Operations
Job Role
Company Name
Company Name
Country
United States
Albania
Argentina
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bangladesh
Belarus
Belgium
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Brazil
Bulgaria
Canada
Chile
China
Colombia
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Estonia
Finland
France
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Greece
Guatemala
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kosovo
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macedonia
Malaysia
Malta
Mexico
Moldova
Monaco
Myanmar
Nepal
Netherlands
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Nigeria
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Romania
Russian Federation
Saudi Arabia
Serbia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
Uruguay
Venezuela
Vietnam
United States
Us States
State
AK
AL
AR
AZ
CA
CO
CT
DE
FL
GA
HI
IA
ID
IL
IN
KS
KY
LA
MA
MD
ME
MI
MN
MO
MS
MT
NC
ND
NE
NH
NJ
NM
NV
NY
OH
OK
OR
PA
RI
SC
SD
TN
TX
UT
VA
VT
WA
WI
WV
WY
State
German City
Nearest City
Augsburg
Berlin
Bielefeld
Cologne (Köln)
Düsseldorf
Frankfurt am Main
Hamburg
Munich (München)
Nuremberg (Nürnberg)
Stuttgart
Nearest City
California City
Nearest City
Los Angeles
Oakland
Sacramento
San Francisco
San Jose
San Diego
Santa Barbara
Nearest City
Texas City
Nearest City
Austin
Dallas
Houston
San Antonio
Nearest City
Florida City
Nearest City
Ft. Lauderdale
Jacksonville
Miami
Orlando
Tampa
Nearest City
Annual Spend
Annual Digital Media Spend
Less than $1,000,000
$1,000,000 - $50,000,000
Greater than $50,000,000
Annual Digital Media Spend
How can we help you?
Message
You consent to our processing of your personal data for purposes of maintaining you in our databases as someone who is potentially interested in our products and services
Get in touch
Δ
We're Always Here for You!
First Name
First Name
Last Name
Last Name
Email Address
Email Address
Job Title
Job Title
Job Level
Job Level
C-Suite
VP/SVP/Department Head
Director
Manager
Specialist
Analyst
Coordinator
Consultant
Job Level
Company Type
Company Type
Ad Exchange
Advertiser
Agency
DSP
Press/Media Outlet
Publisher
Publisher Network
Trading Desk
Company Type
Job Role
Job Role
IT/Engineering
Sales
Human Resources
Other
Finance
Procurement
Media Buying/Planning
Marketing
Business Intelligence/Data/Analytics
Brand Safety
Ad Operations
Job Role
Company Name
Company Name
Country
United States
Albania
Argentina
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bangladesh
Belarus
Belgium
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Brazil
Bulgaria
Canada
Chile
China
Colombia
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Estonia
Finland
France
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Greece
Guatemala
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kosovo
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macedonia
Malaysia
Malta
Mexico
Moldova
Monaco
Myanmar
Nepal
Netherlands
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Nigeria
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Romania
Russian Federation
Saudi Arabia
Serbia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
Uruguay
Venezuela
Vietnam
United States
Us States
State
AK
AL
AR
AZ
CA
CO
CT
DE
FL
GA
HI
IA
ID
IL
IN
KS
KY
LA
MA
MD
ME
MI
MN
MO
MS
MT
NC
ND
NE
NH
NJ
NM
NV
NY
OH
OK
OR
PA
RI
SC
SD
TN
TX
UT
VA
VT
WA
WI
WV
WY
State
German City
Nearest City
Augsburg
Berlin
Bielefeld
Cologne (Köln)
Düsseldorf
Frankfurt am Main
Hamburg
Munich (München)
Nuremberg (Nürnberg)
Stuttgart
Nearest City
California City
Nearest City
Los Angeles
Oakland
Sacramento
San Francisco
San Jose
San Diego
Santa Barbara
Nearest City
Texas City
Nearest City
Austin
Dallas
Houston
San Antonio
Nearest City
Florida City
Nearest City
Ft. Lauderdale
Jacksonville
Miami
Orlando
Tampa
Nearest City
Annual Spend
Annual Digital Media Spend
Less than $1,000,000
$1,000,000 - $50,000,000
Greater than $50,000,000
Annual Digital Media Spend
You consent to our processing of your personal data for purposes of maintaining you in our databases as someone who is potentially interested in our products and services
Get in touch
Δ
ウェビナー登録フォーム
姓
Last Name
名
First Name
Eメール
Email Address
職名
Job Title
Company Type
業界
Ad Exchange
Advertiser
Agency
DSP
Press/Media Outlet
Publisher
Publisher Network
Trading Desk
業界
会社名
Company Name
Country
Japan
United States
Albania
Argentina
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bangladesh
Belarus
Belgium
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Brazil
Bulgaria
Canada
Chile
China
Colombia
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Estonia
Finland
France
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Greece
Guatemala
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kosovo
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macedonia
Malaysia
Malta
Mexico
Moldova
Monaco
Myanmar
Nepal
Netherlands
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Nigeria
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Romania
Russian Federation
Saudi Arabia
Serbia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
Uruguay
Venezuela
Vietnam
Japan
Us States
State
AK
AL
AR
AZ
CA
CO
CT
DE
FL
GA
HI
IA
ID
IL
IN
KS
KY
LA
MA
MD
ME
MI
MN
MO
MS
MT
NC
ND
NE
NH
NJ
NM
NV
NY
OH
OK
OR
PA
RI
SC
SD
TN
TX
UT
VA
VT
WA
WI
WV
WY
State
German City
Nearest City
Augsburg
Berlin
Bielefeld
Cologne (Köln)
Düsseldorf
Frankfurt am Main
Hamburg
Munich (München)
Nuremberg (Nürnberg)
Stuttgart
Nearest City
California City
Nearest City
Los Angeles
Oakland
Sacramento
San Francisco
San Jose
San Diego
Santa Barbara
Nearest City
Texas City
Nearest City
Austin
Dallas
Houston
San Antonio
Nearest City
Florida City
Nearest City
Ft. Lauderdale
Jacksonville
Miami
Orlando
Tampa
Nearest City
下記に記載する目的として当社データーベースに個人情報を保管されることに同意します。 - 資料請求、お問い合わせ、製品・サービス・キャンペーンのご案内のダイレクトメールの送付
登録する
Δ
Submit your information to complete the Registration
姓
Last Name
名
First Name
Eメール
Email Address
職名
Job Title
Company Type
業界
Ad Exchange
Advertiser
Agency
DSP
Press/Media Outlet
Publisher
Publisher Network
Trading Desk
業界
会社名
Company Name
Country
Japan
United States
Albania
Argentina
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bangladesh
Belarus
Belgium
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Brazil
Bulgaria
Canada
Chile
China
Colombia
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Estonia
Finland
France
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Greece
Guatemala
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kosovo
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macedonia
Malaysia
Malta
Mexico
Moldova
Monaco
Myanmar
Nepal
Netherlands
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Nigeria
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Romania
Russian Federation
Saudi Arabia
Serbia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
Uruguay
Venezuela
Vietnam
Japan
Us States
State
AK
AL
AR
AZ
CA
CO
CT
DE
FL
GA
HI
IA
ID
IL
IN
KS
KY
LA
MA
MD
ME
MI
MN
MO
MS
MT
NC
ND
NE
NH
NJ
NM
NV
NY
OH
OK
OR
PA
RI
SC
SD
TN
TX
UT
VA
VT
WA
WI
WV
WY
State
German City
Nearest City
Augsburg
Berlin
Bielefeld
Cologne (Köln)
Düsseldorf
Frankfurt am Main
Hamburg
Munich (München)
Nuremberg (Nürnberg)
Stuttgart
Nearest City
California City
Nearest City
Los Angeles
Oakland
Sacramento
San Francisco
San Jose
San Diego
Santa Barbara
Nearest City
Texas City
Nearest City
Austin
Dallas
Houston
San Antonio
Nearest City
Florida City
Nearest City
Ft. Lauderdale
Jacksonville
Miami
Orlando
Tampa
Nearest City
下記に記載する目的として当社データーベースに個人情報を保管されることに同意します。 - 資料請求、お問い合わせ、製品・サービス・キャンペーンのご案内のダイレクトメールの送付
Register
Δ
Cookie Preferences
Search results
Magnifying Glass
Search
Close search results
No results found
Filter options
Close Search
Sub-policy 8
https://www.flashtalking.com/privacypolicy/:
Our site uses cookies to improve your experience.
Read privacy policy
.
Accept all cookies
Reject all cookies
Cookie Preferences
Skip to main content
Skip to main content
Contact Us
Solutions
Flashtalking unleashes the power of creative in advertising with AI.
AI
Better business outcomes powered by AI
Creative Personalization
Real-time relevancy at scale across social, open web, and CTV
Social
Advanced automation in a unified platform
Ad Serving
Independent, unbiased delivery across open web and CTV
Audience & Identity
Cookieless measurement and personalization
Creative Intelligence
Insights connecting content and performance
Verification
Holistic brand protection
Partners
Integrations across the ecosystem
Platform
Flashtalking connects the silos across teams, processes, and technology.
Create: Design & Build
Make it beautiful.
Creative Tools
Automate: Version & Feeds
Make it scale.
Creative Versioning
Creative Labels
Activate: Distribute & Traffic
Make it connect.
Social
Open Web & CTV
Iterate: Learn & Optimize
Make it better.
Operational Dashboards & Reporting
Industries
We build trusted partnerships with global advertisers through our deep industry expertise.
Automotive
CPG
Financial Services
Retail
Sports Betting
Travel
Video Gaming
Resources
Catch up on the latest events, announcements, and thought leadership from the Flashtalking team.
Creative Showcase
Best-in-class omnichannel executions and client success stories
Reports
Industry trends and best practices
Events
Upcoming engagements and featured recordings
Blog
Insights and thought leadership from our team
Press Releases
Official company announcements
Press Coverage
Industry publications featuring Flashtalking
About
Flashtalking is part of Mediaocean, the mission-critical platform for omnichannel advertising.
Diversity, equity, and inclusion
Diversity of thought and experience makes us stronger.
Careers
Explore open roles and discover how we bring our passion to work every day.
Newsletter
Keep up-to-date with news, industry trends, events, and more.
Contact Us
We want to hear from you!
Support
As your trusted partner, count on us for strategic and creative services, platform certification, and more.
Help Center
Task-level eLearning, articles, on-demand webinars, and technical content
Ad Server Migration
Seamless migration process back by our experienced client solutions teams
Flashtalking Training
Self-paced credential programs and instructor-led training
Creative Production Services
Creative expertise from our team of designers and producers
Strategic Planning Workshops
Collaborative sessions to strategize across brand, creative, and media teams
Contact us
Privacy Policy
Updated February 6, 2024
Overview
Flashtalking and its subsidiaries and affiliated companies (Simplicity Marketing Ltd, Flashtalking Inc, Flashtalking GmbH, Flashtalking PTY, Flashtalking PTE Ltd., “Flashtalking,” “we,” “us” or “our”) provides an interactive advertising technology that delivers advertisements on behalf of advertisers and allows them to serve ads that are customized to users’ interests and to understand how users respond to their ads (the “Services”). Once an ad has been purchased by an advertiser, Our Services allow the advertiser to serve ads, and tailor those ads such that they are more likely to be of interest and value to users of the internet and mobile apps. Flashtalking is fully committed to preserving the privacy of users who see advertisements delivered by Flashtalking.
Flashtalking does not create consumer profiles or audiences, and never brokers or monetizes data to 3rd-parties; data is owned (controlled) by the respective advertisers, and Flashtalking does not pool consumer data across clients/advertisers.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy. We encourage you to check back regularly to stay informed about our information practices and the choices available to you.
To learn about Flashtalking’s commitment to Consumer Privacy and Data Protection, please read
Your Privacy Choices
.
Flashtalking is a member of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) and adheres to NAI Codes of Conduct as well as the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles.
Cookies and other tracking technologies used by the Flashtalking platform
Flashtalking’s platform uses various technologies to collect information, including cookies, web beacons, web storage, advertising device identifiers, and similar technologies. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that help to recognize that the same device has been seen before, and where, in the context of a client’s ad campaign.  This helps indicate if an ad is effective for the advertiser, and helps the advertiser tailor messages, offers, recommendations, and promoted content to your preferences over time. For example, once an ad has been bought, a client may use our technology to show you ads that they think will be of particular interest based on your web browsing activity. The Flashtalking platform may also collect information using web beacons (also known as “tracking pixels”). Web beacons are electronic images that may be used in our Services and help perform a variety of functions, including delivering cookies, counting visits, and understanding usage.
Non-cookie technologies can also be used to recognize your device in order to show you ads that are tailored to your interests and to understand how you interact with the ads we show. For example, your device might be identified through the IP address from which you interact with the Services and the user agent string broadcast by your browser or device. For more information about the choices available to you with respect to our use of information about your browser or device for interest-based advertising purposes, please see
Your Choices
below.
Disclosure of information
We may disclose the information we collect as follows or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy:
With our advertising and publishing clients, with respect to the performance of their online ads;
With vendors, consultants and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work or perform services on our behalf;
In response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law, rule, regulation or legal process;
If we believe your actions are inconsistent with our user agreements or policies, or to protect the rights, property or safety of Flashtalking or others;
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company; and
Between and among Flashtalking and any current or future parent, subsidiary and/or affiliated company.
How we protect the information we collect
We take reasonable measures to help protect the information we collect from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. However, no transmission over the internet or electronic storage can be completely secure, so we cannot guarantee the absolute security of any data.
International data transfers
We maintain facilities and offices around the world, including in the United States, the UK, EU, and Australia. Your personal data may be transferred to, stored, or processed outside of your country or the country in which you were located when you initially volunteered the information. Flashtalking is responsible for onward transfer to 3rd parties if they occur.
As a global marketing technology and services provider working with international Clients, we take many steps to protect the personal data in our care, including offering contractual assurances to this effect. Should the relationship with you or one of our group companies, Clients or partners involve cross-border data flows outside the European Union, we shall formally undertake to comply with the best data protection standards by adhering to the Standard Contractual Clauses adopted by the European Commission.
Flashtalking complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Flashtalking has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
Contact us
If you have any questions or need to contact us, please first reach out at
privacy@flashtalking.com
or
privacy_EU@flashtalking.com
.
If you wish to escalate your inquiry after contacting the privacy team, you are welcome to contact our Data Protection Officer, Lucid Privacy, reachable at
DPO@flashtalking.com
.
Complaints
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our or our clients’ collection and use of your personal data. For more information, please contact your local authority or find the contact details for data protection authorities in the European territories at the
Data Protection Authorities website
.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, Flashtalking commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information.  EU and UK individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, should first contact Flashtalking at:
privacy@flashtalking.com
.
Flashtalking is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). Flashtalking may disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In the cases of onward transfer to third parties, Flashtalking will remain liable under the Principals if its agents processes such personal information in a manner inconsistent with the Principals, unless Flashtalking proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Flashtalking will either:
Enter into a contract with the third-party controller that says data may only be processed for limited and specified purposes consistent with the consent provided by the individual, and that the recipient will provide the same level of protection as the Principles, or
Transfer data only for limited and specific purpose, ascertain agent’s level of data protection is provided is at least at the same level of privacy protection, take reasonable and appropriate steps to ensure agent effectively processes the personal information transferred in a manner consistent with Flashtalking’s obligations, upon notice, take reasonable and appropriate steps to halt processing and provide a summary of relevant privacy provisions of the contract with that agent upon request.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, Flashtalking commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. Under certain conditions, individuals may invoke binding arbitration. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please contact
DPO@flashtalking.com
or visit
https://www.jamsadr.com/dpf-dispute-resolution
for more information or to file a complaint.  The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.
If you are an online consumer, please continue reading below.
If you are a commercial visitor to our website, please
continue here.
If you are an authorized user of our ad technology platform, please
continue here.
Privacy Policies Pertaining to Online Consumers
Collection of information
Information we collect automatically through the services
In order to serve advertisements to your web browser and to help our customers provide ads that are relevant to your interests, we automatically collect certain information when you access websites that incorporate our Services or otherwise interact with our Services. This information does not identify you individually, but it does reflect information about the websites and mobile apps you visit and use and how you interact with the ads we serve.
Browser and Device Information: We collect information at the time of the ad being served about your browser and device, including your browser type, device type, IP address, user agent string, operating system, mobile carrier (if applicable), connection type and identifiers assigned to your browser or device, such as the advertising identifiers assigned by platform providers.  This information does not directly identify a natural person or individual, nor is tied to “sensitive information” under GDPR, CCPA, or similar regulatory frameworks.
Usage Data: We collect information about the websites and mobile apps you visit, including the date and time your browser or device accesses such websites or apps and the specific pages accessed;
Click and Search Data: Within the scope of the Services employed by our clients, we may collect information about the ads that you click on and the search terms you use.
Location Information: If permitted by your browser or device, we may collect non-precise information about the geo-location of your device for the purposes of serving ads that may be more relevant to you or helping to understand how you responded to ads served to you. For more details, please see “Your Choices” below. We also infer information about your general (non-specific) location based on your IP address.
Collection of personal information
Although our Services are designed to avoid collecting information that identifies you personally, in certain cases, at the request of an advertiser or publisher, a Flashtalking ad may be designed to enable the collection of data such as your town, zip code, or gender.  This information is provided to the advertiser or publisher who sponsored the ad or its authorized service provider and is not used by Flashtalking for any other purpose. The advertiser or publisher’s collection and use of personal information is governed by such advertiser or publisher’s privacy policy.
Flashtalking does not collect or use data for advertising purposes which directly identifies an individual or is tied to “sensitive information” such as name, postal address, social security numbers or other government-issued identifiers, insurance plan numbers, financial account numbers, sexual orientation, or precise information about past, present, or potential future health or medical conditions. We do not personalize any ads based on any health-related topics.
Information provided by our Clients
Our clients may provide information such as audience segments and hashed customer lists in order to provide Services to said client. Any personal information provided directly by clients must be hashed and/or pseudonymized as to not contain any Personally Identifiable Information (PII), or Sensitive Information.
Information provided by third-party partners as it relates to Social Ads Services
To provide Social Ads Services to our clients, we rely on certain data provided to us by third parties. This data may include such information as IP addresses, the website you visited, the date and time of your visit, and other identifiers that relate to advertising you may have seen from our client, or information about how individuals engage with social media, identifiers provided by social media companies, the television programs and advertising that individuals view on their televisions or devices, and other demographic information about individuals. We use this information in order to measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns, and to help our clients improve their advertising activities through our Services.
Children and advertising
Our websites and services are not intended for children under the legal age of Consent. While the Social Ads manager may contain audience segments which include individuals between the ages of 13–16 as a pass-thru Demographic parameter, and only as directed by our clients, we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children. If we suspect and validate that our Services have collected or received Personal Information from a child without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child please contact us at
privacy@flashtalking.com
.
Grounds for using your personal data
When administering the website, Flashtalking acts as a data controller/business.  While collecting and processing Ad data, Flashtalking acts as a data processor/service provider, relying on the following lawful grounds to collect and process your personal data:
Legitimate business interests. We may use your personal data for our legitimate business interests to improve our websites and content, and to optimize your experience. Consistent with our legitimate business interests and any choices that we offer or consents that may be required under applicable laws and regulations, we may use personal data and technical information for direct marketing. In the EU/UK, Flashtalking applies a
Legitimate Interest legal basis
for using IP addresses to help measure marketing campaign performance.
Performance of contract. We will need to collect and use your personal data to fulfill a contract with a client of Flashtalking, who has paid us to display advertisements. For example, when you visit a website which our clients and partners offer advertising services, Flashtalking will display an ad and collect the relevant information about the display of the advertisement.
User Consent. We may use personal data described in this Privacy Policy subject to your consent. Notably and where required by applicable laws and regulations, we will rely on your consent for electronic marketing and personalization of message content, which may include collecting information from your mobile device or computer. You may withdraw your consent at any time using the opt-out and preference management mechanisms provided within the message or by contacting us as described in this Privacy Policy. Withdrawing consent will not affect the lawfulness of consent-based processing before consent was withdrawn.
Use of information
We use the information we collect to help our clients understand how their ads are performing, to serve ads that are tailored to your interests, and to understand, measure, and report on how users interact with the Services. We may engage in cross-device data collection for the purposes of measurement and/or personalization. We may also use the information we collect from the Services to maintain and constantly improve upon the Services.
Your choices
Opting out of interest-based advertising and collection of personal information
Please visit our
Opt Out Page
.
Request removal of your personal data
You may send your deletion request by email to
privacy@flashtalking.com
or
privacy_EU@flashtalking.com
.
Data subject rights (GDPR, for EU and UK only)
This section addresses the Article 12 requirement for Transparent information, communication and modalities for the exercise of the rights of the data subject. An individual consumer who seeks access to personal data concerning them, or who seeks to correct, amend, request processing restrictions, object to processing, or delete personal data or exercise a right of portability should direct his or her query to the respective Flashtalking clients.
Flashtalking abides by the Data Subject Rights requests referenced within GDPR Articles 13-22 with respect to:
Right to be informed (about processing activities and applicable rights)
Right to access data (or obtain data being processed)
Right to rectify information (when outdated or incorrect)
Right to erasure (and to be publicly forgotten)
Right to object to processing (particularly activities based on consent)
Right to restrict processing (when processing is deemed to be unlawful)
Right to data portability (between proprietary systems in a common format)
Rights related to automated decision making (including decisions based on profiling activities)
Flashtalking and its subsidiaries and partners have put into place operational processes to comply with all Data Subject Rights requests within 30 days when received, however we may need to verify certain Personal data fields to ensure we act upon the correct data.
Right to be informed about processing (Articles 13 and 14):
The publisher websites on which Flashtalking serves ads in the EU provide the primary notice of processing through their collection and management of a consumer’s explicit consent.
Right to access data (or obtain data being processed) (Article 15):
We offer a Data Output report with a verified cookie or device ID. If such information cannot be verified, we reserve the right to withhold fulfillment of the request.
Right to rectify information (when outdated or incorrect) (Article 16):
Once data access is given, as per Article 15, the user has the right to rectify. However, as this data is collected from the device at the time of the ad being served, it is usually factual (at the time).  Flashtalking has a Contractual Obligation to report on advertisements being served, so the users personal data is not relevant to the ad serve action, which we are obligated to report.
Right to erasure (and to be publicly forgotten) (Article 17):
Upon written request and verification of a user’s cookie or device ID, Personal data may be overwritten/deleted to become fully anonymized. The Opt Out mechanism can then maintain a user’s objective of being forgotten without risk of a new ID or entry into our database. However, based on user action, such as deleting the Opt Out cookie, they may re-appear in our system with a new cookie or device ID.
Right to restrict processing (when processing is deemed to be unlawful) (Article 18):
Flashtalking will suppress unique identifiers to halt processing if requested to by the Advertiser or individual following the actions in Article 15 and 17. User can also accomplish by the Opt Out mechanism.
Right to data portability (between proprietary systems in a common format) (Article 20):
A Data Output in a standard format can be provided upon user verification, however Flashtalking cannot guarantee its unique and proprietary dataset will be compatible with any other 3rd-party systems.
Right to object to processing (particularly activities based on consent) (Article 21):
Similar to Article 17, users may object to processing via our Opt Out mechanism. Flashtalking will comply with all such requests.
Rights related to automated decision making (including decisions based on profiling activities) (Article 22):
While Flashtalking is a member of the advertising community, Flashtalking systems do not rely on any fully automated decision making, making this Article unlikely to apply to Flashtalking activities.
California consumer disclosure and rights (CCPA/CPRA)
Definitions
The terms “Business Purpose(s)”, “Personal Information”, “Sell” (or “Sale”), “Service Provider(s)” and “Third Parties” have the meanings given in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA). These term references and disclosures are limited to this section of the Privacy Policy and designated exclusively for California Consumers.
Categories of collected Personal Information
Unique device identifiers such as Cookies, Mobile Ad IDs (IDFAs for iOS and Android Ad IDs), Timestamps, User Agent Strings, IP addresses, demographics, non-precise geo-location data, web addresses with specific web page information or the name of a mobile application.
Purposes for collection and use of Personal Information
We collect personal information to facilitate relevant advertising and measure the performance of online advertising. We also engage in various business purposes, including detecting fraud, auditing impressions, maintaining our services, and temporary one-time uses.
Categories of sources from which Personal Information is collected
Websites or mobile application publishers, advertisers, advertising services, technology platforms.
Categories of Personal Information we sell
We do not sell personal information.
Categories of Third Parties to whom Personal Information is sold
We do not sell personal information.
Categories of third parties to whom information was shared for a business purpose
We do not share personal information with third parties except as directed by a client on their behalf.
US consumer rights and options
Opt out of processing
Achieved through our Opt-Out process initiated at https://www.flashtalking.com/optout. This will erase your cookie ID and also opt you out of Interest Based Advertising and campaign performance measurement.
Disclosure of personal information
We offer a Data Output report with a verified cookie or device ID. If such information cannot be verified, we reserve the right to withhold fulfillment of the request. Please email your request to privacy@flashtalking.com.
Deletion of Personal Information
Upon written request to privacy@flashtalking.com and verification of a user’s cookie or device ID, Personal data may be overwritten/deleted to become fully anonymized. The Opt Out mechanism can then prevent a new ID or entry into our database. However, based on user action, such as deleting the Opt Out cookie, a user may re-appear in our system with a new cookie or device ID.
Privacy Policies Pertaining to Commercial Visitors to the Site
Overview
This section of the Privacy Policy describes how Flashtalking collects, uses, and discloses information when you visit this website (“the Site”) and applies to all websites and mobile applications from which Flashtalking collects marketing data including
https://www.flashtalking.com
and any/all related service URLs.
Information collected on our website
Information we collect automatically on the site
In order to serve advertisements to your web browser that are relevant to your interests, we automatically collect certain information when you access the Site. This information does not identify you individually, but it does reflect information about your visit(s) to the Site and how you interact with the content.
Browser and Device Information: We collect information at the time of your visit to the Site about your browser and device, including your browser type, device type, IP address, user agent string, operating system, mobile carrier (if applicable), connection type and identifiers assigned to your browser or device, such as the advertising identifiers assigned by platform providers.  This information does not directly identify a natural person or individual, nor is tied to “sensitive information” under GDPR, CPRA, or similar regulatory frameworks.
Usage Data: We collect information about your visit(s) to the Site, including the date and time your browser or device accesses the Site and the specific pages accessed;
Click and Search Data: We collect information about the links that you click on and the search terms you employ within the Site.
Location Information: If permitted by your browser or device, we may collect information about the non-precise geo-location of your device for the purposes of serving you ads that may be more relevant to you or helping to understand how you responded to ads served to you. For more details, please see “Your Choices” below. We also infer information about your general (non-specific) location based on your IP address.
Information collected on our website
Advertisers and publishers may provide contact information through our Site to find out more about Flashtalking, be contacted by a Flashtalking representative, or to start working with Flashtalking. Flashtalking (and its agents and service providers) may use this information to respond to your request, to send you marketing communications, and for business purposes such as marketing and research. We will also use the information we collect from advertisers and publishers for invoicing and billing purposes. You may opt out of receiving promotional emails from Flashtalking by following the instructions in those emails or by emailing us at
privacy@flashtalking.com
. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations, if applicable.
Information collected from other sources
Visitors may provide contact information through our Site to find out more about Flashtalking, be contacted by a Flashtalking representative, or to start working with Flashtalking. Flashtalking (and its agents and service providers) may use this information to respond to your request, to send you marketing communications, and for business purposes such as marketing and research. We will also use the information we collect from advertisers and publishers for invoicing and billing purposes. You may opt out of receiving promotional emails from Flashtalking by following the instructions in those emails or by visiting
mediaocean.com/subscription-preferences
. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations, if applicable.
Flashtalking may also work with third parties that collect data on our Site and on other websites to serve you targeted ads. You can accept or reject cookies from such third-parties through the Site’s cookie consent mechanism, and/or opt out of interest-based ads by companies that participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance opt out program
here
.
How we collect from other services
We may also obtain other information that does not identify you personally (directly identify a natural person or individual or tied to “sensitive information” under GDPR, CPRA, or similar regulatory frameworks) from other sources and combine that with information we collect through our Services. For example, we may collect information about you from third parties, including our business partners, other advertising companies, and publicly available sources. Please be aware that the information we receive from other parties is usually voluntarily given through use of their services.
Grounds for using your personal data
When administering the website, Flashtalking acts a data controller/business and relies on the following lawful grounds to collect and process your personal data:
Legitimate business interests. We may use your personal data for our legitimate business interests to improve our websites and content, and to optimize your experience. Consistent with our legitimate business interests and any choices that we offer or consents that may be required under applicable laws and regulations, we may use personal data and technical information for direct marketing.
User Consent. We may use personal data described in this Privacy Policy subject to your consent. Notably and where required by applicable laws and regulations, we will rely on your consent for electronic marketing and personalization of message content, which may include collecting information from your mobile device or computer. You may withdraw your consent at any time using the opt-out and preference management mechanisms provided within the message or by contacting us as described in this Privacy Policy. Withdrawing consent will not affect the lawfulness of consent-based processing before consent was withdrawn.
Use of information
We use the information we collect through the Site to measure and improve user experience.  We may also use personal information you provide to us for sales and direct marketing-related communications.
Your choices
Opting out of interest-based advertising
Please visit our
Opt Out page
.
Request removal of your personal data for marketing communications
Whether we received your information through a form submission on the Site, through an email, provided to us directly, or through a partner service, you may opt out of marketing communications through the opt out process provided in our marketing messages. Please note that while the opt out is being processed, you may receive additional marketing communications.
Data subject rights (EU and UK only)
This section addresses the Article 12 requirement for Transparent information, communication and modalities for the exercise of the rights of the data subject.  An individual who seeks access to personal data concerning them, or who seeks to correct, amend, request processing restrictions, object to processing, or delete personal data or exercise a right of portability can direct his or her request to Flashtalking at
privacy@flashtalking.com
or
privacy_EU@flashtalking.com
.
Flashtalking abides by the Data Subject Rights requests referenced within GDPR Articles 13-22 with respect to:
Right to be informed (about processing activities and applicable rights)
Right to access data (or obtain data being processed)
Right to rectify information (when outdated or incorrect)
Right to erasure (and to be publicly forgotten)
Right to object to processing (particularly activities based on consent)
Right to restrict processing (when processing is deemed to be unlawful)
Right to data portability (between proprietary systems in a common format)
Rights related to automated decision making (including decisions based on profiling activities)
Flashtalking and its subsidiaries and partners have put into place operational processes to comply with all Data Subject Rights requests within 30 days when received, however we may need to verify certain Personal data fields to ensure we act upon the correct data.
Right to be informed about processing (Articles 13 and 14):
An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete data collected for sales or direct marketing purposes can contact Flashtalking at
privacy@flashtalking.com
or
privacy_EU@flashtalking.com
. We will respond/act within 30 days.  You may also Opt Out of marketing communications through the mechanism provided in the message, or by visiting
mediaocean.com/subscription-preferences
, in which case, we will no longer use your Personal information for direct marketing.
Right to access data (or obtain data being processed) (Article 15):
We will release the information upon verification of personal data. If such information cannot be verified, we reserve the right to withhold fulfillment of the request.
Right to rectify information (when outdated or incorrect) (Article 16):
Once data access is given, as per Article 15, the user has the right to rectify. Please submit such requests to
privacy@flashtalking.com
or
privacy_EU@flashtalking.com
.
Right to erasure (and to be publicly forgotten) (Article 17):
Personal data held for sales and marketing purposes may be overwritten/deleted upon request.
Right to restrict processing (when processing is deemed to be unlawful) (Article 18):
Flashtalking will suppress use of personal data for sales and direct marketing following the actions under Article 17. Users can also accomplish this through the Opt Out mechanism provided in marketing communications or by visiting
mediaocean.com/subscription-preferences
.
Right to data portability (between proprietary systems in a common format) (Article 20):
If requested to, we will act in accordance with Article 15 provided that as per Article 20, a common format is available.
Right to object to processing (particularly activities based on consent) (Article 21):
Similar to Article 17, users may object to use of their personal data for sales or direct marketing communications by either requesting from Flashtalking or via the Opt Out mechanism provided in communications. Flashtalking will comply with all such requests.
Rights related to automated decision making (including decisions based on profiling activities) (Article 22):
Flashtalking does not rely on any fully automated decision making with respect to sales and marketing communications.
US user rights and options
Opt out of processing
Flashtalking will suppress use of personal data for sales and direct marketing upon request to privacy@flashtalking.com. Users can also accomplish this through the Opt Out mechanism provided in marketing communications or by visiting mediaocean.com/subscription-preferences.
Disclosure of personal information
We will release the information upon verification of personal data. If such information cannot be verified, we reserve the right to withhold fulfillment of the request. Please email your request to privacy@flashtalking.com.
Deletion of Personal Information
Upon written request to privacy@flashtalking.com, personal data held for sales and marketing purposes may be overwritten/deleted.
Privacy Policies Pertaining to Authorized Users of Our Ad Tech Platform
Overview
This section of the Privacy Policy describes how Flashtalking collects, uses, and discloses information when you use the Services and applies to all websites and mobile applications from which Flashtalking collects data including
https://www.flashtalking.com
,
https://hub.flashtalking.net
, and any/all related service URLs.
Flashtalking is fully committed to preserving the privacy of users who see advertisements delivered by Flashtalking, and requires the same commitment from all users of the Services including Flashtalking employees, its clients, and anyone authorized to access and use the Platform and related services (“Platform Users,” “you,” or “your”).
Collection of information
Information we collect automatically through the services
We automatically collect certain information when Platform Users access and interact with the Services. This information reflects the parts of the platform you visit, and how you interact with the Services.
Browser and Device Information: We collect information at the time of accessing the Services about your browser and device, including your browser type, device type, IP address, user agent string, operating system, mobile carrier (if applicable), connection type and identifiers assigned to your browser or device, such as the advertising identifiers assigned by platform providers.
Usage Data: We collect information about the date and time your browser or device accesses the Services, and the specific pages accessed;
Click and Search Data: We collect information about the buttons and links that you click on and the search terms you employ within the Services.
Location Information: If permitted by your browser or device, we may collect information about the location of your device for the purposes of tailoring the Services to your locality. We also infer information about your general (non-specific) location based on your IP address.
Use of our Platform (Hub): We will use your email address for login authentication, Platform update communications, and marketing communications.
Grounds for using your personal data
When administering the website through which you access the Services, Flashtalking acts a data controller.  We rely on the following lawful grounds to collect and process your personal data:
Legitimate business interests. We may use your personal data for our legitimate business interests to improve our websites and content, and to optimize your experience. Consistent with our legitimate business interests and any choices that we offer or consents that may be required under applicable laws and regulations, we may use personal data and technical information for direct marketing.
Performance of contract. If you are our client, we need to collect and use your personal data to fulfill our contract with you and provide access to the Services.
User Consent. We may use personal data described in this Privacy Policy subject to your consent. Notably and where required by applicable laws and regulations, we will rely on your consent for electronic marketing and personalization of message content, which may include collecting information from your mobile device or computer. You may withdraw your consent at any time using the opt-out and preference management mechanisms provided within the message or by contacting us as described in this Privacy Policy. Withdrawing consent will not affect the lawfulness of consent-based processing before consent was withdrawn.
Use of information
We use the information we collect to grant you access to the Services, to understand, measure, and report on how you interact with the Services. We use the information we collect from the Services to maintain and constantly improve upon the Services, and to periodically send platform and marketing communications.
Flashtalking partner services
Flashtalking uses Google’s YouTube API Services. The Google Privacy Policy can be found at:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
and the Google App Permissions page can be found at:
https://myaccount.google.com/permissions
. The YouTube Terms of Service (ToS) can be found at:
https://www.youtube.com/t/terms
. Users of the Flashtalking Platform may opt to use this service if serving on YouTube.
Your choices
Request removal of your personal data for marketing communications
Whether we received your information through our contractual relationship or through a partner service, you may opt out of marketing communications through the opt out process provided in our marketing messages. Please note that while the opt out is being processed, you may receive additional marketing communications.
Sub-policy 9
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 10
https://createjs.com/legal/privacy.html:
CreateJS Privacy Policy
The CreateJS libraries are maintained by
gskinner
(gskinner.com, inc.)
The CreateJS libraries do not log or collect any personal information.
The CreateJS CDN (Content Delivery Network) located at
code.createjs.com
is hosted by Akamai (Akamai Technologies, Inc.) on an account controlled by Adobe (Adobe Systems Incorporated). Specific information on the personal data collected by these companies is available from their respective web sites.
The use of the CreateJS CDN is provided as a convenience, and is not required to use the CreateJS libraries.
Sub-policy 11
https://integralads.com/privacy-policy/:
IAS Website Privacy Policy
Updated March 6, 2024
1.0 Applicability and Scope
1.1 Applicability
The IAS Website Privacy Policy (hereafter referred to as this “Policy”) applies to the various operations related to Personal Data processing within Integral Ad Science Inc. (“IAS”), its sales platforms, all employees and, as applicable, subsidiaries, affiliates and vendors that support IAS’s business activities (collectively, “IAS Entities”).
1.2 Scope
This Policy applies to Personal Data (as defined below) that IAS collects from IAS corporate Websites (see defined term below) and how IAS collects and processes this Personal Data. This Policy does not cover Personal Data that is collected and processed through IAS’s Technology Solutions or the unified reporting platform called IAS Signal, available at www.integralplatform.com (the “Reporting Platform”). For more information on privacy as it relates to IAS’s Technology Solutions and Reporting Platform, please see IAS Technology and Reporting Platform Privacy Policy
here.
If visitors have disabilities which prevents them from electronically accessing this Policy and requires it to be provided in alternative format (e.g., audio, large print), they can send IAS a message at privacy@integralads.com for assistance.
IAS is the “data controller,” as defined by the EU General Data Protection Regulation for the Personal Data collected through our Websites.
2.0 Overview and Purpose
Integral Ad Science, Inc. and its subsidiaries (“IAS”) is a global measurement and analytics company that builds verification, optimization and analytics solutions to empower the advertising industry to invest with confidence and activate consumers everywhere, on every device. As part of its role in promoting trust and transparency in digital advertising, IAS takes its responsibilities with respect to privacy seriously. This Policy is provided to visitors and others whose Personal Data is collected by IAS. IAS knows that visitors and others care about how their Personal Data is collected, used, shared and retained.
3.0 Policy Content
3.1 Definitions
The following defined terms/acronyms are used within this Policy.
Term
Definition
Personal Data
Any information that relates to a living person that can be used, directly or indirectly, to identify that person Personal information, for example, may include business contact information collected from visitors who wish to obtain information or support or to purchase IAS Technology Solutions. Business contact information includes first name, last name, business email address, job title, name of the organization, country, business phone number and organization type.
Visitors
Visitors to IAS websites whose Personal Data (when collected by IAS via the Website) are subject to this Policy.
Website
www.integralads.com
3.2 Business Requirements
3.2.1 Personal Data IAS Collects
3.2.1.1 Personal Data about website visitors that they provide
IAS Entities may collect the Personal Data visitors provide directly via the Website. For example, IAS collects Personal Data when visitors submit an inquiry via the “Contact Us” form on the IAS Website. This Personal Data may include:
•
Contact Information:
IAS collects contact information from visitors who wish to obtain information or support or to purchase its Technology Solutions. For example, contact information may be provided via browser forms, online order forms, email and during events via submission of business cards or physical forms. Contact information includes first name, last name, email address, job title, name of employer, country, phone number and organization type.
3.2.1.2 Personal Data Collected Automatically
IAS Entities may also automatically collect certain information about visitors when they access or use the Website (“Usage Information”). Usage Information may include IP address, device identifier, browser type, operating system, information about visitors’ use of the Website and data regarding network connected hardware (e.g., computer or mobile device). The methods that may be used on the Website to collect Usage Information include:
• Log Information:
Log information includes data about visitors’ use of the Website, such as IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamps and related data stored in log files.
• Information Collected by Tracking Technologies:
We and our service providers use technologies on our sites and services to collect information that helps us improve the quality of our sites and services and the online experience of our visitors and users. In this Privacy Notice, we refer to these technologies, which include cookies–small text files stored on your computer or mobile device to remember your actions or preferences over time–and similar technologies from third party providers, collectively as “cookies.” Cookies allow us to personalize your return visits to our sites and services and to save you time during certain activities, such as remembering your user preferences; tracking interactions on our services; or determining whether or not you have opened an email communication from us. Most web browsers support cookies, and users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. Please note that if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our sites and services.
We and service providers on our behalf use cookies and similar technologies to:
Deliver advertisements that we believe are more relevant to your interests;
Keep track of how many visitors click on an advertisement;
Limit the number of times you see a certain ads;
To detect and combat fraud
To infer preferences based on how you interact with our [sites and services]
To gather information about our user base as a whole
To monitor and provide analytics about the performance, trends and operation of [our website, mobile application or services]
To enable you to use and access our website, mobile application or services
To better understand how our users interact with our website, application or services
To store and honor your preferences and settings
Third-party advertisers and other organizations may use their own cookies to collect information about your activities on our sites and services and/or the advertisements you have clicked on. This information may be used by them to serve advertisements that they believe are most likely to be of interest to you based on content you have viewed. Third-party advertisers may also use this information to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements. We do not control these cookies and to disable or reject third-party cookies, please refer to the relevant third party’s website.
Some information about visitors’ use of the Website and certain Third-Party Services (defined below in 3.2.4) may be collected using tracking technologies across time and services and used by IAS and other parties for purposes such as to associate different devices they use and deliver relevant ads and/or other content to them on the Website and certain Third-Party Services. IAS does not recognize browser “Do Not Track” signals.
3.2.2 How IAS uses the Personal Data Obtained
IAS may use Personal Data collected about visitors from the Website for the following purposes:
To facilitate, manage, personalize and improve the visitors’ online experience.
To perform necessary business functions, such as processing the visitors’ registration and managing their accounts.
To transact with visitors; provide services or information that they request; respond to their comments, questions and requests; serve them content and/or advertising and send them notices.
To improve the Website, repair errors, and ensure the security and integrity of Personal Data.
To tailor IAS content, marketing, advertisements and offers, including short-term, transient uses of Personal Data and auditing related to ad impressions.
Internal research and development to maintain and enhance IAS’s products and services.
To fulfill other purposes disclosed at the time of Personal Data collection to the visitor.
Where IAS is legally permitted or required to process Personal Data.
To prevent and address fraud, breach of policies or terms and threats of harm.
3.2.3 How and Why IAS Discloses Visitors’ Personal Data
3.2.3.1 Disclosures to Other Parties
Like many businesses, IAS hires other companies to perform certain business-related services. IAS may disclose Personal Data to certain of these companies but only to the extent needed to enable them to provide such services. The types of companies that may receive Personal Data and their functions are direct marketing assistance (including disclosure to IAS distributors for direct marketing of IAS Technology Solutions), data hosting services.
All such companies function as IAS agents, performing services at its instruction and on IAS’s behalf pursuant to contracts which require they provide data protection in compliance with privacy laws/legislations.
3.2.3.2 Disclosures to Affiliates
IAS may also disclose Personal Data to its affiliates in order to support the marketing, sales and delivery of IAS Technology Solutions. Personal Data may be disclosed between affiliate, subsidiary and parent organizations of IAS.
3.2.3.3 Business Disclosures
IAS may share visitors’ Personal Data in connection with or during negotiations of any proposed or actual financing of an IAS business; merger, purchase, sale, joint venture or any other type of acquisition or business combination of all or any portion of IAS’s assets; or transfer of all or a portion of IAS’s business to another company, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding.
3.2.3.4 Disclosures to Public Authorities
IAS may share visitors’ Personal Data to comply with the law, law enforcement or other legal process and, where permitted, in response to a government request. IAS may also disclose Personal Data to other parties when compelled to do so by government authorities or required by law, regulation or legal process including, but not limited to, in response to court orders and subpoenas.
3.2.4 Unaffiliated Content, Services, Analytics and Social Features
The Website may include hyperlinks to other sites, platforms, applications or services operated by unaffiliated parties (“Third-Party Service(s)”). These Third-Party Services may use their own cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies to independently collect Personal Data about visitors and may solicit Personal Data from them. Please note that if you visit a Third-Party Service, that unaffiliated party may collect Personal Data about you. IAS is not responsible for the privacy practices of Third-Party Services. You should review the terms, policies, settings, of these Third-Party Services to learn more about their privacy practices.
Certain functionalities on the Websites permit interactions that visitors initiate between the Website and certain Third-Party Services, such as third-party social networks (“Social Features”). Examples of Social Features include “liking” or “sharing” IAS’s content or logging in to the Service using a third-party account (e.g., using LinkedIn to sign in to the Website). If visitors post information on a third-party service that references IAS (e.g., by using a hashtag associated with IAS in a tweet or status update), their posts may be used on or in connection with the Website or otherwise by IAS. Also, both IAS and the Third-Party Services may have access to certain Personal Data about visitors and their use of the Service and other Third-Party Services.
IAS may engage and work with Sub Processors and other parties to serve advertisements on Third-Party Services. Some of these ads may be tailored to visitors’ interests based on their browsing of the Website and elsewhere on the Internet and may include the use of precise location and/or Cross-Device Data, sometimes referred to as “interest-based advertising,” “targeted advertising” and “cross-context behavioral advertising,” which may include sending visitors an ad on a Third-Party Service after they have left the Website (i.e., “retargeting”).
IAS may use Google Analytics or other Sub Processors for analytics services. These analytics services may use cookies and other tracking technologies to help IAS analyze Website users and how they use the Website. Information generated by these services (e.g., their IP address and other Usage Information) may be transmitted to and stored by these Sub Processors on servers in the U.S. (or elsewhere), and these Sub Processors may use this information for purposes such as evaluating visitors’ use of the Website, compiling statistical reports on the Website’s activity and providing other services relating to Website activity and other Internet usage.
3.2.5 Visitor and client rights
3.2.5.1 Opt-Out of Direct Marketing; Email Management
Visitors may opt out at any time from the use of their Personal Data for direct marketing purposes and/or the transfer of their Personal Data to third parties for direct marketing purposes
here
. Visitors should allow IAS a reasonable time to process their request.
Visitors may also manage their receipt of marketing and non-transactional communications by visiting
IAS’s Online Subscription Management Center
or clicking on the “unsubscribe here” link located on the bottom of any IAS marketing email communications and following the instructions found on the page to which the link takes them. Visitors cannot opt out of receiving transactional communications related to their account or purchase orders.
3.2.5.2 Privacy Rights
The laws in some jurisdictions provide individuals in those jurisdictions with certain rights regarding their Personal Data. Subject to certain exceptions, visitors may have the right to ask IAS to:
Provide visitors with information about IAS’s processing of their Personal Data and give them access to their Personal Data.
Update or correct inaccuracies in their Personal Data.
Delete their Personal Data.
Transfer a machine-readable copy of their Personal Data to them or another party of their choice.
Restrict the processing of their Personal Data.
Object to IAS’s processing of their Personal Data for direct marketing or targeted advertising purposes.
Obtain information about and object to IAS’s reliance on IAS’s legitimate interests as the basis for processing visitors Personal Data.
Visitors can submit these requests via the
IAS Privacy Request Portal here
or IAS postal address provided below in 3.2.9.5. IAS may request specific information to help IAS confirm their identity prior to processing their request. Applicable law may require or permit IAS to decline visitors’ requests. If IAS declines their request, IAS will tell them why, subject to legal restrictions. If visitors have questions regarding their Personal Data processing or if they would like to submit a complaint or appeal, they may contact IAS via the
IAS Privacy Request Portal here
. They may also contact IAS Data Protection Officer at the contact information provided below in 3.2.9.5. IAS will do its best to resolve any questions or concerns that visitors may have. Visitors may also submit a complaint to the data protection regulator in their jurisdiction. We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe.
3.2.6 Legal Bases for Processing
IAS’s processing of visitors’ Personal Data is carried out pursuant to the following legal bases:
The processing is necessary for IAS to provide visitors with the products and services they request or to respond to their inquiries.
IAS has a legal obligation to process visitors’ Personal Data, such as compliance with applicable tax and other government regulations or compliance with a court order or binding law enforcement request.
IAS has a legitimate interest in carrying out the processing activity. In particular, IAS has a legitimate interest in the following cases:
To analyze and improve the safety and security of the Website. This includes implementing and enhancing security measures and safeguards and protecting against fraud, spam and abuse.
To maintain and improve the Website.
To operate the Website and provide visitors with certain information and communications tailored to, and in accordance with, their preferences.
More information IAS’s legitimate interest balancing test may be obtained by contacting IAS at privacy@integralads.com.
Visitors have consented to the processing of their Personal Data. When they consent, they may change their mind at any time.
3.2.7 International Transfers
IAS servers are located in the U.S. If visitors are located outside of the U.S., they should be aware that any Personal Data provided to IAS or collected by IAS will be transferred from their country of origin to the U.S., as IAS servers are located in the U.S. For Personal Data transferred from IAS subsidiaries located within the EU, U.K. or Switzerland to IAS, note that IAS has executed the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses to legally transfer such data. Visitors from the EU, U.K. and Switzerland may obtain information about the transfer mechanisms implemented at the
IAS Data Protection Portal here
.
EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework with UK Extension, and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework
Integral Ad Science, Inc. (“IAS”) complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. IAS has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) under the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. IAS has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
IAS is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and Swiss-U.S. DPF and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. IAS complies with the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU, UK, and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over IAS’ compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. In certain situations, IAS may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, IAS commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please see section 3.2.9.5 How to Contact Us for how to contact our third party Independent Recourse Mechanism.
For complaints regarding EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S DPF, and Swiss-U.S. DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/ANNEX-I-introduction-dpf?tabset-35584=2
.
3.2.8 Personal Data Security
IAS takes the security and privacy of the Personal Data that it collects and otherwise processes pursuant to this Privacy Policy very seriously. Accordingly, IAS will implement reasonable and appropriate security measures to protect Personal Data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration or destruction, taking into account the risks involved in processing and the nature of the Personal Data and compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
3.2.9 General
3.2.9.1 Retention of Personal Data
IAS will retain Personal Data for as long as it is needed to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected or as required by the law. To determine the appropriate retention period, IAS will consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the data; the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the data; the purposes for which IAS processes the data and whether IAS can achieve those purposes through other means; and the applicable legal requirements. Unless otherwise required by applicable law, at the end of the retention period IAS will remove Personal Data from its systems and records or take appropriate steps to properly anonymize it.
3.2.9.2 Children
IAS does not market its Website to minors and does not knowingly collect any Personal Data from children under the age of sixteen through its Website. If a person has reason to believe that a child under the age of sixteen has provided Personal Data to IAS, they should contact IAS at privacy@integralads.com, and IAS will endeavor to delete that Personal Data from its databases immediately.
3.2.9.3. U.S. State Privacy Rights
If visitors are California or Virginia residents, they should review IAS’s Supplemental U.S. State Privacy Notice
here
, which describes their rights under the state-specific privacy laws and provides additional information regarding IAS’s collection, use and disclosure of Personal Data.
3.2.9.4 Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Notice and its effective date to reflect changes to our data governance practices. If we propose to make any material changes, we will notify you by means of a notice on this page. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
3.2.9.5 How to Contact Us
If anyone has questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact IAS in one of the following ways:
E-mail IAS at
privacy@integralads.com
Or write to IAS at:
Integral Ad Science, Inc.
12 East 49th Street, 20th floor
New York, NY 10017
Attn:
Chief Compliance Officer
If visitors from the EEA or UK wish to escalate their inquiry after contacting IAS’s privacy team, they are welcome to contact IAS Data Protection Officer, Lucid Privacy Group.
E-mail the DPO at
dpo@integralads.com
Or write to IAS at: Lucid Privacy
1556 Shrader Street
San Francisco CA 94117
Attn:
Integral Ad Science
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
Return to Privacy & Data Management Portal
Close
Search
Hit enter to search or ESC to close
Search for:
We use Tracking Technologies, such as cookies, web beacons, and pixels, on this website for various purposes such as to conduct targeted advertising, measure analytics, and ensure functionality of our website. For more information and to manage your preferences regarding certain Tracking Technologies, including enabling or disabling them based on their purpose,  click on “Cookie Preferences” to the right-hand side of this banner. You may also choose to enable all Tracking Technologies by clicking “Enable All”. Otherwise, you may click on “Keep Settings As-Is” to close out of this banner without making any changes.
Privacy Policy
Cookie Preferences
Keep Settings As-Is
Enable All
Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored
Overview
Performance
Analytics
Advertising
Operationally Necessary
Overview
We use Tracking Technologies, such as cookies, web beacons, and pixels, on this website for various purposes such as to conduct targeted advertising, measure analytics, and ensure functionality of our website. You may manage your preferences regarding certain Tracking Technologies, including enabling or disabling them based on their purpose (including Performance, Analytics, and Advertising) by navigating to the tabs on the left-hand side.
For more information about our website’s use of Tracking Technologies, see our
Privacy Policy
. You may also submit certain privacy requests by filling out the
IAS Privacy Request Portal
.
More information
Performance
These Tracking Technologies enhance the websites performance, such as detecting fraudulent access (including from bots), filtering out bots, improving latency, controlling web traffic, redirecting links or between device formats efficiently, and storing language preferences. Note that if Advertising Tracking Technologies are enabled, they may interact with Performance Tracking Technologies to prevent fraudulent bots interacting with our ads and to improve ad delivery and performance.
Without these Tracking Technologies, your experience on the website may be interrupted, slower, inefficient, and certain content or portions of the website may not render or be accessible.
Cookies Details‎
Analytics
These Tracking Technologies allow us to assess how users navigate and interact with our website allowing us to measure and improve our services based on consumer interests and tendencies (such as knowing which parts or features of the website are the most and least popular). Note that if Advertising Tracking Technologies are enabled, they may interact with Analytics Tracking Technologies to improve advertising features.
Cookies Details‎
Advertising
These Tracking Technologies help us, and other parties, personalize ads that are shown to you on our website, as well as on other online services. If enabled, these Tracking Technologies allow you to receive cross-context and targeted advertising across online services over time. For example, if you show interest in one of our products shown on our website, you may receive an advertisement for that same product on a different online service.
Cookies Details‎
Operationally Necessary
Some Tracking Technologies are Operationally Necessary as described below.
These Tracking Technologies are used for the core operations of the Website. Without these Tracking Technologies, the performance of our website may fail. For example, ensuring that your preferences related to which Tracking Technologies are enabled on the website are respected without interrupting your access as you move around the website.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-policy 12
https://www.moat.co.uk/privacy-statement:
Homepage
Privacy statement
Privacy statement
At Moat, we are committed to protecting and respecting any personal data you and your family share with us.
At Moat, we are committed to protecting and respecting any personal data you, your family or any visitors to your property share with us. The wording in this document reflects the requirements of the UK General Data Protection Regulations (UKGDPR) and the Data Protection Act, which ensure we, and others, use your information appropriately.
We use the name ‘Moat’ to encompass Moat Homes Limited and all of its subsidiary companies. However, generally, when you share information with Moat, for example via our website, on the telephone or by submitting paper forms or applications, your data is processed by Moat Homes Limited as the data controller. Moat Homes Limited is registered as a data controller with the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) under registration number Z7412234.
Moat Foundation is the charitable arm of Moat Homes Limited. Information captured by the Moat Foundation team is processed in accordance with this privacy policy and controlled and stored by Moat Homes Limited.
Moat Housing Group is a registered provider and subsidiary of Moat Homes Limited. Moat Housing Group is registered as a data controller with the ICO with registered number Z8157784 in order to process information relating to historic and ongoing equity loan holders and a small number of properties. Information captured by Moat Housing Group is processed in accordance with this privacy policy and controlled and stored by Moat Homes Limited.
As a charitable organisation, we will process data in line with our objects for the benefit of the communities we serve, for providing and managing social housing and providing assistance to help house people within our communities.
We are responsible for making decisions about the way your information is used and this statement describes what types of data we collect from you, how we use it, how we share it with others, how you can manage the data we hold and how you can contact us.
We will always give you the option not to receive marketing communications from us. We will never send you unsolicited ‘junk’ email or communications, or share your data with anyone else who might. We do not sell your data to third parties, but we do work closely with contractors and partner organisations in order to provide and improve our services and to help us to meet our legal obligations and provide a fair and equitable service for all our customers.
This version of our Privacy Statement comes into effect on 1 July 2024 and is available on our website, moat.co.uk. The contents of this statement may change from time to time, so you may wish to check the statement on our website to ensure you remain informed. When there is a significant change we will contact you directly to notify you.
How we use your information
What data do we collect?
We collect data about you and members of your household when you submit applications (such as for housing), use Moat’s websites (including MyMoat), have contact with our colleagues across the business and/or interact with our third-party service providers. We also receive some information about you from other agencies, such as local authorities, health professionals, government agencies etc. We only collect data which is necessary, relevant and adequate for us to comply with our obligations under our contract (i.e. tenancy agreement, lease etc.) and/or the purpose(s) for which we are provided it.
When it is in our legitimate interest, we will use data to help us understand how you use our services and engage with us, to enable us to deliver improved services to you and to help us try to meet your individual needs.
The data we collect includes some or all of the information
shown in this PDF.
(Please note: Moat reserves the right to update the contents of the Privacy Statement shown in the downloadable PDF from time to time. Should you decide to download or print a copy, it shall be rendered uncontrolled).
We will also share your data in situations where we need to pass it on to manage any request or complaint you have made to us. For example, we may share details of any complaint with the Housing Ombudsman Service, the Regulator of Social Housing, our insurers, the Courts or other third parties.
CCTV footage
Moat operates CCTV at its office locations and at some selected housing sites where we own or manage properties in order to prevent and detect anti-social behaviour / criminal activity. We will place ‘CCTV in operation’ signs to inform you when images of you may be captured. We are also aware that CCTV is in operation at some of our regional offices, such as Stanhope and Maldon, however, this is operated by the building owner.
Legal obligation to provide data
We may be legally required to provide information to third party organisations – for instance, in certain circumstances we may be required to provide information about housing benefits to a local authority, address and tenancy information for the purposes of the collection of taxes, or to provide CCTV footage to the police for the purposes of detecting criminal activity.
When you use our online services we may record:
The date and time you used our services
The pages you visited on our website and how long you visited them for
‘Live chat’ records
Your IP address
The internet browser and devices used to access our sites
Cookie information (for more information please see our Cookie Policy below)
The website address from which you accessed our website.
When you use our website or associated apps, so that we can better understand our users’ needs and to optimise this service and experience, these sites utilise a technology service that enable us to build and maintain services with user feedback. These websites and apps use cookies and other technologies to collect data on users’ behaviour and their devices. This includes a device's IP address (processed during your session and stored in a de-identified format), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), communication information, operating systems, and the preferred language used to display the information. This information is contained within a pseudonymised user profile. These services are contractually forbidden to sell any of the data collected on our behalf.
How do we use this data?
Moat will only process data that is necessary for the purpose(s) for which it has been collected, for example to consider any application for accommodation, or to respond to any query, complaint or request made by you.
We process personal data so that we can provide a range of services and to fulfil our obligations as a provider of social housing, including:
The provision of social and affordable housing
Repairs and maintenance*
Grounds, estates and tree maintenance*
Customer service (including out of hours*)
Marketing, sales and re-sales of new and existing shared ownership homes
*Indicates processing carried out by third-parties.
Research and Analysis
You will always have the option not to receive marketing communications from us (and you can withdraw your consent or object at any time by contacting customer@moat.co.uk). We will never send you unsolicited ‘junk’ email or communications, or share your personal data with anyone else who might do so.
There are various ways in which we may use or process your personal data for research and marketing purposes, including:
To identify and record when you have received, opened or engaged with our website or electronic communications (please see our Cookie Policy below for more information),
To analyse, evaluate and improve our services so that they are more useful (we will generally use data amalgamated from many people so that it doesn’t identify you personally),
Processing necessary for us to promote our activities and measure the reach and effectiveness of our services and create a better understanding of you as a customer.
Automated decision making and profiling
Moat and our authorised third party service providers use data when profiling you for services and to target our resources.
Our telephone system uses Artificial Intelligence and machine learning to improve customer interactions, including the use of analytics tools which will analyse voice, chats and email interactions and provide actionable insights.
Who do we share this data with and how?
We do not sell your data to third parties.
When it is in our legitimate interests, we will share your information with our contractors and partner organisations who deliver services for us (like repairs, satisfaction surveys and market research etc).
For more information see Table 1 The data we collect, why and who we share it with.
We use a secure email facility, called Mimecast, to enable details to be sent securely via email. In situations where TLS email types cannot be received by the recipient, we endeavour to ensure that emails are anonymised where possible, or personal information details are sent within a password protected attachment.
Some of our contractors, such as our day to day repairs partners and other partnering organisations providing services on our behalf, have a limited view into our systems. Generally, this will be to enable for appointments to be made, or complaints and feedback to be responded to appropriately. In addition to this, we have authorised integrations with some partners, such as our telephony service provider, to enable us to provide a better customer experience. When sharing information, we will comply with all aspects of data protection law.
We will only transfer personal data to jurisdictions outside of the United Kingdom (UK) or European Economic Area (EEA) if it has a recognised and adequate level of protection for data protection purposes. Such a transfer requires the express approval of Moat’s named Data Protection Officer.
The majority of personal information is stored on Moat's own servers in Moat's own secure premises. There are some occasions when your information may leave the UK or EEA in order to get to another organisation, or, if it is stored in a system that uses servers elsewhere.
Moat have additional protections on this data, ranging from secure ways of transferring data, undertaking risk assessments on systems being used, to ensuring that we have a robust contract in place with the third party.
How do we keep your data secure?
Moat has a robust set of security controls in place to protect the records we hold about you (on paper and electronically). Moat meets the stringent Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards (PCI-DSS) and complies with Cyber Essentials standards.
Access to your records is only available to those who have a right to see them. Examples of further security include:
Encryption, meaning that information is hidden so that it cannot be read without special knowledge (such as a password). This type of technology is applied to a number of our systems.
Access Controls, controlling access to systems and networks using multi-factor authentication, validates your identity above only requiring a password. This gives an additional layer of security when accessing our systems and data.
Training for our colleagues means that everyone will be aware of how to handle information and how and when to report when something goes wrong.
Regular testing of our technology and ways of working including keeping up to date on the latest security updates (patches).
How long do we keep your data for?
We will not hold your personal data in an identifiable format for any longer than is necessary. If you are a customer or otherwise have a relationship with us, we will hold personal data about you for a longer period than if we have obtained your details in connection with a prospective relationship.
If we have a relationship with you (e.g. you are a customer or member of a customer’s household), we hold your personal data for six years from the date our relationship ends. We hold your personal data for this period to establish, bring or defend legal claims.
Where we have obtained your personal data following an enquiry or application, or a request for information on any of our services, we hold your personal data for one year from the date we collect that data, unless during that period we form a relationship with you.
The only exceptions to the periods mentioned above are where:
The law requires us to hold your personal data for a longer period, or delete it sooner.
If there are outstanding balances due to us at the end of our relationship, we will retain your data for a period of six years following the collection of all amounts owed to us.
You have raised a complaint or concern regarding our services, in which case we will retain your data for a period of six years following the conclusion date of that complaint.
You exercise your right to have the data erased (where it applies) and we do not need to hold it in connection with any of the reasons permitted or required under the law (see ‘how you can manage the data we hold about you’ for further information).
How you can manage the data we hold about you
You have the right as an individual to access your personal data and make corrections if necessary. You also have the right to withdraw any consent you have previously given us and ask us to erase the data we hold about you (for information which we rely on your consent to hold). You can also object to us using your personal data (where we rely on our business interests to process and use your personal data).
You have a number of rights in relation to your personal data under data protection law. In relation to most rights, we will ask you for data to confirm your identity and, where applicable, to help us search for your personal data. The time limit for responding to your request will be paused until we receive all requested information. We will respond to your request within one month from the date we receive it. If for any reason, we are unable to fulfil your request within this timescale, we will contact you to let you know within the calendar month. We may refuse to comply with your request if an exemption or restriction applies, or if your request is manifestly unfounded or excessive. In most cases, there is no charge when making your request, however, in some circumstances, the ICO allows us to make a reasonable charge to respond to your request.
You have the right to:
Be informed about what data we hold about you and how we use it. This Privacy Statement is designed to tell you all you need to know.
Ask for a copy of the data that we hold about you (known as a Data Subject Access Request)
Correct and update your data (in certain circumstances, we may request evidence of the change) (known as right to rectification)
Withdraw your consent (where we rely on it). You can do this by contacting us at
customer@moat.co.uk
. In relation to any marketing messages you receive, you can unsubscribe at any time by using the unsubscribe option included in those messages. This is also known as the right to object to processing, but is not the same as when we use your data for the performance of our tenancy or lease obligations or any other legitimate interest.
Object to our use of your data (where we rely on the public interest or our legitimate interests to use your personal data) provided we do not have any continuing lawful reason to continue to use and process the data (this is also known as right to object). When we do rely on our legitimate interests to use your personal data for direct marketing, we will always comply with your right to object.
Erase your data (or restrict the use of it), when we do not have any continuing lawful reason to continue to use and process that data (also known as the right to erasure).
Receive copies of the data you have provided to us in a structured data file (in a commonly used and machine readable format) to transfer to another provider, where we rely on your consent to use and process your personal data or need to process it in connection with your contract. This is also known as data portability.
We aim to keep your records accurate and up to date and may ask you to confirm your details when we communicate with you. You can keep all your personal details up to date using MyMoat, our customer portal by visiting
www.moat.co.uk/mymoat
You can exercise the above rights and/or manage your data by contacting our Data Protection Officer by emailing
customer@moat.co.uk
or writing to:
Data Protection Officer, Moat, Mariner House, Galleon Boulevard, Crossways, Dartford, Kent DA2 6QE.
If you are unhappy, you have the right to lodge a complaint with our data protection officer or the Information Commissioner’s Office, the data protection regulator in the UK. Write to them at:
Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire SK9 5AF.
You can call them on 0303 123 1113 or email at
casework@ico.org.uk
.
Cookies
For the purpose of supplying the services of the website for yourself and future visitors we need to collect some information from you. This is done via cookies (as you traverse the site) and http headers (when you login) where the data resides in your local storage.
Your consent to collect information
The ‘cookie’ consent banner on this website is your affirmative action in accessing subsequent pages where data is transmitted. Consent is based on the computer/browser/device being used. If using a shared computer it is advisable to clear local data before and after use. More information on cookies, headers and local storage is available from Wikipedia.
Search
https://en.wikipedia.org/
for 'HTTP cookies', 'HTTP headers' and 'Web_storage' respectively.
How to withdraw consent at any time
You have the right withdraw the consent at any time (opt out). There are various ways to do so:
Disable your browser from accepting/sending cookies or saving local storage, ornot using the website.
However, there will be aspects of the website that will not function, especially the login sections.
As a customer of Moat you can access your information via the Call Centre or via post.
Renewal of consent
Consent will be sought each session/device or when the term have changed.  If you subsequently give consent it will override any withdrawal of consent.
Overview Cookies and local storage
Please see our privacy policy for more information on the controller and processors of data.
​
Cookies
Cookie example name
EXAMPLE Value
auth0.vXA3GFDGREMNIKT45SDX.
is.authenticated
true
ARRAffinitySameSite
754389574389543F.3.3.3
ARRAffinity
754389574389543F.3.3.3
Local Storage
Key example name
EXAMPLE Value
Access_token
-5amWvrxeasdsgOLrjqlvRve4-ia-6oN
expires_at
1525431609184
id_token
eyJ0eXAiOiJKV1QiLCJhbGciOiJSUzI1NiIsImtpZCI6Ik5VSkVNek01TlRFNVFUTTRPVFiYjkwMDUyNDZlMGYwYTEl4TWtFd1JFWkdSVEF3UTBaR01qZEVNakkzT0RFM05qSTNRZyJ9.eyJodHRwczovL21vYXQuY28udWsvY29udGFjdElkIjoiNTFmM2JjMmUtY2Y5Mi1lNTExLTgwY2YtMDA1MDU2YTUyNmI3IiwiaHR0cHM6Ly9tb2F0LmNvLnVrL3JvbGVzIjpbIm15bW9hdC11c2VyIl0sImlzcyI6Imh0dHBzOi8vbW9hdC5ldS5hdXRoMC5jb20vIiwic3ViIjoiYXV0aDB8NWQxZjE0MTQ1IiwiYXVkIjoiazN1WTNTYk1RdFFZc0F2NVdXTGE4OVYwdmFxMXdUODEiLCJpYXQiOjE1MjU0MjQ0MDUsImV4cCI6MTUyNTQ2MDQwNSwiYXRfaGFzaCI6IlR0aWwtOXNNaTBNSzVFbVktWVRtYWciLCJub25jZSI6Ik5hNlBsQ1hkQkY4aUtESEVQNTQuWDlTNmFqUDdPMDB1In0.aA3GgApmgV6FWPPdhGIfEBjGmZX-cF_aIhr-BteLIk4XKVwawXKV13JlNzf8SjIRpnVG5Hh_bhfYQm1Z4Q0EEQvsn9A9Jn4lzOzS2nkxCZRrOIL9pee9EZ0WyUO5BAAmG9q_aiUuz7F9-kullf9-neVfoDgsP0vjFusJcpXAc7FwkLKhR80IeGzYrbdeAbuDBCPPpOzBbyUI_OQ8hkNtovwO4gVbWMumt7_JdwTryDwk6HL8iZLsdVbyj40jULZpAnDI3NLctEYV3Dq9xbv4_DsF_fxtp96Dr8xr_bTJlwdFfvh8XVzZEmlAlr7YzsNyHCNs7YRvq2Ic4JNVVQ
moat
{"cookies":"approved"}
com.auth0.auth.
tMg~1DIFbHQ1
Gu8x8d2goSpblu
84lnZi
{"nonce":"plh1oqlxHKjrMg1Zm-oep4YuIwpJO06.","state":"tMg~1DIFbHQ1Gu8x8d2goSpblu84lnZi"}
The information contained in the data transmitted to Moat is required for the provision of services now and in the future. It is pseudonymised and has no value on its own. We only use third party cookies for analytical purposes, such as Google Analytics, to help improve the usage of our site and for Twitter feeds. You can opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites.
This website uses cookies to improve your browsing experience. Please confirm that you accept our use of cookies. For more information
view our cookie policy
Continue
Decline
Sub-policy 13
http://www.nielsen.com/content/corporate/ie/en/privacy-policy.html:
Skip to content
404 Not Found
Relevance
Newest
Oldest
Sort by
Relevance
Newest
Oldest
Filter by
Sections
Insights
News Center
Solutions
About Us
Legal
Careers
Data Center
Products
Locations
Americas
Argentina
Asia-Pacific
Australia
Austria
Belgium
Brazil
Bulgaria
Canada
Chile
Chinese Mainland
Colombia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Dominican Republic
Europe
Finland
France
Germany
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Malaysia
Mexico
Middle East and Africa
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Vietnam
Apply
Cancel
X
Clear Filters
Find something else
Contact us
Find the right solution for your business
In an ever-changing world, we’re here to help you stay ahead of what’s to come with the tools to measure, connect with, and engage your audiences.
How can we help?
postid
How can we help?
*
Please select...
Sales Inquiry
Other Inquiry
Inquiry type
*
Please select...
Audience measurement
Gracenote content metadata
Marketing optimization
Media planning
Retail and transaction data
Sports marketing optimization
Former and Current Employee Inquiries
Careers and Internships Opportunities
First name
*
Last name
*
Business email address
*
Job title
*
Industry
*
Please select...
Agency
Automotive
Consulting
CPG
Education
Electronics
Financial Services
Food & Beverages
Government
Healthcare
Hospitality & Travel
Insurance
Internet
Manufacturing
Media
Music
Non-Profit
Other
Pharmaceuticals
Publishing
Radio
Real Estate
Retail
Sports
Technology
Telecommunications
Television & Cable
Video Gaming
Company
*
Location
*
Please select...
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chile
China
Colombia
Comoros
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Democratic Republic of Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Polynesia
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Islands
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic of the Congo
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican
Venezuela
Vietnam
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Tell us more about your needs:
*
255 of 255 Character(s) left
Newsletter Opt-in
Yes! Sign me up for insights and news that count in Nielsen's weekly newsletter.
Marketing communications opt-in
Sign me up! I want to stay ahead of media's evolution with emails on the latest trends and insights, Nielsen/Gracenote content, products, events, and more!
newsletter
By clicking or tapping the button and sharing your contact information with us, you acknowledge that you have read our
Privacy Notice
and that you consent to receiving communications about Nielsen's business, products/services, and events that may be of interest to you. However, if you ever change your mind, you can unsubscribe from our communications by following the instructions within the email that you receive from us.
If you are a human seeing this field, please leave it empty.
Sub-policy 14
https://www.openx.com/legal/privacy-policy/:
Learn more about our path to Net-Zero at
openx.com/sustainability
Home
»
Privacy Center
»
OpenX Ad Exchange Privacy Policy
OpenX Ad Exchange Privacy Policy
Last updated: February 11, 2025
Introduction
What personal data do we collect?
Why do we collect, use, and store this personal data?
How and to whom do we share your personal data?
How can you opt out of interest-based advertising?
What are cookies and how do we use them?
What choices and rights do you have with respect to the data we process?
How long do we retain your personal data?
What if we update this privacy policy?
How can you contact us?
1. Introduction
OpenX (“
OpenX
“, “
we
“, “
us
” or “
our
“) runs an advertising exchange (the “
Ad Exchange
”).  This means that we connect companies that offer advertising space on their websites, mobile applications, or connected television applications (called “
Publishers
” in this Privacy Policy) with brands, advertising agencies, and demand side platforms (called “
Advertising Partners
” in this Privacy Policy) looking to purchase that advertising space in order to advertise their products or services to consumers like you.
We know you may have questions and concerns about who is collecting your data, how your data is used, and how Publishers and Advertising Partners seem to know which products and services you may be interested in as you engage online.  We’ve designed this Privacy Policy to help answer those questions with respect to the data that flows through our systems, and to make sure you know how to take action to prevent or limit our collection and use of your data for interest-based advertising (sometimes called “targeted advertising” or “cross-context behavioral advertising”) if you choose to do so by clicking
here
.
We encourage you to read the whole Privacy Policy, because it provides important information about how we may process your data, and the choices or rights you may have with respect to our processing of your data.  In the meantime, here are some key takeaways:
We collect data about you from Publishers, Advertising Partners, and third party data providers.
This data may include personal information about you such as your device identifiers, location, browsing history, and specific interests, and it may be collected from a variety of partners, such as Publishers operating websites and apps.
We use this data to understand your online activity and interests over time so we can serve you relevant ads.
Using cookies and other persistent identifiers that track your online activity, we collect data about you across different websites and apps, and across different devices. So, we may know you visited a website on Monday from your desktop computer to look at a product, returned to the website on Tuesday from your mobile phone to add the product to your check-out basket, and finally completed your purchase of the product on Wednesday from your tablet. We use this data to learn about your interests over time and understand what products and services may be most relevant to you.
We share this data with third parties.
We share the data we collect about you, and the information we learn from it, with the Advertising Partners that use our Ad Exchange to help them decide whether, where, and how to serve (or re-serve) advertisements for particular products or services to you. We may also share some of your data with trusted third party data providers and service providers.
We don’t know your name, but we do know your online identifier.
None of the data we collect or share about you via our Ad Exchange is connected to your clear-text name, contact information, or other information that could directly identify you as an individual.  But, it is connected to the cookies and other persistent identifiers that are affiliated with your unique online activity.  So, while we (and the partners who use our Ad Exchange) may know about the interests and online activity of device ABC123 and use it to serve that device ads as described above, we don’t know that device ABC123 is used by a person with your name.
You can opt out of interest-based advertising.
While we strongly believe that our services help foster a healthy Internet, grow a strong economy, and enhance your online experience, we understand that not everyone wants to receive interest-based (i.e., “targeted” or “cross-context behavioral”) advertisements. You can opt out by clicking
here
or by following the instructions in
this section
.
If you do opt out, you should understand that you may still receive the same amount of advertisements from Advertising Partners using our Ad Exchange (or other ad exchanges) as you engage online.  But, at least for advertisements served via our Ad Exchange to your opted out device(s) or browser(s), none of those advertisements will be tailored to your specific interests over time.
To learn more about our collection, use, and disclosure of your data, and your choices or rights with respect to our processing of your data, please scroll down to read the rest of this Privacy Policy.  If you have any questions as you do, you can always contact us
here
.
As you read our Privacy Policy, please also remember that the Publishers and Advertising Partners you interact with as you engage online and in the real world may have their own privacy policies that govern how they collect and use your data, including when they may share your data with advertising partners like us. These policies and practices may differ from what you read in our Privacy Policy. To fully understand how your data is being collected, used, and shared, you should always carefully read the privacy policy of any website you access, any app you use, and any social network page through which you share information.
2.
What personal data do we collect?
Unless you contact us directly, we do not knowingly collect information that directly identifies you, such as your clear-text (i.e., unhashed) name, physical address, email address, phone number, online usernames, or user passwords. But, we may collect the following categories of personal data about you from Publishers, Advertising Partners, and third party data providers that partner with us to serve you advertisements:
Unique online identifiers
These are persistent identifiers that help us identify you across devices and over time, such as your IP address, cookie ID, mobile advertising ID, hashed email address, and user agent string
Online and offline activity and interests (including inferences)
This includes information about your online activity and interests, such as your browsing history and online behavior
This may also include information about your offline activity and interests, such as your purchase history
And, this may include information derived or inferred from your online and offline activity and interests, such as your likelihood to be interested in buying a particular product, using a particular service, or visiting a particular website
Geolocation information
This is information about your or your device’s location, such as your country, region, metro, zip, or postal code, or geographic coordinates, typically as inferred from your IP address
Browser, device, and service information
This is information about the devices you are using to engage online, such as your browser or device type (e.g., Google Chrome, iPhone), screen dimensions, operating system, and preferred language
Ad reporting and delivery information
This is information about the advertisements you have been served and how you interacted with them, such as the size and format of advertisements you were served and whether you clicked on them
As described above, we collect this information primarily using cookies and other persistent identifiers that track your online activity. You can learn more about these technologies in
this section
.
We will also collect your personal data if you visit our website or contact us for any reason, although we will not use this data for advertising via our Ad Exchange. Please view our
Website Privacy Policy
to learn more.
3.
Why do we collect, use, and store this personal data?
Depending on where you live, we may need a valid legal basis to collect, use, and store your personal data. If we do, depending on the circumstances, our valid legal basis may be: (i) that you have given us permission to process your data by consenting to our processing or by choosing not to opt out of our processing after receiving notice of our processing activities (we’ll collectively refer to this legal basis below as “consent”), in which case you can always withdraw your consent or opt out of our processing by contacting us
here
(note, though, that withdrawing or opting out will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before a withdrawal or opt out); (ii) that it is in our legitimate interests to process your data, taking into consideration your interests, rights, and expectations (we’ll refer to this legal basis below as “legitimate interest”); or (iii) that we are legally required to process your data (we’ll refer to this legal basis below as “legal requirement”).
When we are legally allowed to process your personal data, we may do so for the following purposes, with the caveat that some of our processing activities vary depending on where you live:
To facilitate non-interest based advertising
We may help serve you an ad on one of our Publisher’s online properties based solely on information you have provided directly to that Publisher
Our legal basis for this purpose is legitimate interest
To facilitate interest-based advertising
We may help serve you an ad on one of our Publisher’s online properties based on information you have provided to that Publisher, in addition to information we have collected independently or from third parties, including other Publishers, Advertising Partners, and third party data providers
You can opt out of interest-based advertising (sometimes called “cross-context behavioral” or “targeted” advertising) by clicking
here
Our legal basis for this purpose is consent
To understand your activity and preferences over time
We may use the data we collect (whether directly or from our partners) to learn about your online activity across sites, apps, and devices over time and infer information about your online and real-world preferences (e.g., we may infer that device ABC123 is used by a female in the New York Metro area interested in buying new shoes)
We only maintain information about your activity and preferences for the last 90 days (at most), and we use this information only to improve our ability to serve interest-based advertisements
Although we can’t control our partners’ actions, we also include restrictions in our agreements with our Advertising Partners and third party data providers requiring them to limit their use of this information, to the extent it is shared with them
You can opt out of this kind of data processing, which facilitates interest-based advertising, by clicking
here
Our legal basis for this purpose is consent
To control the content and frequency of ads
Whenever we help serve you an ad, we may use real-time information about the context in which it will be shown to help make sure the ad is relevant to you and delivered in a format that will work on your device
We also take steps designed to make sure that you are being shown a reasonable amount of ads, that those ads do not contain malware and otherwise meet our ad standards, and that you are not receiving the same ads too frequently
Our legal basis for this processing is consent or legitimate interest, depending on the circumstances
To measure ad performance
Whenever we help serve you an ad, we may measure the delivery and performance of the ad to understand whether it displayed correctly; how long you had the opportunity to see it; and how, if at all, you interacted with it
We use this information to provide reporting to our Publishers and Advertising Partners so that they can understand how their ad campaigns are working or can be improved
Our legal basis for this processing is consent or legitimate interest, depending on the circumstances
To build and improve our products, features, and models
We use data to build and improve our products and features, including by building and improving models and algorithms through machine learning
Our legal basis for this processing is legitimate interest
To respond to valid legal requests and protect our legal interests
In rare instances, we may be required to produce your data in response to a valid legal request from a governmental, law enforcement, or other legal entity
It is also possible, although unlikely, that we may need to produce your data to protect our rights and property, or to protect someone’s safety
If we are required to produce your data in either of these circumstances (or any similar circumstances), we will limit our response to the information required to resolve the legal request or situation
Our legal basis for this processing is legitimate interest or legal requirement, depending on the circumstances
When we process your personal data for one of these purposes, we do so in accordance with our robust privacy program, including by taking measures to securely store and transmit your data and by adhering to our
retention limits
.
4.
How and to whom do we share your personal data?
We may disclose the information that we collect about you to the following third parties, for the following reasons:
Advertising Partners and third party data providers
As described throughout this Privacy Policy, we pass data to our Advertising Partners, subject to data use restrictions, so that they can combine this information with other information they have independently collected to determine whether to serve (or re-serve) you an ad, and so that they can understand how well their advertising campaigns are working
We may also pass data to trusted third party data aggregators or data partners, subject to data use restrictions, so that they can combine this information with other information they have independently collected to understand, and in some cases help us understand, your online activity and preferences across sites, apps, and devices over time
Some of these transfers of data may considered “sales” or “sharing” of data under privacy laws applicable to you; you can opt out of any “sales” or “sharing” of data by clicking
here
Service providers
We share certain data with contracted vendors, subject to data use restrictions, so that they can perform functions on our behalf, such as fraud and malware prevention, identification of invalid traffic, and data storage and hosting; a list of our service providers is available
here
Affiliates and potential acquirers
We may share data amongst affiliate companies in the OpenX group for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy; a  list of our affiliates is available
here
We may also share data in connection with an actual or proposed sale or transfer of all or a part of our business or assets, corporate merger, consolidation, or bankruptcy, including with our advisers and any prospective purchaser’s advisers and with the new owners of the business
Regulators, law enforcement entities, and other legal actors
In rare instances, we may share data with regulatory, governmental, law enforcement, courts with competent jurisdictions, emergency services, or other legal entities or public authorities in response to a valid legal request, to protect our rights or property, to protect someone’s safety, or to meet national security or law enforcement requirements
If we are required to produce your data to these entities, we will limit our response to the information required to resolve the legal request or situation
International transfers
OpenX complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. OpenX has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. OpenX has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, OpenX commits to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of human resources data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF in the context of the employment relationship.
If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the applicable Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit the
Data Privacy Framework website
.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over OpenX’s compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF).
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge)
here
.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the DPF website
here
, you may be entitled to invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted. In cases of onward transfer to third parties (e.g., instances where OpenX transfers personal data to a third party partner, service provider or an agent which processes such data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles), OpenX is generally liable for the acts of the third party that are in violation of the DPF Principles.
In parallel to adhering to Data Privacy Framework, in the event that personal data collected from a UK or EEA data subject is transferred outside of the UK or the EEA to an organization in a country which is not subject to an adequacy decision by the EU Commission or considered adequate as determined by applicable data protection laws, we take additional steps to ensure your personal data is adequately protected (e.g., by way of EU Commission-approved Standard Contractual Clauses or by relying on other data transfer mechanisms approved under applicable data protection laws). We are also committed to conducting data transfer impact assessments and adopting any supplementary measures required to mitigate any risks to you identified in such an assessment. A copy of the relevant mechanism can be obtained for your review on request by contacting us
here
.
We regularly monitor updates to the Data Privacy Framework and other relevant international data protection standards to ensure continued compliance and promptly implement any required adjustments to our data transfer practices.
5.
How can you opt out of interest-based advertising?
OpenX adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance (“
DAA
”) Self-Regulatory Principles in the United States (“U.S.”), the European Digital Advertising Alliance (“
EDAA
”) Principles in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), and the IAB Europe OBA Framework.  These principles and framework address interest-based advertising, also called “cross-context behavioral” or “targeted” advertising, which our services facilitate.  As described throughout this Privacy Policy, OpenX collects the types of data described in
Section 2
across multiple devices and across websites and apps over time, in order to use and transfer such data to our partners to facilitate  interest-based advertising.
You can request to opt out of our interest-based advertising services – and the interest-based advertising services of other companies that adhere to the principles and framework listed above – by taking the steps listed below. Please remember that even if you take some or all of these steps, some information may still be collected about you as you engage online, and you may still receive the same number of advertisements. But we will not collect or use data collected from your opted out browser or device to tailor the online ads you receive based on data collected over time from different websites, apps, and devices (at least for data collected and advertisements received via our Ad Exchange).
You’ll see that there are multiple steps listed. That’s because, as described throughout this Privacy Policy, interest-based advertising services involve the collection of your data across multiple devices and via multiple mechanisms. As a result, because cookies and other persistent identifiers cannot be read between different browsers or devices, you will need to opt out on each device and browser you use, and may need to take special steps to opt out of the collection of certain kinds of data.
To opt out on a browser (e.g., as you engage on websites):
Cookies and Similar Technologies.
Cookies and similar technologies, like web beacons and pixels, may be used to collect data about you as you browse the web.  If you live in the EEA, you can learn more about and opt out of this kind of data collection by companies, including OpenX, that adhere to the European DAA Principles at
www.youronlinechoices.com
.  If you live outside of the EEA, you can learn more about and opt out of this kind of data collection by companies, including OpenX, that adhere to the DAA’s self-regulatory programs at
https://youradchoices.com/control
. As an opt out alternative, you can also download a browser or extension that supports the Global Privacy Control by visiting
this website
.
Please note
that in order for your opt-out choice to be effective using the DAA’s tools, you must ensure that your browser is first set to accept third-party cookies such as the OpenX opt-out cookie. Some browsers block third-party cookies by default, and you may need to change your browser settings to accept third-party cookies before opting out. Additionally, if you later use a different device or browser, or erase cookies from your browser, you may need to renew your opt-out choice.
Local Storage or Cache.
Companies may use the local storage or cache in your browser to collect information about you as you browse the Internet. You can opt-out of this kind of data collection by (1) using any tools provided by your browser to clear local storage and the browser cache, and (2) turning on any “Do Not Track” header setting offered by your browser. Please note that you must complete both of these steps in order to complete the opt out process. As an opt out alternative, you can also download a browser or extension that supports the Global Privacy Control by visiting
this website
.
To opt out on a cell phone or mobile device (as you use mobile apps):
You can opt out of the collection of data for interest-based advertising on your mobile device, for OpenX and other companies participating in industry self-regulation, by downloading the DAA’s AppChoices application from the Android or iOS app store. Alternatively, or if you live outside of the United States (in which case you may not have access to this application), you can turn off the “Allow Apps to Request to Track” setting in your iOS settings or turn on the “opt out of interest-based ads” setting in your Android settings to limit the collection of your data for interest-based advertising. You can find additional information and more detailed instructions
here
.
To opt out of the collection of precise location data (as you use your mobile device):
You may wish to opt out of the collection of your precise location data, to the extent Publishers collect and share such data with advertising partners.  This would mean that certain data related to your online activity and general location (such as your city) could be collected, but data indicating your precise location (such as your precise GPS coordinates) could not be collected. You can do this by using the “location services” controls in your mobile device’s settings.
To opt out on a connected television (as you watch TV on apps):
You may be able to opt out of the collection of data for interest-based advertising on your connected or “smart” TV or set top box by visiting your device’s settings menu. You can find additional information and more detailed instructions
here
.
6.
What are cookies and how do we use them?
What are cookies?
A cookie is a very small text document, containing a string of characters that uniquely identifies your web browser. Cookies are created when your browser loads a particular website. The website sends information to the browser which then creates a text file. This allows the browser to remember the websites you visit, and that information is shared with other parties such as our Advertising Partners. This also allows us to collect information about your browsing habits over time in order to facilitate interest-based advertising and make advertising more relevant to you and your interests, as described throughout this Privacy Policy.
In other words, when you visit a Publisher’s website or a digital property, we may assign a random, unique identifier, specific to OpenX, to your browser or device.  Using that OpenX identifier, our Ad Exchange can automatically recognize your browser or device the next time it visits another website or digital property owned by a Publisher we work with.  This means that, over time, our Ad Exchange can track your online activity to learn about your online browsing behavior and preferences. The Publishers and Advertising Partners we work with can also map their own unique identifiers against our OpenX identifier via a process called “cookie syncing,” so that they can use data they have collected independently on our Ad Exchange. In the case of Advertising Partners, the aggregated insights cookie syncing facilitates may influence their decision to bid (or not bid) on opportunities to advertise products or services to you. For example, certain Advertising Partners may be more willing to serve you an advertisement for a particular product if they know, via insights learned from cookie syncing, that you have seen and clicked on advertisements for the same or similar products in the past.
We also use cookies for frequency capping, meaning that we may use data they collect to limit the number of times you see an advertisement, as well as to help measure the effectiveness of our Advertising Partners’ advertising campaigns. Find out more about the use of cookies on
https://www.aboutidentifiers.org
.
What cookies do we use?
Cookie ‘i’
–
this is the user / market cookie. It includes a random string created to recognize your device for the purpose of delivering advertisements, as well as the timestamp of the string’s creation. By matching this cookie with data collected by Advertising Partners, we and our Advertising Partners can deliver more relevant ads to you. This cookie is stored on your device for 1 year and is refreshed for the next year on each bid request.
Cookie ‘pd’
–
this cookie stores information about which other third parties the user cookie (‘i’ cookie) has been synced with to reduce the amount of user matching done on your device.
This cookie is stored on your device for 15 days.
Cookie ‘OX_dnt’
– this cookie acts as a flag which we set if you indicate that you want to opt-out of interest-based advertising. Please see the information above on opting out of interest-based advertising. This cookie is stored on your device for 5 years.
Third parties
Third parties, such as our Publishers and Advertising Partners, may also serve cookies on your computer or mobile device to facilitate advertising, analytics, and other functions. They may also use information about your visits to different online properties to provide you with more relevant advertisements and measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns. We do not have access to or control over these cookies and encourage you to review the privacy and cookie policies of any companies you engage with online to find out about their data collection practices, including how they may use cookies.
7.
What choices and rights do you have with respect to the data we process?
Depending on the country or state where you live, you have different legal rights with respect to your personal data and how we may process it. We’ve provided more detail on these rights for consumers in the UK/EEA and certain U.S. states below, but you can always contact us
here
to learn more.
UK/EEA based individuals
UK- and EEA-based individuals have the right to ask us for a copy of your personal data; to correct, delete or restrict our processing of your personal data; and to obtain the personal data we have collected from you in a structured, machine readable format. In addition, you can object to the processing of your personal data in some circumstances (in particular, where we don’t have to process the data to meet a contractual or other legal requirement).
These rights may be limited, for example if fulfilling your request would reveal personal data about another person, or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law or have compelling legitimate interests to keep. If you have unresolved concerns, you have the right to complain to a data protection authority where you live, work or believe a breach has taken place. You’ll find contact details for your data protection authority
here
if you are an EEA based individual or
here
if you are a UK based individual.
If you would like to exercise any of the rights listed above, please reach us
here
.
U.S. based individuals
Residents of certain U.S. states may exercise one or more of the following rights regarding your personal data, subject to certain exceptions and limitations:
The right to confirm whether we have processed your personal data.
The
right to know and access, in a portable format that is accessible to you, the categories and specific pieces of personal data we collect, use, share, and sell about you, the categories of sources from which we collected your personal data, our purposes for collecting, using, sharing, and selling your personal data, the categories of your personal data that we have shared or sold for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties with which we have shared or sold your personal data. Oregon residents also have the right to obtain a list of third parties (other than our service providers) to which we have disclosed personal data.
The right to correct inaccuracies related to the personal data we have collected from or about you.
The right to request that we delete the personal data we have collected from or about you.
The right to opt out of our processing and sharing of your personal data for purposes of interest-based advertising, also called “cross-context behavioral advertising” or “targeted advertising,” which our services facilitate, as well as the right to opt out of our sales of your personal data.
The right not to be discriminated or retaliated against for exercising any of these data rights.
Certain states provide residents with additional rights related to “sensitive” personal data. OpenX may process limited personal data related to children within our Child-Safe Marketplace, and this data may be considered “sensitive” in certain states. You can learn more about data processing within our Child-Safe Marketplace in our
Child-Safe Marketplace Privacy Policy
. Other than as detailed in our Child-Safe Marketplace Privacy Policy, OpenX does not knowingly collect sensitive personal data as a business, data controller, or equivalent entity.
To exercise any of the above rights, please reach us
here
or call us at (855) 231-3834 . You may be asked to submit verifying information in certain circumstances, as described below. Depending on your state, if you have submitted a request that we have not fulfilled, you may appeal our decision by contacting us
here
.
Verification Process and Required Information
:
Because most of the information we store is linked only to online identifiers, and cannot identify your name or contact information, we may need to request additional information from you to verify your identity or understand the scope of your request. Such additional information may include your online identifier (e.g., your cookie or mobile advertising ID), your state of residence, and some proof that the devices that have the cookie or mobile advertising ID you provide are yours, such as a screenshot of the applicable cookie or of a screen that displays the mobile advertising ID or other documentation that can verify you.
Authorized Agent
:
You may designate an authorized agent to make a data subject request on your behalf by verifying your identity and providing written permission to your agent to make the request for you.
Minors’ Personal Data
:
We do not sell the personal data of consumers that we know to be under 18 years of age or share such data for purposes of interest-based advertising (also known as “targeted” or “cross-context behavioral” advertising).
Collection, Sharing, and Sale of Personal Data:
In the last 12 months, we collected the categories of personal data described above in the “
What personal data do we collect?
” section of this Privacy Policy, which correspond to the following categories of personal data under California law: (1) personal and online identifiers; (2) commercial or transactions information; (3) Internet or other electronic network activity information; (4) geolocation information; (4) inferences about your predicted characteristics and preferences; and (5) other information about you that is linked to the “personal information” or “personal data” we collect.
In the last 12 months, we collected these categories of personal data from Publishers, Advertising Partners, service providers (e.g., fraud prevention services), and third party data providers (e.g., consumer data resellers).
In the last 12 months, we collected personal data for our commercial and business purposes, as described in more detail above in the “
Why do we collect, use, and store this personal data?
” section of this Privacy Policy. As described in that section, we sell and share personal data for interest-based advertising purposes (also known as “cross-context behavioral” or “targeted” advertising). However, we do not sell or use personal data for profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects on you.
In the last 12 months, we sold, shared, or disclosed personal data we collected to the categories of third parties described above in the “
How and to whom do we share your personal data?
” section of this Privacy Policy. In particular, we “sold” (as a “sale” is defined under state privacy laws) or shared for interest-based advertising purposes each category of personal data we collected to Advertising Partners and third party data providers (e.g., consumer data resellers). We also disclosed each category of personal data we collected with our service providers and affiliates as well as, in limited instances, governmental entities for our business purposes.
In the last 12 months, we stored and retained personal data in accordance with the retention periods described below in the “
How long do we retain your personal data
” section of this Privacy Policy.
Information About Past Year’s California Requests:
In 2023, with respect to requests from California residents submitted under the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended (“
CCPA
”), OpenX:
Received 26 requests to know or access, complied with all of them in an average of 34 days and a median of 42 days, and denied none of them.
Received 32 requests to delete, complied with all of them in an average of 18 days and a median of 23 days, and denied none of them.
Received 58 unique requests to opt-out, complied with all of them in an average of 15 days and a median of 15 days, and denied none of them.
Received 8 requests that did not provide a specific type of request, responded to all of them in an average of 17 days and a median of 17 days, and denied none of them.
In some instances, although we have not denied a request, we cannot fully complete the data subject’s requested action due to an inability to connect the data in our systems to the data provided by the data subject. In such instances, we request additional information from the data subject to attempt to verify the request.
8.
How long do we retain your personal data?
We may keep each data point we collect about you for a maximum of 90 days from the last date that we received it.  For example, if we collect data indicating that you visited a particular website on day 0, we may keep that data until day 90 (at the latest) unless we collect data indicating that you visited that particular website again within that initial 90 day period (in which case, the 90 day clock would reset). For most categories of data, this is limited to 14 days.
Additionally, we’ve set retention limits on the cookies that may be set on your devices. In particular, the market cookie (“i”) used for OpenX’s device recognition is set to remain on your device for a maximum of one year, while the cookie implemented to recognize your opt-out from interest-based advertising is set to last for five years, should you choose to opt out.
9.
What if we update this privacy policy?
We reserve the right to update this Privacy Policy at any time.  If we do so, we will post the updated policy here and update the “Last Updated” date. We may also notify you in other ways from time to time about the processing of your personal data.
10.
How can you contact us?
If you are a UK or EEA based individual, the data controller for your personal data is OpenX Poland Sp. z o.o.
If you are a U.S. based individual, the business, data controller, or equivalent entity that controls how your data may be processed is OpenX Technologies Inc.
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy or wish to contact us for any reason in relation to our personal data processing, you can contact us
here
.
If you are a UK or EEA based individual, you can also reach us at:
OpenX Poland sp. z o.o.
Attention: Legal Department
Aleja 29 Listopada 20
31-401 Krakow
Poland
If you are an U.S. based individual, you can also reach us at:
OpenX Technologies Inc.
Attention: Legal Department
177 E. Colorado Blvd., #3039
Pasadena, CA 91105
United States
You may also contact our data protection officer at
dpo@openx.com
or by calling us at (855) 231-3834.
Sub-policy 15
https://www.outbrain.com/legal/privacy:
Outbrain and Teads
Close Agreement to Merge
Learn More
Privacy Center
Download
PRIVACY POLICY
Last Updated 30 October 2023
Outbrain is committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) governs Outbrain’s use of data collected by us, including any and all personal data. Personal data is information that relates to you and may identify you as an individual. We use your personal data in line with all applicable laws. To ensure compliance and to align with Outbrain’s values around trust and transparency we have a team of privacy champions responsible for continuously implementing our global privacy program.
1. Who we are, What we do, How you can contact Outbrain, our DPO or the relevant authorities
Who we are:
This privacy policy applies to Outbrain Inc., a Delaware, USA corporation with headquarters in New York; and its affiliated subsidiaries (collectively, “Outbrain,” or “we“, “us“, “our“). We operate in various offices around the world and we partner with publishers and marketers across the globe.
Please note that Outbrains’ subsidiary Outbrain DSP (formerly Zemanta) Inc has a separate Privacy Policy, which can be found
here
.
What we do:
Outbrain’s mission is to serve interesting recommendations to you based on what we believe are your interests. To achieve our mission we enter into agreements with:
online publishers and partners who want to recommend relevant content to their readers (this is
Outbrain Engage
);
advertisers who want readers to view their content (this is
Outbrain Amplify
); and
third party partners who help us serve relevant recommendations.
For further information on our Amplify (advertiser) services see
here
and our Engage (publisher) services see
here
.
How to contact us:
We regularly review our compliance with this Privacy Policy. Questions, comments and requests regarding this Privacy Policy are welcomed and should be addressed in the first instance to
privacy@outbrain.com
or by mail to
Outbrain Inc., 111 West 19th Street, 3rd Floor, New York, NY 10011, USA, Attn: Privacy Questions
.
If Outbrain does not satisfactorily answer your questions or concerns, you may also contact the following for advice, support or complaints:
Outbrain’s Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) at
dpo@outbrain.com
; and/or
the
Information Commissioner’s Office
, which is Outbrain’s lead supervisory authority within the European Territories.
2. Alliances and Adherence
We adhere to the Self-Regulatory Principles set forth by the
Digital Advertising Alliance
(DAA) and the
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance
(EDAA);
We are members in good standing of the
Network Advertising Initiative
(NAI), an association dedicated to responsible data collection and its use for digital advertising as well as the
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada
(DAAC) AdChoices Program. We also adhere to the NAI Code of Conduct for Web and Mobile. Outbrain also adheres to the Interactive Advertising Bureau’s (IAB) Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising, and the IAB Europe OBA Framework; and
We are also TAG Brand Safety Certified
here
.
3. Outbrain User Types (including Opt Out Options)
Much of this Privacy Policy is divided into sections based on the way you may interact with Outbrain. You are either a Site Visitor, a User and/or a Business Partner (as defined below). Please determine what user type you are. For each user type we’ve explained what information we collect and why, what cookies and other similar technologies we use, how we share such information and your rights.
Site Visitors:
You are a Site Visitor when you visit and interact with our web sites, web pages, interactive features, blogs and their respective contents at Outbrain.com (or any derivation, such as Outbrain.co.uk; Outbrain.fr; outbrain.de etc.) (“
Our Sites
“).
See more here.
(a) What information we collect and why
We want to understand what services on Our Sites interest you and we want to remind you about the services we offer when you are not on Our Sites. In order to do this, we collect the following information from your device: (i) IP address; (ii) User Agent data: device type (e.g., iPhone), browser type (e.g., Chrome), operating system (e.g., iOS); (iii) the pages visited on Our Sites (e.g., the Outbrain “About” page); (iv) the time of visit (and corresponding time zone); and (v) referring URLs and other information normally transmitted in HTTP requests (e.g. information telling us how you arrived on Our Sites).
In addition, we may also collect your name and email address if you agree to send your details to us via Our Sites (e.g., by signing up to receive our newsletter).
(b) What cookies and other similar technologies we use
Please see this
Cookie Table
, which is updated from time to time, under the section “Site Visitors” for a detailed list of first and third party cookies (and their corresponding retention periods) that may be used when you visit Our Sites.
(c) How we may share information
Sharing Information we learn about you on Our Sites
We do not sell and/or share personal data about you with third parties for third party marketing or advertising purposes. We may use various third parties (each listed on the
Cookie Table
) to help us market or advertise to you. We require that these third parties and companies agree to comply with all applicable data protection laws, keep all information shared with them confidential and to use the information only to perform their obligations to us. We do this by entering into agreements with all third parties who process personal data. If you post on our blog, your comment and information will be publicly available. Please contact
support@outbrain.com
to remove your comment.
Using Third Party Services on Our Sites
Our Sites contain links to other websites that we do not own or operate. We do not control, recommend or endorse the content, products, services, privacy policies or practices of these third party websites. For example, on Our Sites you will notice clickable icons which take you to the Outbrain Facebook page or the Outbrain LinkedIn page. If you choose to click on these links, you should know that these sites are not owned or operated by Outbrain and therefore these third party websites may send their own cookies to your device and they may independently collect personal data. It is therefore important that you get familiar with the privacy policies of these third party websites.
Also see the
Sharing
section of this Privacy Policy.
(d) Your rights
Our
Terms of Use
govern your use of Our Sites and apply to you when you interact with Our Sites. You can stop using Our Sites at any time. If you do, you may also want to remove any cookies that we have placed on any device used to access Our Sites, you can do this via your browser. If during your use of Our Sites you provided your email address, any email you receive from Outbrain includes an “unsubscribe” option. In addition, you may also opt-out of direct marketing by emailing
support@outbrain.com
.
For Site Visitors in the European Territory, Outbrain has implemented a consent management platform (powered by
OneTrust
) on Our Sites that provides you with the opportunity to consent, or not consent, to cookies and similar tracking technologies. Upon accessing Our Sites, you will see a banner in the centre of the page with information about the cookies we use. You may click the banner to reject any cookies (for example, performance cookies or targeting cookies) that are not strictly necessary cookies (as defined in the Cookie Table). By pressing “I Accept” on the banner you are indicating your acceptance to cookies and similar tracking technologies. Outbrain’s lawful basis for processing personal data of European Territory Site Visitors on Our Sites is consent. You may withdraw your consent at any time by clicking this button:
Cookies Settings
. In respect of all other Site Visitors not located in European Territories, we rely on our legitimate interest for processing any personal data however, this does not preclude non-European Territory Site Visitors from withdrawing consent at any time via our consent management platform.
Users:
You are a User when you visit a page of a website or application of one of Outbrain’s partners where the Outbrain widget is installed or our recommendations are placed (“Partner Sites”). For example, if you visit
https://news.sky.com/uk
,
www.spiegel.de
or
www.cnn.com
, the Outbrain widget is implemented on those websites. You know you are engaging with an Outbrain widget when you see text referencing Outbrain (e.g., “Recommended by Outbrain”, “by Outbrain” near recommendations If you click on the hyperlinked reference to Outbrain you will see a
detailed notice
that enables you to navigate to
Outbrain’s Interest Portal
and this Privacy Policy where you can opt out of personalized recommendations. In some instances, a partner may have white-label Outbrain’s service for their own offering. In such an event, such partners must disclose their use of Outbrain in their privacy policies.
Example of an Outbrain Widget
See more here
.
(a) What information we collect and why
We use UUIDs, IP Address and other Usage Information so that we can serve interesting recommendations. Outbrain’s recommendations may be paid for by an advertiser linking you to a new website or they may be organic such that the link is to another page on the same Partner’s Site. Outbrain may use high-level health interest categories to serve recommendations, that you can find
here
.
UUID
When you, as a User, first visit a Partner Site (e.g., CNN.com), Outbrain drops a cookie on your device in order to generate a UUID. Alternatively, if you first interact with a Partner using that Partner’s application, Outbrain receives your advertiser ID which is assigned to you by your device. We catalogue and analyze the content you consume across Partner Sites. Our recommendations are based on: (i) a UUIDs browsing history; (ii) similar browsing patterns of other Users; (iii) recommendations that are generally popular with Outbrain’s audience at this time; (iv) some randomness, and (v) targeting requirements that may be provided or requested by our Amplify clients. As an example, Outbrain may know that UUID 123 (which could be you on your iPhone X on The Guardian using Chrome as your browser) likes to read about far away holiday destinations and that people who like to read about far away holiday destinations also like to read about exotic food. When you interact with Outbrain we do not collect traditional personal data from you, like your email address or name, therefore we cannot associate your name with your UUID (for example, we do not know that John Smith, who is also UUID 123, likes to read about far away holiday destinations).
The UUID is a sequence of numbers and/or letters. This UUID attaches itself to your device and varies depending on your browser combination. In other words, Outbrain records a different UUID depending on which device and/or which browser you use when accessing the Partner Sites. For example, you will have one UUID when you visit a Partner Site from your mobile phone using the browser Safari, and a different UUID when you visit a Partner Site from your iPad using the browser Safari. Outbrain will combine and consolidate a UUID from a mobile device (handheld or tablet) from a browser that then accesses an application (or vice versa) from that same device. Outbrain does not conduct cross device tracking and therefore cannot link a user interacting with Outbrain on their phone as the same user who is interacting with Outbrain on their desktop.
IP Address
In addition to your UUID, we recognise your IP address, which we translate into geolocation and delete the last octet in order to mask the identifying information. We then use this masked information, in conjunction with information we received from other trusted third party partners (such as MaxMind) to determine a broad understanding of where you are located (e.g., New York). Outbrain will still recognise your IP address even if you opt out of personalised tracking as this is necessary to continue serving you context-based recommendations however, in such instances your IP address is not associated with your UUID and would not form part of any user profile.
Other Usage Information
In addition to your UUID and IP address, we also collect the following information from you on (a) desktop and mobile web: (i) User Agent data: device type (e.g., iPhone), browser type (e.g., chrome), operating system (e.g. iOS); (ii) the pages visited; (iii) the time of visit; and (iv) referring URLs and other information normally transmitted in HTTP requests. The above statistical information provides us with information about how many Users visited a specific page on our Partner Sites on which the Outbrain widget is installed, how long each User stayed on that page, the type of content on that page they clicked on and how they generally engaged with that page; and (b) on applications (i) application version (as it appears in App Store or Play Store); (ii) application ID or package name (as it appears in the App Store or Play Store); (iii) operating system ( e.g. IOS or Android); (iii) operating system version; and (iv) device model (e.g. iPhone X).This information is considered personal data if Outbrain associates it with a UUID.
As Outbrain does not have a direct relationship with Users interacting with Partner Sites, Outbrain relies on its partners to determine the lawful basis upon which Outbrain can process personal data. Each partner site relies on either
(b) What cookies and other similar technologies we use
Outbrain cookies
Please see the
Cookie Table
under “Users” for a detailed list of the First Party Cookies we use when you interact with Partner Sites where the Outbrain technology is implemented.
Outbrain pixels
In addition to Outbrain’s visible widget on Partner Sites, certain Outbrain advertisers may implement the Outbrain pixel on their websites. The Outbrain pixel determines whether the User reaching the page where the pixel is installed has an Outbrain UUID in order to provide reporting to advertisers in respect of their particular campaign. If there is a UUID associated with such end user, Outbrain allows advertisers to either retarget those UUIDs and/or provides advertisers with the total number of Users (on an aggregated and anonymised basis) that reached a particular page (for example, an advertiser does not know that UUID1234 converted but only that 1 conversion took place). Outbrain does not pass its advertisers any personal data (including your UUID) or collect any further personal data via the pixel. Outbrain does not combine information received from the Outbrain pixel information with a UUID’s profile (for example, Outbrain only tracks that 1 conversion has taken place and not the UUID123 has converted when it reaches the advertiser’s chosen page). We require advertisers to disclose the usage of the Outbrain pixel on their own websites.Outbrain may also allow certain trusted third party partners to collect data via cookies delivered through the Outbrain widget. In such cases, Outbrain does not pass these third parties the data which Outbrain collects on its Users but allows such third parties to directly collect data (including personal data) via the widget for fraud and/or security purposes or in order to provide measurement information to advertisers (such as the number of conversions and/or impressions). Any such collection shall be governed by such third parties privacy policy.
Third party pixels
If you click on a link to one of our recommendations, the advertiser sponsoring the recommendation may place cookies (or third party cookies of third parties acting on the advertiser’s behalf) on your device either through redirects prior to arriving on the destination page of the recommendations or upon reaching the destination page. Such cookies are dropped for the purposes of providing analytics to the advertiser with regards to the advertiser’s campaign (for example, to see how many users viewed the advertiser’s campaign). We require our advertisers to disclose the use of third party pixels and/or cookies to end users via their website. As these cookies and/or pixels are added at the sole discretion of our advertisers you will be subject to that advertiser’s privacy notice and/or privacy policy.
Third Party Segments
Outbrain’s policy restricts targeting based on sensitive demographics like political views due to privacy concerns and the potential for bias. However, based on Outbrain’s third-party targeting options available to our advertisers, Outbrain may use third-party standard politics related segments
t
hat may indicate general political sentiment, interest in specific political issues, and political party affiliation. Outbrain does not knowingly create segments that are based upon what we consider to be sensitive information (for example, Personal Data revealing your racial or ethnic origin or your religious affiliations, or Personal Data concerning your sensitive health information, sex life or sexual orientation, or genetic or biometric data).
(c) How we may share information
Our Partners
Outbrain does not share and/or sell a User’s entire profiles with any third parties. However, we may share certain elements of a user profile (for example, UUID) with the following partners, including:
Brand safety, analytics and fraud partners;
Demand Side Platforms (DSP) and Supply Side Platforms (SSP);
Ad Exchanges and/or Networks; and
Demand Management Platforms.
Please see
here
for a list of some of our trusted partners. In addition, we may collect and/ or share some personal data with trusted partners by virtue of participating in the OpenRTB. Many of these partners are registered as IAB TCF Global Vendors and can be found
here
.
(d) Your rights
Outbrain opt out on desktop and mobile web
You may opt out of Outbrain’s personalized recommendations (or, if you have opted out and would like to opt back in) at any time by moving the toggle below. You may also opt out of personalized recommendations via Outbrain’s
Interest Profile
which is a website that provides a general visualization of the data Outbrain knows about you and may use to make its recommendations.
Outbrain opt out on apps
In order to opt-out of Outbrain’s recommendations on your mobile applications you can follow the steps below:
iOS Devices: Settings > Privacy > Advertising > Limit Ad Tracking
Android Devices: Google Settings App > Ads > Opt Out of Interest-based Advertising
Please note that an opt out via our Interest Profile and/or this Privacy Policy will not opt you out of personalised tracking on your applications. This opt out must be done via your device settings.
Additional Opt-Out Options
You may also opt out of receiving personalized ads served by us or other advertising companies through industry powered tools such as the NAI or the various DAA-based pages (DAA,
http://www.aboutads.info/choices
; DAAC,
www.youradchoices.ca/choices
, and/or EDAA
www.youronlinechoices.eu
). Visiting the NAI, DAA, DAAC, or EDAA consumer choice pages allows you to opt out of all some or all of the participating members’ services. Like Outbrain’s opt out, these opt outs do not mean you will no longer receive any advertising, the advertisements will just not be tailored to you. You will continue to receive advertisements, for example, based on the particular website that you are viewing (i.e.,
contextually based ads
). Also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you visit the DAA, DAAC or EDAA consumer choice pages, your opt out may not be effective as our opt out is cookie based.
IMPORTANT INFORMATION
Even though you have opted out of Outbrain’s personalised recommendations:
You will still see Outbrain recommendations.
Opting out of Outbrain personalization tracking does not mean you will no longer receive recommendations from Outbrain. Instead, it means that Outbrain’s recommendations will not be personalized (i.e. they will be context based recommendations).
Your opt out will be cookie based and device/browser specific.
If you browse the web from several devices and/or browsers, you will need to opt out from each device and/or browser to ensure that we prevent personalization tracking on all of them. For the same reason, if you buy a new device, change browsers or delete (or clear) the opt out cookie, you will need to opt-out again. Opting out of personalization tracking is not the same as blocking cookies.
You must not opt in to Outbrain for at least 21 days as the deletion of your profile is tied to your UUID
.
Your opt out from Outbrain’s personalized recommendations is effective immediately. However, if your browser permits local storage and you opt into Outbrain’s personalized recommendations (for example, by accepting a cookie banner) within 21 days of your opt out, it is possible your prior profile will be reconnected to your UUID. If you do not opt in within 21 days, your profile will be deleted and cannot be recovered.
As with most opt out cookies, the Outbrain browser opt out relies upon a cookie.
The opt-out cookie is intended to be persistent to honor the user’s preferences. However, the “Intelligent Tracking Prevention” feature in iOS11 may impact the persistence of cookies across websites post a 24 hour window. We suggest using another browser or considering blocking all 3rd party cookies from the browser so that you are “opted out” without needing to rely on any company’s actual opt out methodology.
Your local storage will not be cleared.
Even though you have opted out of Outbrain’s personalised recommendations your local storage will not be automatically cleared and therefore you need to clear this at a browser level in addition to your opt out.
Business Partners:
You are a Business Partner when you register (or email with Outbrain) on behalf of the company you work for to use the Outbrain Amplify or Outbrain Engage Services.
See more here
.
(a) What information we collect and why
You may provide certain personal data (such as email address) when you sign up for the Amplify or Engage services or otherwise communicate or interact with us. If you apply to become a Business Partner, we may request additional information from you via advertiser application forms, insertion orders and other forms. We automatically collect information about your username’s actions in the Outbrain dashboard. As an example, as an Amplify Business Partner if you change the cost-per-click for one your campaigns, Outbrain’s audit trail will have a record of all those actions.
We collect and process the personal data above in order to perform our obligations under our agreement as a Business Partner (or prospective Business Partner) with you including to:
respond to your questions and requests;
to provide you with access to certain functions and features of our Amplify or Engage services (e.g., to provide and maintain your dashboard account);
verify your identity; and
communicate with you about your account, our products, and available promotions relevant to your use of the Amplify or Engage service.
(b) What cookies and other similar technologies we use
Please see this
Cookie Table
under “Business Partners” for a detailed list of First and Third Party cookies (and their corresponding retention periods) we use with Business Partners.
(c) How we may share information with anyone
We may disclose certain Business Partner information to vendors, contractors, or others who assist Outbrain in delivering the services (e.g., credit card processing). Also see the
Sharing
section of this Privacy Policy.
(d) Your rights
If as a Business Partner you wish to verify, correct, update or request the deactivation of your information, you may go to the Outbrain dashboard in order to edit your profile preferences or contact us at
support@outbrain.com
. If you are receiving Outbrain emails, you may “unsubscribe” using a link in the email. Note that unsubscribing shall not opt you out of notifications critical to providing the Amplify or Engage services (e.g., email invoices).
(e) Lawful Basis
Outbrain’s lawful basis for processing personal data of Business Partners is contractual.
4. Security Measures, Transfers Outside the EEA, Sharing and Data Retention
Security
Outbrain has a dedicated security team. We maintain tight controls over the personal data we collect, retaining it in firewalled and secured databases with strictly limited and controlled access rights, to ensure it is secure. Please see our
security standards
for more information.
Business Partners have access to certain password-protected features of the Amplify or Engage service. Business Partners are responsible for keeping this password confidential and for ensuring the same for their employees and/or their agents. Please remember that, unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is never completely secure. A common Internet scam is known as “spoofing” or “phishing.” This occurs when you receive an email from what appears to be a legitimate source requesting personal data from you. Please be aware that we will not send you any emails requesting you to verify credit card, bank information, or any other personal data. If you ever receive an email that appears to be from us requesting such information from you, do not respond to it, and do not click on any links appearing in the email. Instead, please forward the email to us at
legal@outbrain.com
, as we will investigate instances of possible Internet fraud.
Data Transfers Outside the EU/EEA
When we transfer personal data from the European Economic Area (EEA) we will ensure such transfers are in compliance with relevant data protection laws, including, if applicable, EU Standard Contractual Clauses, or a European Commission positive adequacy decision under Article 25(6) of Directive 95/46/EC or Article 45 of the GDPR. In other words, your rights and protections remain with your data and we used approved contractual clauses and other measures designed to ensure that the recipients of your personal data protect it. Outbrain has in place the Standard Contractual Clauses between Outbrain entities to govern the transfer of data outside of the EEA.
Sharing
In addition to the description of how we may disclose your personal data for each user type, we may also disclose personal data as follows:
Within the family of companies controlled by Outbrain for internal reasons, primarily for business and operational purposes;
If we go through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your personal data will likely be among the assets transferred;
When legally required to do so (e.g., to cooperate with law enforcement investigations or other legal proceedings); and/or
To respond to a genuine emergency.
In addition, we combine your personal data with those of other users in order to share trend information and aggregate user statistics with third parties, always in aggregated and anonymized form.
Data Retention
The retention period for each of the cookies Outbrain uses (whether our own or on our behalf by third parties) is stated in the
Cookie Table
. More specifically, the Outbrain cookie (Obuid),which is used for tracking user actions such as clicks, expires three (3) months after a user visited a particular site within our network however, this cookie will reset if a user returns to the same site or different site within our network. In addition, we do not retain any individual data point on a User for more than 13 months. For example, if UUID 123 read an article on December 31, 2018, on February 1, 2019 that article will no longer be part of UUID 123’s profile. Outbrain also maintains a Data Retention Policy that details the retention period for personal data based on our analysis of how long the specific data is reasonably required for legal or business purposes. When we no longer need personal data, we securely delete or destroy it. Aggregated data, which cannot identify a device/browser (or individual) and is used for purposes of reporting and analysis, is maintained for as long as commercially necessary.
5. Children and Sensitive Data
Children
None of our services are intentionally directed at children under 16. We do not knowingly collect personal data from anyone under 16 years of age. If we determine upon collection that a Site Visitor, a User or a Business Partner is under 16, we will not use or maintain his/her personal data. If we become aware that we have unknowingly collected personal data from a child under the age of 16, we will make reasonable efforts to delete such information from our records. If you’re a kid, please go play in the yard, don’t use or interact with Outbrain!
Sensitive data
We do not collect or receive any sensitive categories of personal data.
6. European Territory Visitors
In compliance with certain privacy laws, in particular the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), Outbrain provides specific additional rights for individuals who interact with Outbrain such as the right to access, rectification, right to object, to complaint, erasure and blockage. More specifically and under certain circumstances:
the right to request information about whether and which personal data is processed by us, and the right to demand that personal data is rectified or amended.
the right to request that personal data should be deleted.
the right to demand that the processing of personal data should be restricted.
withdraw your consent to the processing and use of your data completely or partially at any time with future application.
have the right to obtain your personal data in a common, structured and mechanically readable format.
contact our data protection officer if there are any questions, comments, complaints or requests in connection with our statement on data protection and the processing of your personal data.
the right to complain to the responsible supervisory authority if believed that the processing of your personal data is in violation of the legislation.
In addition to the above, we reference certain rights for European Territory citizens throughout this Privacy Policy. Pursuant to the GDPR, citizens from “European Territories” mean the European Economic Area (EEA), the European Free Trade Area (EFTA) and Switzerland. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, the term “European Territories” shall continue to include the United Kingdom, even after the United Kingdom leaves the European Economic Area following Brexit. If you are in the UK, or the European Economic Areas, the controller of your data is Outbrain UK Limited.
Please email
Privacy@outbrain.com
with any questions about exercising any of the above rights.
7. California Privacy Rights
This section applies only to California residents. It describes how we collect, use and share Personal Information of California residents in operating our business, and their rights with respect to that Personal Information. For purposes of this section, “ Personal Information” has the meaning given in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“ CCPA”) but does not include information exempted from the scope of the CCPA.
(a) Your California privacy rights.
As a California resident, you have the rights listed below. However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases we may decline your request as permitted by law.
Information.
You can request the following information about how we have collected and used your Personal Information during the past 12 months:
The categories of Personal Information that we have collected.
The categories of sources from which we collected Personal Information.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting and/or selling Personal Information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share Personal Information.
Whether we have disclosed your Personal Information for a business purpose, and if so, the categories of Personal Information received by each category of third party recipient.
Whether we’ve sold your Personal Information, and if so, the categories of Personal Information received by each category of third party recipient.
Access
.
You can request a copy of the Personal Information that we have collected about you during the past 12 months.
Deletion.
You can ask us to delete the Personal Information that we have collected from you.
Opt-out of sales
.
If we sell your Personal Information, you can opt-out. In addition, if you direct us not to sell your Personal Information, we will consider it a request pursuant to California’s “Shine the Light” law to stop sharing your personal information covered by that law with third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
Opt-in.
We contractually prohibit our publishing and advertising clients from placing our technology on pages that target individuals younger than 16 years old. If we learn that you are younger than 16 years old, we will asking for your permission (or if you are younger than 13 years old, your parent or guardian’s permission) to sell your Personal Information before we do so.
Non discrimination.
You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination. This means that we will not penalize you for exercising your rights by taking actions such as denying you services; increasing the price/rate of services; decreasing service quality; or suggesting that we may penalize you as described above for exercising your rights.
(b) How to exercise your rights
You may exercise your California privacy rights described above as follows:
Right to information, access and deletion
. You can request to exercise your information, access and deletion rights by:
calling us toll free on 1-866-I-OPT-OUT and entering service code 253# to leave us a message.
emailing
privacy@outbrain.com
Right to opt-out of the “sale” of your Personal Information
. We do not sell your Personal Information in the conventional sense (i.e., for money). However, like many companies, we use services that help deliver interest-based ads to you. California law classifies our use of these services as a “sale” of your Personal Information to the companies that provide the services. This is because we allow them to collect information from our website users (e.g., online identifiers and browsing activity) so they can help serve ads more likely to interest you. To opt-out from this “sale”, click on this
link
which will take you to our Interest Profile where you can opt out of personalised recommendations.
We will need to confirm your identity and California residency to process your requests to exercise your information, access or deletion rights. We cannot process your request if you do not provide us with sufficient detail to allow us to understand and respond to it.
(c) Personal information that we collect, use and share
The chart below summarizes how we collect, use and share Personal Information by reference to the statutory categories specified in the CCPA, and describes our practices during the 12 months preceding the effective date of this Privacy Policy. Categories in the chart refer to the categories described above in the general section of this Privacy Policy.
Outbrain User Type
Statutory category of personal information (PI)
(click for details)
Source of the PI
Purpose for collection
How we may share, disclose or “sell” information.
Site Visitors
Identifiers
Online Identifiers
Geolocation Data
Inferences
Internet or Network Information
Site Visitor
See Section 2(a) (Site Visitors).
See Section 2(c) (Site Visitors).
Users
Identifiers
Online Identifiers
Geolocation Data
Inferences
Internet or Network Information
Users
See Section 2(a) (Users).
See Section 2(c) (Users).
Business Partners
Identifiers
Financial Information
Business Partners
See Section 2(a) (Business Partners).
See Section 2(c) (Business Partners).
8. “Do Not Track” Disclosure
Some browsers transmit Do Not Track (DNT) signals to websites. Because there is no common understanding of how to interpret the DNT signal, Outbrain does not currently alter, change, or respond to DNT requests or signals from these browsers. We will continue to monitor industry activity in this area and reassess our DNT practices as necessary. In the meantime, you can use the range of other tools we provide to control data collection and use, including the ability to opt out of receiving personalized recommendations in the Users section.
9. EU-US Data Protection Framework (DPF) Participation
Outbrain complies with the
EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF)
, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Outbrain has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Outbrain has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
Please click
here
to view our certification.
10. Complaint and Dispute Resolution Procedure under the DPF
Outbrain’s internal complaints mechanism
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, Outbrain commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information.  EU and UK individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF should first contact Outbrain at:
DPO@outbrain.com
You may have the right to lodge a complaint with the data protection authority of your country of residence. If you live in the UK, you can make a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO)
at this address
. If you live in the EU, you can find the relevant data protection authority
here
. To submit a complaint to the FTC, click
here
.
Independent Recourse Mechanism
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, Outbrain commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF to Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services, Inc. (JAMS), an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
JAMS
for more information or to file a complaint.  The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you. Please contact or visit the
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
for more information or to file a complaint.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Outbrain’s compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.
Arbitration
You may also be able to invoke binding arbitration for unresolved complaints but prior to initiating such arbitration, a resident of a European country (including Switzerland) participating in the DPF must first:
(1) contact us and afford us the opportunity to resolve the issue;
(2) seek assistance from
JAMS
(an independent recourse mechanism); and
(3) contact the U.S. Department of Commerce (either directly or through a European Data Protection Authority) and afford the Department of Commerce time to attempt to resolve the issue.
If such a resident invokes binding arbitration, each party shall be responsible for its own attorney’s fees. Please be advised that, pursuant to the DPF, the arbitrator(s) may only impose individual-specific, non-monetary, equitable relief necessary to remedy any violation of the DPF Principles with respect to the resident. The arbitration option may not be invoked if the individual’s same claimed violation of the Principles
(1) has previously been subject to binding arbitration;
(2) was the subject of a final judgement entered in a court action to which the individual was a party; or
(3) was previously settled by the parties.
For more details, please click
here
.
European Individual Rights Under The
DPF
Outbrain must provide you:
Information on the types of personal data collected
Information on the purposes of collection and use
Information on the type or identity of third parties to which your personal data is disclosed
Choices for limiting use and disclosure of your personal data
Access to your personal data
Notification of the organization’s liability if it transfers your personal data
Notification of the requirement to disclose your personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities
Reasonable and appropriate security for your personal data
A response to your complaint within 45 days
Cost-free independent dispute resolution to address your data protection concerns
The ability to invoke binding arbitration to address any complaint that the organization has violated its obligations under the DPF Principles to you and that has not been resolved by other means
OUTBRAIN’S
LIABILITY IN CASES OF ONWARD TRANSFERS TO THIRD PARTIES
In the context of an onward transfer, Outbrain has responsibility for the processing of personal information it receives under the DPF Principles and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf.  Outbrain remains liable under the DPF Principles if its agent processes such personal information in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless Outbrain proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
11. How This Privacy Policy May Change
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will place a prominent notice that will be visible to you as a Site Visitor or Business Partner, but we do not have a means of advising Users of an update by way of notice. You should check back here periodically to see if the Privacy Policy has been updated as we will always show the date of the latest modification of the Privacy Policy at the top of the page so you can tell when it was last revised.
Data Protection Officer (DPO)
To communicate with our Data Protection Officer, please email at
dpo@outbrain.com
or use the contact details below.
Contact us
General questions
If you have any questions or concerns about your privacy you may contact us at:
Outbrain Inc.
111 West 19th Street
3rd Floor
New York, NY 10011, USA
Attn: Privacy questions
Email:
privacy@outbrain.com
or
dpo@outbrain.com
You may also contact your local data protection authority. A list of local data protection authorities is available
here
.
Your preferences about cookies
This website uses cookies, some of which are strictly necessary for this website to operate correctly, some of which are designed to improve your experience or give us aggregated analytics about our visitors (functional and performance cookies) and some of which are for advertising, marketing and targeting purposes. You are able to make your choice below by accepting all cookies or disabling all cookies (except for strictly necessary cookies). To review your options, please click on “Cookies Settings''. For more information about how Outbrain processes your personal data and uses cookies, or to review your choices later, please refer to
Outbrain’s Privacy Policy.
Reject All
Accept Cookies
Cookies Settings
Sub-policy 16
https://policies.oath.com/in/en/oath/privacy/index.html:
Terms
Privacy Centre
Back
Privacy Centre
Topics
Products
Controls
Dashboard
Relevant Advertising
Copyright/IP
Community Guidelines
Terms
Privacy Centre
Topics
Products
Controls
Dashboard
Relevant Advertising
Copyright/IP
Community Guidelines
Welcome to the Yahoo Privacy Policy
Last updated:
3 April 2024
About Yahoo
Yahoo, previously known as Verizon Media, is a technology and media company that provides a range of services
.
We serve our consumers, partners, advertisers and talent through our portfolio of digital platforms, products and services offered under our AOL, Yahoo and other
brands
.
We provide control tools to help you manage your experience with us. If you have an existing Yahoo or AOL account, you will need to agree to this Privacy Policy.
If you have not yet agreed to this Privacy Policy, the
legacy Yahoo Privacy Policy
or
legacy Oath Privacy Policy (for AOL)
still apply to your account. For Yahoo products or services that are accessed without signing in to an account, this Privacy Policy applies to those products and services as of 25 May 2018. If you are creating a new account, the terms below apply as of today.
Our Privacy Pledge
Our commitment is to put users first.  We strive to be transparent about how we collect and use your information, to keep your information secure and to provide you meaningful choices.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information Yahoo, its affiliates and its house of global
brands
(‘Yahoo, ‘us’, ‘our’ or ‘we’) collect, why we collect it and what we do with it. This policy applies to Yahoo
brands
, websites, apps, advertising services, products, services or technologies (we’ll collectively refer to these as ‘Services’).  Additional privacy practices for certain Services can be found in
Details for specific products and services
.
Your Controls
We believe you should have tools to control your information. You can find controls to manage or review your account information, marketing preferences, location data and search history at
Privacy Controls
. Some of our Services provide additional controls and privacy practices. (
See Details for specific products and Services
)
Information Collection and Use - General
We may collect and combine information when you interact with Yahoo Services including  information outlined below.
Information You Provide to Us.
We may collect the information that you provide to us, such as:
When you create an account with a Yahoo Service or brand. (Please note, when you use our Services, we may recognize you or your devices even if you are not signed in to our Services.)  Yahoo may use device IDs, cookies, and other signals, including information obtained from third parties, to associate accounts and/or devices with you.
When you use our Services to communicate with others or post, upload or store content (such as comments, photos, voice inputs, videos, emails, messaging services and attachments).
Yahoo analyzes and stores all communications content, including email content from incoming and outgoing mail. This allows us to deliver, personalize and develop relevant features, content, advertising and Services.
When you otherwise use our Services, such as title queries, watch history, page views, search queries, view the content we make available and install any Yahoo software such as plugins.
When you sign up for paid Services, use Services that require your financial information or complete transactions with us or our business partners, we may collect your payment and billing information.
Device Information.
We collect information from your devices (computers, mobile phones, tablets, etc.), including information about how you interact with our Services and those of our third-party partners and information that allows us to recognize and associate your activity across devices and Services.  This information includes device specific identifiers and information such as
IP address
,
cookie information
, mobile device and advertising identifiers, browser version, operating system type and version, mobile network information, device settings, and software data.  We may recognize your devices to provide you with personalized experiences and advertising across the devices you use.
Location Information.
We collect location information from a variety of sources.  You can learn more about and manage your location permissions on our
Locations page
and by visiting the location settings tool on your devices.
Information from Cookies and Other Technologies
.
We collect information when you access content,
advertising
, sites, interactive widgets, applications, and other products (both on and off of our Services) where Yahoo’s data collection technologies (such as
web beacons
, development tools,
cookies and other technologies
, etc.) are present. These data collection technologies allow us to understand your activity on and off our Services and to collect and store information when you interact with Services we offer to partners.
This information includes the kind of content or ads served, viewed or clicked on; the frequency and duration of your activities; the sites or apps you used before accessing our Services and where you went next; whether you engaged with specific content or ads; and whether you went on to visit an advertiser's website, downloaded an advertiser’s app, purchased a product or service advertised, or took other actions.
Information from Others.
We collect information about you when we receive it from other users, third parties and affiliates, such as:
When you connect your account to third-party services or sign in using a third-party partner (like Facebook or Twitter).
From publicly-available sources.
From advertisers about your experiences or interactions with their offerings.
When we obtain information from third-parties or
other companies
, such as those that use our Services. This may include your activity on other sites and apps as well as information those third-parties provide to you or us.
How We Use This Information
We are able to deliver, personalise and improve our Services by combining and using the information that we have about you (including information that we receive on and off our Services) to understand how you use and interact with our Services and the people or things that you’re connected to and interested in. We also may use the information that we have about you for the following purposes:
Provide, maintain, improve, and develop relevant features, content, and Services.
Analyze your content and other information (including emails, instant messages, posts
photos, attachments, and other communications
).  You can review and control certain types of information tied to your Yahoo account by using
Privacy Controls
.
Fulfill your requests and when authorized by you.
Help advertisers and publishers connect to offer relevant advertising in their apps and websites.
Match and serve targeted advertising (across devices and both on and off of our Services) and provide
targeted advertising
based on your device activity, inferred interests and location information.
Contact you with information about your account or with marketing messages, which
you can also control
.
Associate your activity across our Services and your different devices as well as associate any accounts you may use across Yahoo Services together. We may associate activity and accounts under a single user ID.
Carry out or support
promotions
.
Conduct research and support innovation.
Create analytics and reports for external parties, including partners, publishers, advertisers, apps,
third-parties
and the public regarding the use of and trends within our Services and ads, including showing trends to partners regarding general preferences, the effectiveness of ads and information on user experiences. These analytics and reports may include aggregate or pseudonymized information.
Provide location-based Services, advertising, search results, and other content consistent with your
location settings
.
Combine information we have about you with information we obtain from business partners or
other companies
, such as your activities on other sites and apps.
Detect and defend against fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful activity.
We provide you with controls to manage your experience with us.  For example, you can review or edit your
account information
, manage your
marketing preferences
, or
opt out of targeted ads
.  If you opt out, you will continue to see ads, but they may not be as relevant or useful to you.
How We Share This Information
Yahoo shares information within its affiliated brands and companies. We also share information that we have about you for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, including to provide Services that you have requested (including when you connect with
third-party apps and widgets
). We do not sell, license or share information that individually identifies our customers with companies, organisations or individuals outside of Yahoo unless one of the following circumstances applies:
With Your Consent.
We will share information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Yahoo when we have your consent.
Within Yahoo
. Information may also be shared within Yahoo, including with other Yahoo Services and affiliates. Yahoo affiliates may use the information in a manner consistent with their privacy policies.
With Partners.
We may share your information with non-affiliated companies who are:
Trusted partners.
We provide user information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with Yahoo based on our directions and in compliance with appropriate confidentiality measures.
Learn more
.
Advertising, analytics and business partners (limited to non-personally identifiable information).
We may share aggregated or pseudonymous information (including demographic information) with partners, such as publishers, advertisers, measurement analytics, apps or
other companies
. For example, we may tell an advertiser how its ads performed or report how many people installed an app after seeing a promotion. We do not share personally identifiable information (like phone number or email address) with these partners, such as publishers, advertisers, ad agencies, or analytics partners. When you use third-party apps, websites or other products integrated with our Services, they may collect information about your activities subject to their own terms and privacy policies.
We allow
other companies
that show advertisements on our webpages or apps to collect information from your browsers or devices. Other companies' use of cookies and other data collection technologies are subject to their own privacy policies, not this one. Like many companies, we may allow cookie matching with select partners. But, these parties are not authorized to access Yahoo cookies.
For legal purposes.
We may access, preserve and disclose information to investigate, prevent or take action in connection with: (i) legal process and legal requests; (ii) enforcement of the
Terms
; (iii) claims that any content violates the rights of third parties; (iv) requests for customer service; (v) technical issues; (vi) protecting the rights, property or personal safety of Yahoo, its users or the public; (vii) establishing or exercising our legal rights or defending against legal claims; or (viii) as otherwise required by law.
This may include responding to lawful governmental requests. Learn more about how we
evaluate and respond to these requests
.
New Ownership.
If the ownership or control of all or part of Yahoo or a specific Services changes as a result of a merger, acquisition or sale of assets, we may transfer your information to the new owner.
Details for specific products and services
Additional privacy practices for certain Yahoo Services are included
here
.
Information Security and Data Retention
Yahoo has technical, administrative and physical safeguards in place to help protect against unauthorized access, use or disclosure of customer information we collect or store.
Yahoo will retain your personal information for as long as necessary to provide the applicable Yahoo Services to you. In some cases, Yahoo has certain business or legal requirements that result in an obligation to retain your personal information for an extended period of time. These obligations may include financial record keeping, ensuring continuity of our products or services, security, fraud, and abuse prevention, or compliance with our legal obligations. In some limited cases, we may keep data for longer than needed for the purposes set out in the
Yahoo Privacy Dashboard
, such as: (i) replicating or backing up certain data to “offline” storage for disaster recovery purposes; (ii) truncating, redacting or summarizing raw data, log files and database records into statistical aggregate data or probabilistic data structures to understand long term trends; (iii) maintaining de-identified data for varying periods for research, reporting and product testing or development (in these cases, unique identifiers and linkages to existing data about you are broken or removed so that this data is no longer associated with you, your browser, or device); or (iv) keeping and using certain data to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes or enforce our agreements (for example, we might keep data associated with an account subject to litigation or a request from law enforcement). For specific information about your personal information or how your personal information is processed by a particular Yahoo product or service you may interact with, please log into the
Yahoo Privacy Dashboard
.
To learn more about security, including the steps we have taken and steps you can take, please read
Security at Yahoo
.
Protecting Children’s Privacy
Our Services are for a general audience. We do not knowingly collect, use or share information that could reasonably be used to identify children under the age of 13 without prior parental consent or consistent with applicable law. With parental permission, a child under the age of 13 might have a Yahoo family account.
Data Processing and Transfers
When you use or interact with any of our Services, you consent to the data processing, sharing, transferring and uses of your information as outlined in this Privacy Policy.  Regardless of the country where you reside, you authorize us to transfer, process, store and use your information in countries other than your own in accordance with this Privacy Policy and to provide you with Services.  Some of these countries may not have the same data protection safeguards as the country where you reside.
Yahoo may process information related to individuals in the EU/EEA and may transfer that information from the EU/EEA through various compliance mechanisms, including data processing agreements based on the EU/EEA Standard Contractual Clauses.  By using our Services, you consent to us transferring information about you to these countries.  For more information, please visit our
Data Transfer
page.
Other Important Information
This Privacy Policy Applies Only to Yahoo.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Yahoo does not own or control, or to people that Yahoo does not employ or manage. In addition, some affiliated products may have different privacy policies and practices that are not subject to this Privacy Policy.
Changes
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so you should check it periodically.  If we make changes that are material we will provide you with appropriate notice before such changes take effect.
Questions & Suggestions
If you have questions, suggestions, or wish to make a complaint, please complete a
feedback form
or you can contact us at:
Yahoo India Private Limited
(CIN: U72900KA2000PTC186718)
Regd. Office: Torrey Pines, Embassy Golf Links Business Park,
Off Indiranagar-Koramangala Intermediate Ring Road,
Bangalore - 560071, Karnataka, India
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
Sub-policy 17
https://pubmatic.com/legal/privacy-policy/:
This page isn’t working
pubmatic.com
is currently unable to handle this request.
HTTP ERROR 502
Reload
pubmatic.com
is currently unable to handle this request.
Sub-policy 18
https://www.quantcast.com/privacy/:
Error
All Contracts
Quantcast Measure and Publisher Terms of Service
US Data Privacy Addendum
Key Terms
Privacy Implementation for Quantcast Publisher Partners
Privacy Implementation for Quantcast Advertiser Partners
Laws
Quantcast Partners
Quantcast Advertise Insertion Order Terms & Conditions
Campaign Policy
Quantcast Website and Corporate Privacy Policy
Quantcast Products and Services Privacy Policy
Quantcast Buyer Terms
International Data Privacy Addendum
Additional Terms
CCPA Transparency Report
Effective December 10th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
If you have an active, duly executed contract for Quantcast services (“
Existing Contract
”), the Existing Contract will govern your use of the service(s) covered in the Existing Contract instead of these Quantcast Measure Terms of Service (“
Terms
”). In addition, these Terms only apply to the Quantcast Measure service (i.e., the “
Service
” as described below) and not to any other Quantcast product or service.
Quantcast Measure Terms of Service
This Quantcast Measure Terms of Service (this
“Agreement”
)
describes the terms and conditions on which Quantcast makes Quantcast Measure (the
“Services”
)
available to you.
BY CLICKING THE “I ACCEPT” BUTTON, COMPLETING THE REGISTRATION PROCESS, USING THE SERVICES OR ENTERING INTO AN OFFLINE AGREEMENT THAT REFERENCES THIS AGREEMENT OR INCLUDES A LINK TO THIS AGREEMENT, YOU ARE AGREEING TO BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU ARE ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF A COMPANY OR OTHER LEGAL ENTITY, YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU HAVE THE AUTHORITY TO BIND SUCH ENTITY, IN WHICH CASE THE TERMS “YOU” OR “YOUR” WILL REFER TO SUCH ENTITY (OR, IF SUCH ENTITY IS ACTING AS AN AUTHORIZED AFFILIATE, THEN THE TERMS “YOU” OR “YOUR” WILL REFER TO SUCH ENTITY, THE AUTHORIZING PARTY(IES), OR BOTH, AS APPLICABLE). QUANTCAST MAY MODIFY THIS AGREEMENT FROM TIME TO TIME; CONTINUED USE 30 DAYS AFTER NOTIFICATION WILL CONSTITUTE ACCEPTANCE (SEE SECTION 10).
Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein are defined in Section 14.
This Agreement incorporates the
US State Data Privacy Addendum
to the extent that the Services include processing personal information that is subject to U.S. State Privacy Laws (as defined in the foregoing Addendum) and the
Privacy Implementation for
Quantcast Publisher Partners
.
1. Introduction: Reachpoints, Tags, and Measurement Data.
Quantcast Measure is a free digital audience measurement service that allows you to tag web pages, video, advertisements, apps, content, and paid search campaigns (what we call,
“
Reachpoints
”)
for direct measurement.
You can also define and measure actions and events by customizing your Tags with labels. You have complete control over (and are solely responsible for) which Reachpoints are tagged, how segments are labelled (e.g., with meaningful or obfuscated names), and how the resulting Measurement Results are or are not disclosed publicly.
Each time a browser visits your tagged Reachpoints, Quantcast may, in accordance with Applicable Privacy Laws, collect traffic statistics like those in any web server log (what we call,
“
Measurement Data
”
). We then apply proprietary Quantcast algorithms and other data to the Measurement Data to generate the
“
Measurement Results
”,
which we make available to you on the Quantcast website (see Section 3).
To measure Reachpoints that you do not own or control, you may provide your Tag to a third party who accepts this Agreement (any such third party, an
“Authorized Affiliate”
); you may also instruct us to give the Authorized Affiliate access to the Measurement Results.
2. Registration.
In order to access the Services you must register for a Quantcast account on the Quantcast website. Each new app you Tag requires its own registration and then receives its own unique API key. In registering, you agree to provide accurate, current, and complete information, and to keep it up to date. Any processing of Personal Information when registering for a Quantcast account will be processed in accordance with the Quantcast Website and Corporate Privacy Policy which you can access
here
.
You are responsible for keeping your password confidential. You hereby take responsibility for all actions taken—and instructions
provided to Quantcast—under your account or with the Measurement Results, by you or any third parties, whether or not authorized. You will notify Quantcast immediately of any unauthorized or non-compliant use of your account and will cooperate with us in stopping it.
3. Measurement Data and Results.
Quantcast uses each piece of Measurement Data both to understand your audience (for your benefit only) and as one of trillions of data points for predictive analytics and in determining what content and advertising to show individuals across the internet and other digital applications. You acknowledge that Quantcast may use Personal Information it receives from you to provide services to other Quantcast clients or for Quantcast’s commercial interests that may be unrelated to providing the Services to you.
Quantcast will never sell your audience (whether identified as such or not) and you control the extent to which Quantcast displays the Measurement Results.
Quantcast grants you perpetual rights to use, copy, and distribute the Measurement Results, including with our sharable widgets, only as long as you:
Credit Us. Conspicuously include: “Source: Quantcast
www.quantcast.com
”;
Present the Measurement Results Exactly as We Provided It. Do not: (i) manipulate or modify the Measurement Results to state or suggest different results from those specifically presented by Quantcast; (ii) combine information related to different Quantcast profiles (for example, by adding together the reach from two different sites instead of presenting the cross-site unduplicated reach measurement provided by Quantcast); (iii) quantitatively aggregate or combine information in the Measurement Results with information derived from other sources (but offering a comparison with information derived from other sources is permissible);
Don’t Use Our Work to Compete with Us. Do not use the information in the Measurement Results in any way that competes with Quantcast; and
Bind Third Parties. If you provide the information in the Measurement Results directly to any third party (rather than by having them access the information through the Quantcast website), you must ensure that they agree to be bound by and comply with the terms of this Agreement including the foregoing requirements.
4. Tagging Rules and Privacy.
You agree not to misrepresent your digital traffic, audience, or user activity in connection with Quantcast, the Services, or any Tags. You agree not to tag any adware or spyware inventory, or any Reachpoint revealing precise geographic location (i.e., information that describes the precise location of a device derived through any technology that is capable of determining with reasonable specificity the actual physical location of an individual or device), specific health / medical /sex-life information, credit card or financial data, or criminal convictions or charges. In addition, you agree not to tag any Reachpoint revealing data regarded as “sensitive” or “special category” Personal Information under Applicable Privacy Laws, including data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions or parties, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, or health. You further agree not to tag any website that contains information about health conditions or treatments or that might otherwise reveal or suggest an individual’s health status or treatment. If you represent to Quantcast (e.g., during the signup process) that your Reachpoints are directed to users under the age of 16, Quantcast will not collect any Personal Information from such Reachpoints and you will not receive those of our services that require collection of data across different websites. You will not modify the Tag other than as described in a
Quantcast Learning Center Guide
. You agree to update your Tag (which may require retagging your Reachpoints) when we notify you of any Tag fixes, updates or upgrades. You will use the Tag in the top most frame possible. You will retain the Tag’s origin address that we provided, in full.
You agree to comply with Applicable Privacy Laws and also industry self-regulation Principles and Codes of Conduct for interest-based advertising in connection with your use of the Tag and the Services. You agree not to use the Services to track or collect personally identifiable information (i.e., information that can be used to contact or identify a particular individual, including name, address, telephone number, email address, financial account number or government-issued identifier) of end users. To the extent that the web
pages or apps in which you place the Technology are accessed by end users located in Europe, you agree to implement a transparency and consent solution compatible with the
IAB Europe Transparency and Consent Framework
or another solution mutually agreed by both parties in writing. While you are implementing such consent solution, you agree to (i) obtain consent for Quantcast to use cookies and similar technologies in compliance with Applicable Privacy Laws, (ii) provide proof of such consent if requested by Quantcast, and
(iii) not permit calls from your web pages or apps to Quantcast servers if such consent has not be obtained. You agree to name Quantcast as a party for or by whom cookies or similar technologies are used to access the device and Personal Information is collected through your webpages or apps.
You further agree to prominently display to end users a user friendly, easily accessible, clear and comprehensive privacy policy (and, if necessitated by Applicable Privacy Laws, a separate cookie policy) that, where required, complies with Applicable Privacy Laws and contains the following (a) a statement that your site or app permits data collection for interest-based advertising, (ii) a description of the types of data collected for such advertising, (iii) an explanation of the purposes for which data is collected by, or transferred to, third parties, and (iv) a conspicuous link to either an opt-out mechanism, such as the NAI or DAA opt-outs for companies established outside of Europe or a consent revocation page for companies established in Europe. If you use the Services to collect data from a network of domains or subdomains, you will inform each in advance of such disclosures.
In the case of app measurement, operating system platforms provide device-level setting options that allow end users to indicate their preference with respect to third party data collection and targeted advertising (the
“
Ad Preference Setting
”
). Quantcast treats these device level Ad Preference Settings as consumer opt-outs and you will accurately pass the Ad Preference Setting to Quantcast. You will not send any identifier associated with a device to the extent that such device has otherwise indicated that the end user wishes to be opted out of advertisement tracking.
Unless agreed otherwise, you and Quantcast are each separate and independent Businesses or Controllers of any Personal Information which you and we may disclose or receive under this Agreement. You and Quantcast, pursuant to this Agreement, do not and will not jointly determine the purposes or the means of Processing of any Personal Information disclosed or received under this Agreement.
Each party shall comply with the obligations that apply to it under Applicable Privacy Laws and provide Personal Information Processed pursuant to this Agreement the level of privacy protection required by such laws. In the event that either party determines that it can no longer meet its privacy obligations under this Agreement or the Privacy Laws, it shall inform the other party without undue delay.
If you are a Business subject to CCPA, you agree to prominently post a “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link on all of your Reachpoints, and to provide consumers with the disclosures required of Businesses by CCPA.
You represent and warrant that you are not a covered entity under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”), and you do not have equivalent status under comparable local or international laws and regulations.
5. Restrictions.
You agree to use the Services only in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. You will not use the Services to engage in any illegal or offensive acts or serve any illegal content via any Reachpoint. You will not:
Interfere or attempt to interfere with the operation or security-related features of the Services or the Technology;
Delete, or in any manner alter, the copyright, trademark, or other proprietary rights notices appearing on any Quantcast Content;
Represent that Quantcast endorses or supports your services; make any representations and warranties concerning any aspect of the Services, the Technology, or Measurement Results to any Authorized Third Parties or other third parties; or
Attempt to index, scrape, search, or crawl the Services or the Quantcast website with any automated process; or attempt to access any information or technology relating to the Services, the Quantcast website, or our proprietary algorithms through any means not intentionally made available by Quantcast to you.
6. Quantcast Rights.
All right, title, and interest, including intellectual property rights, in and to the Quantcast website, the Services, the Technology, and the Quantcast Content are and will remain the exclusive property of Quantcast (
“
Quantcast Property
”
). Except as expressly permitted in this Agreement, you will not reproduce, modify, or prepare derivative works based upon, distribute, license, sell, transfer, publicly
display, publicly perform, transmit, or use such Quantcast Property. In the event that your Quantcast account is suspended or terminated, Quantcast will continue to respect this Agreement’s limits on our use of the Measurement Data and will cease all public display of the Measurement Results.
Quantcast servers may choose to occasionally respond to any publisher’s Tag by redirecting the browser to a third-party anonymous beacon to support the provision of Quantcast services in market. The decision to beacon is not related to you, your traffic, or your user base.
7. Indemnity.
Quantcast agrees to defend, indemnify, and hold you harmless from any judgments, damages, loss, liability, or costs (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) resulting from a third-party claim that the Technology or the Services infringe any U.S. or European intellectual property rights, provided that you (i) promptly inform and furnish Quantcast with a copy of each related communication and action, (ii) allow Quantcast to assume full control of the defense and settlement, and (iii) assist and cooperate with Quantcast, at Quantcast’s expense. Quantcast will have no obligation or liability hereunder where the claim results from any combination with, addition to, or modification of the Services or the Technology, from your failure to update your Tag, from your or any Authorized Affiliate breach of this Agreement, or from failure to obtain consent for your and our use of cookies or other tracking technology in accordance with Applicable Privacy Laws. If the Services or Technology become, or, in Quantcast’s opinion are likely to become, the subject of a third-party claim against you, Quantcast may, at its option and expense, procure rights for you to continue using the Services or the Technology, replace or modify the same so that it performs substantially similar functions but does not infringe, or terminate this Agreement.
The foregoing states the sole and exclusive liability of Quantcast and your sole remedy with respect to third party claims of any kind.
You agree to indemnify and hold Quantcast harmless from any judgments, damages, loss, liability, or costs (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) resulting from a third-party claim resulting from your failure to update your Tag when we notify you of any Tag fixes, updates or upgrades.
8. Warranty Disclaimer.
The services and related information are provided “as is,” without warranty or condition of any kind, either express or implied. Without limiting the foregoing, Quantcast explicitly disclaims any warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, quiet enjoyment, or non-infringement. Quantcast makes no warranty that the Services, the Quantcast website, or the Quantcast content will (1) meet your requirements, (2) be available on an uninterrupted, secure, or error-free basis, or (3) not cause any latency or processing delays. Quantcast is under no obligation to retain any Measurement Data or to keep the site up and running for any period of time. Quantcast makes no warranty regarding the accuracy, timeliness, truthfulness, completeness, or reliability of any information obtained through the Services, the Quantcast website, or the Quantcast content. No information, whether oral or written, will create any warranty or representation not expressly made herein. The foregoing exclusions and disclaimers are an essential part of this Agreement and formed a basis for enabling Quantcast to offer the Services to you. Some jurisdictions do not allow exclusion of certain warranties so this disclaimer may not apply to you in full.
9. Suspension and Termination.
Unless otherwise terminated as set forth herein, this Agreement will remain in full force and effect while you use the Services. You may terminate your Quantcast account and this Agreement at any time by both (i) “dequantifying” by deleting all Reachpoints from your profile on the Quantcast website (or, alternatively, by emailing
contact@quantcast.com
(if you are resident in the US) or
contact.dublin@quantcast.com
(if you are resident outside the US) with your complete account information and explicit request to terminate) and (ii) removing the Tags from all of your Reachpoints. Quantcast may terminate or suspend your access to the Services or terminate this Agreement at any time, for any reason or no reason and without any liability to you. Upon termination, all licenses and other rights granted to you under this Agreement will immediately cease. Quantcast will not be liable to you or any third party for
termination of this Agreement (whether by Quantcast or by you) or any termination or suspension of your use of the Services. Upon any termination or suspension, information in connection with your account may no longer be accessed by you. Notwithstanding the above, Sections 4 through 9, Sections 11 through 13, and the second paragraph of Section 3 will survive termination.
10. Modification of the Service and of the Terms.
Quantcast reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to modify or discontinue the Quantcast website and Services without notice. Quantcast may also modify this Agreement from time to time. If the modified Agreement is not acceptable to you, you may terminate your account within 30 days by following the two-step procedure described in Section 9. Use of the Quantcast website, use of any Tag to contact Quantcast’s servers, or use of the Services will constitute your acceptance thereof.
11. Limitation of Liability.
In no event will Quantcast be liable to you or any third party for any consequential loss, exemplary damages, incidental loss, special damages or loss, lost profit, loss or deletion of Measurement Data or Measurement Results, or punitive damages arising from your use of the Services, even if Quantcast has been advised of the possibility of such damages. These limitations formed a basis for enabling Quantcast to offer these Services to you. This paragraph will apply regardless of any failure of the exclusive remedy provided in the following paragraph.
Except with regard to Quantcast’s obligations under Section 7, liability stemming from death or personal injury resulting from Quantcast’s negligence, or Quantcast’s fraud, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Quantcast’s liability to you for any cause whatsoever and regardless of the form of the action, will at all times be limited to two hundred fifty U.S. dollars (US$250.00).
12. Miscellaneous.
This Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement between the parties with respect to the Services and supersedes all previous and contemporaneous agreements, proposals, and communications, written or oral between Quantcast and you with respect thereto. Any agreements regarding the delivery or use of advertising segments will govern the parties’ relationship in connection with the applicable segments but will not affect the parties’ rights, restrictions, or obligations under this Agreement, which the parties acknowledge as separate subject matter. Any waiver by either party of any violation of this Agreement will not be deemed to waive any further or future violation of the same or any other provision. If any parts or provisions of this Agreement are held to be unenforceable, then you and Quantcast agree that such parts or provisions will be given maximum permissible force and effect and the remainder of the Agreement will be fully enforceable. You and Quantcast agree that there are no third party beneficiaries of any promises, obligations or representations made by Quantcast. Either Party may assign its rights, data, and duties, under this Agreement in their entirety in connection with a sale of all (or substantially all) of its assets relating to this Agreement, a merger, or a reorganization. Nothing in this Agreement will constitute a partnership or joint venture or joint controllership between you and Quantcast.
This Agreement and any dispute relating to this Agreement will be governed by the laws of the United States and the laws of the State of California, without regard to U.S. or California choice of law rules. You and Quantcast agree and consent that jurisdiction, proper venue, and the most convenient forums for all claims, actions, and proceedings of any kind relating to Quantcast or the matters in this Agreement will be exclusively in courts located in San Francisco, California.
This Agreement is drafted in the English language. Any translation into another language is provided for convenience only. In the event of any inconsistency between the English language version and any translation, the English language version shall prevail.
13. Notice.
All notices or other communications to Quantcast from you will be deemed given only when received by hand delivery, electronic mail, or prepaid first class mail, at the address below or any other address provided by Quantcast to you for these purposes:
Persons in the United States, please contact:
Quantcast Corp. 795 Folsom Street
San Francisco, CA 94107 Attn: Legal Department
Email:
contact@quantcast.com
Persons outside of the United States, please contact:
Quantcast International Limited Beaux Lane House
Lower Mercer Street, 1st Floor Dublin 2, Ireland
Attn: Legal Department
Email:
contact.dublin@quantcast.com
14. Definitions.
“Applicable Privacy Laws”
means any applicable international, federal, state, or local privacy or data protection laws, statutes or regulations as may be amended, extended or re-enacted from time to time, including but not limited to (a) the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (
“GDPR”
) and any EU Member State laws implementing GDPR; (b) the California Consumer Privacy Act, Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.100
et seq.
as amended, including by the California Privacy Rights Act and implementing regulations (
“CCPA”)
; (c) the e-Privacy Directive 2002/58/EC, as amended and as transposed into EU Member State law and any legislation replacing the e-Privacy Directive; (d) The Brazilian General Data Protection Law, Law No. 13.709, of August 14, 2018 (“LGPD”)”.
“Authorized Affiliate”
means a third party that you allow to use your Tag, your account, or the Measurement Results.
“
Business
”
has the same meaning as in CCPA.
“Measurement Data”
has the meaning given to it in Section 1.
“Measurement Results”
has the meaning defined in Section 1.
“
Personal Information
”
means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or
could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular individual or household and any other information that may otherwise be considered “personal information” or “personal data” under Applicable Privacy Law.
“Quantcast Content”
means the content of the Quantcast website and the Services, including the Measurement Data and Measurement Results.
“
Quantcast Property
”
has the meaning given to it in Section 6.
“Reachpoint”
has the meaning given to it in Section 1.
“Services”
means Quantcast Measurement: the digital audience ratings service that allows you (or an Authorized Affiliate) to define and measure specific online events by tagging Reachpoints, as described herein and as governed by these terms and conditions.
“Tag”
means the particular javascript or other audience measurement code or software development kit provided to you by Quantcast, which allows Quantcast to set a cookie and embeddable on web pages, media files, and other Reachpoints, together with any labels and any fixes, updates, and upgrades provided to you.
“Technology”
means, separately and collectively, the Tags, and Quantcast’s proprietary technology that generates the Measurement Results.
15. Contracting Party.
If you reside in the US this Agreement is between you and Quantcast Corporation. If you reside outside of the US, this Agreement is between you and Quantcast International Limited, an Irish limited liability company. References to “Quantcast”, “us”, “we” and “our” mean either Quantcast Corporation or Quantcast International Limited as appropriate.
Effective April 5th 2024
to
December 10th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
If you have an active, duly executed contract for Quantcast services (“
Existing Contract
”), the Existing Contract will govern your use of the service(s) covered in the Existing Contract instead of these Quantcast Measure Terms of Service (“
Terms
”). In addition, these Terms only apply to the Quantcast Measure service (i.e., the “
Service
” as described below) and not to any other Quantcast product or service.
Quantcast Measure Terms of Service
This Quantcast Measure Terms of Service (this
“Agreement”
)
describes the terms and conditions on which Quantcast makes Quantcast Measure (the
“Services”
)
available to you.
BY CLICKING THE “I ACCEPT” BUTTON, COMPLETING THE REGISTRATION PROCESS, USING THE SERVICES OR ENTERING INTO AN OFFLINE AGREEMENT THAT REFERENCES THIS AGREEMENT OR INCLUDES A LINK TO THIS AGREEMENT, YOU ARE AGREEING TO BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU ARE ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF A COMPANY OR OTHER LEGAL ENTITY, YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU HAVE THE AUTHORITY TO BIND SUCH ENTITY, IN WHICH CASE THE TERMS “YOU” OR “YOUR” WILL REFER TO SUCH ENTITY (OR, IF SUCH ENTITY IS ACTING AS AN AUTHORIZED AFFILIATE, THEN THE TERMS “YOU” OR “YOUR” WILL REFER TO SUCH ENTITY, THE AUTHORIZING PARTY(IES), OR BOTH, AS APPLICABLE). QUANTCAST MAY MODIFY THIS AGREEMENT FROM TIME TO TIME; CONTINUED USE 30 DAYS AFTER NOTIFICATION WILL CONSTITUTE ACCEPTANCE (SEE SECTION 10).
Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein are defined in Section 14.
This Agreement incorporates the
US State Data Privacy Addendum
to the extent that the Services include processing personal information that is subject to U.S. State Privacy Laws (as defined in the foregoing Addendum) and the
Privacy Implementation for Quantcast Publisher Partners
.
1.     Introducti
on: Reachpoints, Tags, and Measurement Data.
Quantcast Measure is a free digital audience measurement service that allows you to tag web pages, video, advertisements, apps, content, and paid search campaigns (what we call,
“
Reachpoints
”)
for direct measurement.
You can also define and measure actions and events by customizing your Tags with labels. You have complete control over (and are solely responsible for) which Reachpoints are tagged, how segments are labelled (e.g., with meaningful or obfuscated names), and how the resulting Measurement Results are or are not disclosed publicly.
Each time a browser visits your tagged Reachpoints, Quantcast may, in accordance with Applicable Privacy Laws, collect traffic statistics like those in any web server log (what we call,
“
Measurement Data
”
). We then apply proprietary Quantcast algorithms and other data to the Measurement Data to generate the
“
Measurement Results
”,
which we make available to you on the Quantcast website (see Section 3).
To measure Reachpoints that you do not own or control, you may provide your Tag to a third party who accepts this Agreement (any such third party, an
“Authorized Affiliate”
); you may also instruct us to give the Authorized Affiliate access to the Measurement Results.
2.     Registration.
In order to access the Services you must register for a Quantcast account on the Quantcast website. Each new app you Tag requires its own registration and then receives its own unique API key. In registering, you agree to provide accurate, current, and complete information, and to keep it up to date. Any processing of Personal Information when registering for a Quantcast account will be processed in accordance with the Quantcast Website and Corporate Privacy Policy which you can access
here
.
You are responsible for keeping your password confidential. You hereby take responsibility for all actions taken—and instructions provided to Quantcast—under your account or with the Measurement Results, by you or any third parties, whether or not authorized. You will notify Quantcast immediately of any unauthorized or non-compliant use of your account and will cooperate with us in stopping it.
3.     Measurement Data and Results.
Quantcast uses each piece of Measurement Data both to understand your audience (for your benefit only) and as one of trillions of data points for predictive analytics and in determining what content and advertising to show individuals across the internet and other digital applications. You acknowledge that Quantcast may use Personal Information it receives from you to provide services to other Quantcast clients or for Quantcast’s commercial interests that may be unrelated to providing the Services to you.
Quantcast will never sell your audience (whether identified as such or not) and you control the extent to which Quantcast displays the Measurement Results.
Quantcast grants you perpetual rights to use, copy, and distribute the Measurement Results, including with our sharable widgets, only as long as you:
Credit Us. Conspicuously include: “Source: Quantcast
www.quantcast.com
”;
Present the Measurement Results Exactly as We Provided It. Do not: (i) manipulate or modify the Measurement Results to state or suggest different results from those specifically presented by Quantcast; (ii) combine information related to different Quantcast profiles (for example, by adding together the reach from two different sites instead of presenting the cross-site unduplicated reach measurement provided by Quantcast); (iii) quantitatively aggregate or combine information in the Measurement Results with information derived from other sources (but offering a comparison with information derived from other sources is permissible);
Don’t Use Our Work to Compete with Us. Do not use the information in the Measurement Results in any way that competes with Quantcast; and
Bind Third Parties. If you provide the information in the Measurement Results directly to any third party (rather than by having them access the information through the Quantcast website), you must ensure that they agree to be bound by and comply with the terms of this Agreement including the foregoing requirements.
4.     Tagging Rules and Privacy.
You agree not to misrepresent your digital traffic, audience, or user activity in connection with Quantcast, the Services, or any Tags. You agree not to tag any adware or spyware inventory, or any Reachpoint revealing precise geographic location (i.e., information that describes the precise location of a device derived through any technology that is capable of determining with reasonable specificity the actual physical location of an individual or device), specific health / medical /sex-life information, credit card or financial data, or criminal convictions or charges. In addition, you agree not to tag any Reachpoint revealing data regarded as “sensitive” or “special category” Personal Information under Applicable Privacy Laws, including data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions or parties, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, or health. You further agree not to tag any website that contains information about health conditions or treatments or that might otherwise reveal or suggest an individual’s health status or treatment. If you represent to Quantcast (e.g., during the signup process) that your Reachpoints are directed to users under the age of 16, Quantcast will not collect any Personal Information from such Reachpoints and you will not receive those of our services that require collection of data across different websites. You will not modify the Tag other than as described in a
Quantcast Learning Center Guide
. You agree to update your Tag (which may require retagging your Reachpoints) when we notify you of any Tag fixes, updates or upgrades. You will use the Tag in the top most frame possible. You will retain the Tag’s origin address that we provided, in full.
You agree to comply with Applicable Privacy Laws and also industry self-regulation Principles and Codes of Conduct for interest-based advertising in connection with your use of the Tag and the Services. You agree not to use the Services to track or collect personally identifiable information (i.e., information that can be used to contact or identify a particular individual, including name, address, telephone number, email address, financial account number or government-issued identifier) of end users. To the extent that the web pages or apps in which you place the Technology are accessed by end users located in Europe, you agree to implement a transparency and consent solution compatible with the
IAB Europe Transparency and Consent Framework
or another solution mutually agreed by both parties in writing. While you are implementing such consent solution, you agree to (i) obtain consent for Quantcast to use cookies and similar technologies in compliance with Applicable Privacy Laws, (ii) provide proof of such consent if requested by Quantcast, and (iii) not permit calls from your web pages or apps to Quantcast servers if such consent has not be obtained. You agree to name Quantcast as a party for or by whom cookies or similar technologies are used to access the device and Personal Information is collected through your webpages or apps.
You further agree to prominently display to end users a user friendly, easily accessible, clear and comprehensive privacy policy (and, if necessitated by Applicable Privacy Laws, a separate cookie policy) that, where required, complies with Applicable Privacy Laws and contains the following (a) a statement that your site or app permits data collection for interest-based advertising, (ii) a description of the types of data collected for such advertising, (iii) an explanation of the purposes for which data is collected by, or transferred to, third parties, and (iv) a conspicuous link to either an opt-out mechanism, such as the NAI or DAA opt-outs for companies established outside of Europe or a consent revocation page for companies established in Europe. If you use the Services to collect data from a network of domains or subdomains, you will inform each in advance of such disclosures.
In the case of app measurement, operating system platforms provide device-level setting options that allow end users to indicate their preference with respect to third party data collection and targeted advertising (the
“
Ad Preference Setting
”
). Quantcast treats these device level Ad Preference Settings as consumer opt-outs and you will accurately pass the Ad Preference Setting to Quantcast. You will not send any identifier associated with a device to the extent that such device has otherwise indicated that the end user wishes to be opted out of advertisement tracking.
Unless agreed otherwise, you and Quantcast are each separate and independent Businesses or Controllers of any Personal Information which you and we may disclose or receive under this Agreement. You and Quantcast, pursuant to this Agreement, do not and will not jointly determine the purposes or the means of Processing of any Personal Information disclosed or received under this Agreement. Each party shall comply with the obligations that apply to it under Applicable Privacy Laws and provide Personal Information Processed pursuant to this Agreement the level of privacy protection required by such laws. In the event that either party determines that it can no longer meet its privacy obligations under this Agreement or the Privacy Laws, it shall inform the other party without undue delay.
If you are a Business subject to CCPA, you agree to prominently post a “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link on all of your Reachpoints, and to provide consumers with the disclosures required of Businesses by CCPA.
5.     Restrictions.
You agree to use the Services only in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. You will not use the Services to engage in any illegal or offensive acts or serve any illegal content via any Reachpoint. You will not:
Interfere or attempt to interfere with the operation or security-related features of the Services or the Technology;
Delete, or in any manner alter, the copyright, trademark, or other proprietary rights notices appearing on any Quantcast Content;
Represent that Quantcast endorses or supports your services; make any representations and warranties concerning any aspect of the Services, the Technology, or Measurement Results to any Authorized Third Parties or other third parties; or
Attempt to index, scrape, search, or crawl the Services or the Quantcast website with any automated process; or attempt to access any information or technology relating to the Services, the Quantcast website, or our proprietary algorithms through any means not intentionally made available by Quantcast to you.
6.     Quantcast Rights.
All right, title, and interest, including intellectual property rights, in and to the Quantcast website, the Services, the Technology, and the Quantcast Content are and will remain the exclusive property of Quantcast (
“
Quantcast Property
”
). Except as expressly permitted in this Agreement, you will not reproduce, modify, or prepare derivative works based upon, distribute, license, sell, transfer, publicly display, publicly perform, transmit, or use such Quantcast Property. In the event that your Quantcast account is suspended or terminated, Quantcast will continue to respect this Agreement’s limits on our use of the Measurement Data and will cease all public display of the Measurement Results.
Quantcast servers may choose to occasionally respond to any publisher’s Tag by redirecting the browser to a third-party anonymous beacon to support the provision of Quantcast services in market. The decision to beacon is not related to you, your traffic, or your user base.
7.     Indemnity.
Quantcast agrees to defend, indemnify, and hold you harmless from any judgments, damages, loss, liability, or costs (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) resulting from a third-party claim that the Technology or the Services infringe any U.S. or European intellectual property rights, provided that you (i) promptly inform and furnish Quantcast with a copy of each related communication and action, (ii) allow Quantcast to assume full control of the defense and settlement, and (iii) assist and cooperate with Quantcast, at Quantcast’s expense. Quantcast will have no obligation or liability hereunder where the claim results from any combination with, addition to, or modification of the Services or the Technology, from your failure to update your Tag, from your or any Authorized Affiliate breach of this Agreement, or from failure to obtain consent for your and our use of cookies or other tracking technology in accordance with Applicable Privacy Laws. If the Services or Technology become, or, in Quantcast’s opinion are likely to become, the subject of a third-party claim against you, Quantcast may, at its option and expense, procure rights for you to continue using the Services or the Technology, replace or modify the same so that it performs substantially similar functions but does not infringe, or terminate this Agreement.
The foregoing states the sole and exclusive liability of Quantcast and your sole remedy with respect to third party claims of any kind.
You agree to indemnify and hold Quantcast harmless from any judgments, damages, loss, liability, or costs (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) resulting from a third-party claim resulting from your failure to update your Tag when we notify you of any Tag fixes, updates or upgrades.
8.     Warranty Disclaimer.
The services and related information are provided “as is,” without warranty or condition of any kind, either express or implied. Without limiting the foregoing, Quantcast explicitly disclaims any warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, quiet enjoyment, or non-infringement. Quantcast makes no warranty that the Services, the Quantcast website, or the Quantcast content will (1) meet your requirements, (2) be available on an uninterrupted, secure, or error-free basis, or (3) not cause any latency or processing delays. Quantcast is under no obligation to retain any Measurement Data or to keep the site up and running for any period of time. Quantcast makes no warranty regarding the accuracy, timeliness, truthfulness, completeness, or reliability of any information obtained through the Services, the Quantcast website, or the Quantcast content. No information, whether oral or written, will create any warranty or representation not expressly made herein. The foregoing exclusions and disclaimers are an essential part of this Agreement and formed a basis for enabling Quantcast to offer the Services to you. Some jurisdictions do not allow exclusion of certain warranties so this disclaimer may not apply to you in full.
9.     Suspension and Termination.
Unless otherwise terminated as set forth herein, this Agreement will remain in full force and effect while you use the Services. You may terminate your Quantcast account and this Agreement at any time by both (i) “dequantifying” by deleting all Reachpoints from your profile on the Quantcast website (or, alternatively, by emailing contact@quantcast.com (if you are resident in the US) or contact.dublin@quantcast.com (if you are resident outside the US) with your complete account information and explicit request to terminate) and (ii) removing the Tags from all of your Reachpoints. Quantcast may terminate or suspend your access to the Services or terminate this Agreement at any time, for any reason or no reason and without any liability to you. Upon termination, all licenses and other rights granted to you under this Agreement will immediately cease. Quantcast will not be liable to you or any third party for termination of this Agreement (whether by Quantcast or by you) or any termination or suspension of your use of the Services. Upon any termination or suspension, information in connection with your account may no longer be accessed by you. Notwithstanding the above, Sections 4 through 9, Sections 11 through 13, and the second paragraph of Section 3 will survive termination.
10.
Modification of the Service and of the Terms.
Quantcast reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to modify or discontinue the Quantcast website and Services without notice. Quantcast may also modify this Agreement from time to time. If the modified Agreement is not acceptable to you, you may terminate your account within 30 days by following the two-step procedure described in Section 9. Use of the Quantcast website, use of any Tag to contact Quantcast’s servers, or use of the Services will constitute your acceptance thereof.
11.     Limitation of Liability.
In no event will Quantcast be liable to you or any third party for any consequential loss, exemplary damages, incidental loss, special damages or loss, lost profit, loss or deletion of Measurement Data or Measurement Results, or punitive damages arising from your use of the Services, even if Quantcast has been advised of the possibility of such damages. These limitations formed a basis for enabling Quantcast to offer these Services to you. This paragraph will apply regardless of any failure of the exclusive remedy provided in the following paragraph.
Except with regard to Quantcast’s obligations under Section 7, liability stemming from death or personal injury resulting from Quantcast’s negligence, or Quantcast’s fraud, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Quantcast’s liability to you for any cause whatsoever and regardless of the form of the action, will at all times be limited to two hundred fifty U.S. dollars (US$250.00).
12.     Miscellaneous.
This Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement between the parties with respect to the Services and supersedes all previous and contemporaneous agreements, proposals, and communications, written or oral between Quantcast and you with respect thereto. Any agreements regarding the delivery or use of advertising segments will govern the parties’ relationship in connection with the applicable segments but will not affect the parties’ rights, restrictions, or obligations under this Agreement, which the parties acknowledge as separate subject matter. Any waiver by either party of any violation of this Agreement will not be deemed to waive any further or future violation of the same or any other provision. If any parts or provisions of this Agreement are held to be unenforceable, then you and Quantcast agree that such parts or provisions will be given maximum permissible force and effect and the remainder of the Agreement will be fully enforceable. You and Quantcast agree that there are no third party beneficiaries of any promises, obligations or representations made by Quantcast. Either Party may assign its rights, data, and duties, under this Agreement in their entirety in connection with a sale of all (or substantially all) of its assets relating to this Agreement, a merger, or a reorganization. Nothing in this Agreement will constitute a partnership or joint venture or joint controllership between you and Quantcast.
This Agreement and any dispute relating to this Agreement will be governed by the laws of the United States and the laws of the State of California, without regard to U.S. or California choice of law rules. You and Quantcast agree and consent that jurisdiction, proper venue, and the most convenient forums for all claims, actions, and proceedings of any kind relating to Quantcast or the matters in this Agreement will be exclusively in courts located in San Francisco, California.
This Agreement is drafted in the English language. Any translation into another language is provided for convenience only. In the event of any inconsistency between the English language version and any translation, the English language version shall prevail.
13.     Notice.
All notices or other communications to Quantcast from you will be deemed given only when received by hand delivery, electronic mail, or prepaid first class mail, at the address below or any other address provided by Quantcast to you for these purposes:
Persons in the United States, please contact:
Quantcast Corp.
795 Folsom Street
San Francisco, CA 94107
Attn: Legal Department
Email: contact@quantcast.com
Persons outside of the United States, please contact:
Quantcast International Limited
Beaux Lane House
Lower Mercer Street, 1st Floor
Dublin 2, Ireland
Attn: Legal Department
Email: contact.dublin@quantcast.com
14.     Definitions
“Applicable Privacy Laws”
means any applicable international, federal, state, or local privacy or data protection laws, statutes or regulations as may be amended, extended or re-enacted from time to time, including but not limited to (a) the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (
“GDPR”
) and any EU Member State laws implementing GDPR; (b) the California Consumer Privacy Act, Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.100
et seq.
as amended, including by the California Privacy Rights Act and implementing regulations (
“CCPA”)
; (c) the e-Privacy Directive 2002/58/EC, as amended and as transposed into EU Member State law and any legislation replacing the e-Privacy Directive; (d) The Brazilian General Data Protection Law, Law No. 13.709, of August 14, 2018 (“LGPD”)”.
“Authorized Affiliate”
means a third party that you allow to use your Tag, your account, or the Measurement Results.
“
Business
”
has the same meaning as in CCPA.
“Measurement Data”
has the meaning given to it in Section 1.
“Measurement Results”
has the meaning defined in Section 1.
“
Personal Information
”
means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular individual or household and any other information that may otherwise be considered “personal information” or “personal data” under Applicable Privacy Law.
“Quantcast Content”
means the content of the Quantcast website and the Services, including the Measurement Data and Measurement Results.
“
Quantcast Property
”
has the meaning given to it in Section 6.
“Reachpoint”
has the meaning given to it in Section 1.
“Services”
means Quantcast Measurement: the digital audience ratings service that allows you (or an Authorized Affiliate) to define and measure specific online events by tagging Reachpoints, as described herein and as governed by these terms and conditions.
“Tag”
means the particular javascript or other audience measurement code or software development kit provided to you by Quantcast, which allows Quantcast to set a cookie and embeddable on web pages, media files, and other Reachpoints, together with any labels and any fixes, updates, and upgrades provided to you.
“Technology”
means, separately and collectively, the Tags, and Quantcast’s proprietary technology that generates the Measurement Results.
15.     Contracting Party.
If you reside in the US this Agreement is between you and Quantcast Corporation. If you reside outside of the US, this Agreement is between you and Quantcast International Limited, an Irish limited liability company. References to “Quantcast”, “us”, “we” and “our” mean either Quantcast Corporation or Quantcast International Limited as appropriate.
Effective August 17th 2023
to
April 5th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
If you have an active, duly executed contract for Quantcast services (“
Existing Contract
”), the Existing Contract will govern your use of the service(s) covered in the Existing Contract instead of these Quantcast Measure Terms of Service (“
Terms
”).       In addition, these Terms only apply to the Quantcast Measure service (i.e., the “
Service
” as described below) and not to any other Quantcast product or service.
Quantcast Measure Terms of Service
This Quantcast Measure Terms of Service (this
“Agreement”
)
describes the terms and conditions on which Quantcast makes Quantcast Measure (the
“Services”
)
available to you.
BY CLICKING THE “I ACCEPT” BUTTON, COMPLETING THE REGISTRATION PROCESS, USING THE SERVICES OR ENTERING INTO AN OFFLINE AGREEMENT THAT REFERENCES THIS AGREEMENT OR INCLUDES A LINK TO THIS AGREEMENT, YOU ARE AGREEING TO BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU ARE ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF A COMPANY OR OTHER LEGAL ENTITY, YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU HAVE THE AUTHORITY TO BIND SUCH ENTITY, IN WHICH CASE THE TERMS “YOU” OR “YOUR” WILL REFER TO SUCH ENTITY (OR, IF SUCH ENTITY IS ACTING AS AN AUTHORIZED AFFILIATE, THEN THE TERMS “YOU” OR “YOUR” WILL REFER TO SUCH ENTITY, THE AUTHORIZING PARTY(IES), OR BOTH, AS APPLICABLE). QUANTCAST MAY MODIFY THIS AGREEMENT FROM TIME TO TIME; CONTINUED USE 30 DAYS AFTER NOTIFICATION WILL CONSTITUTE ACCEPTANCE (SEE SECTION 10).
Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein are defined in Section 14.
This Agreement incorporates the
US State Data Privacy Addendum
to the extent that the Services include processing personal information that is subject to U.S. State Privacy Laws (as defined in the foregoing Addendum) and the
Privacy Implementation for Quantcast Publisher Partners
.
Introduction: Reachpoints, Tags, and Measurement Data.
Quantcast Measure is a free digital audience measurement service that allows you to tag web pages, video, advertisements, apps, content, and paid search campaigns (what we call,
“
Reachpoints
”)
for direct measurement.
You can also define and measure actions and events by customizing your Tags with labels. You have complete control over (and are solely responsible for) which Reachpoints are tagged, how segments are labelled (e.g., with meaningful or obfuscated names), and how the resulting Measurement Results are or are not disclosed publicly.
Each time a browser visits your tagged Reachpoints, Quantcast may, in accordance with Applicable Privacy Laws, collect traffic statistics like those in any web server log (what we call,
“
Measurement Data
”
). We then apply proprietary Quantcast algorithms and other data to the Measurement Data to generate the
“
Measurement Results
”,
which we make available to you on the Quantcast website (see Section 3).
To measure Reachpoints that you do not own or control, you may provide your Tag to a third party who accepts this Agreement (any such third party, an
“Authorized Affiliate”
); you may also instruct us to give the Authorized Affiliate access to the Measurement Results.
Registration.
In order to access the Services you must register for a Quantcast account on the Quantcast website. Each new app you Tag requires its own registration and then receives its own unique API key. In registering, you agree to provide accurate, current, and complete information, and to keep it up to date. Any processing of Personal Information when registering for a Quantcast account will be processed in accordance with the Quantcast Website and Corporate Privacy Policy which you can access
here
.
You are responsible for keeping your password confidential. You hereby take responsibility for all actions taken—and instructions provided to Quantcast—under your account or with the Measurement Results, by you or any third parties, whether or not authorized. You will notify Quantcast immediately of any unauthorized or non-compliant use of your account and will cooperate with us in stopping it.
Measurement Data and Results.
Quantcast uses each piece of Measurement Data both to understand your audience (for your benefit only) and as one of trillions of data points for predictive analytics and in determining what content and advertising to show individuals across the internet and other digital applications. You acknowledge that Quantcast may use Personal Information it receives from you to provide services to other Quantcast clients or for Quantcast’s commercial interests that may be unrelated to providing the Services to you.
Quantcast will never sell your audience (whether identified as such or not) and you control the extent to which Quantcast displays the Measurement Results.
Quantcast grants you perpetual rights to use, copy, and distribute the Measurement Results, including with our sharable widgets, only as long as you:
Credit Us. Conspicuously include: “Source: Quantcast
www.quantcast.com
”;
Present the Measurement Results Exactly as We Provided It. Do not: (i) manipulate or modify the Measurement Results to state or suggest different results from those specifically presented by Quantcast; (ii) combine information related to different Quantcast profiles (for example, by adding together the reach from two different sites instead of presenting the cross-site unduplicated reach measurement provided by Quantcast); (iii) quantitatively aggregate or combine information in the Measurement Results with information derived from other sources (but offering a comparison with information derived from other sources is permissible);
Don’t Use Our Work to Compete with Us. Do not use the information in the Measurement Results in any way that competes with Quantcast; and
Bind Third Parties. If you provide the information in the Measurement Results directly to any third party (rather than by having them access the information through the Quantcast website), you must ensure that they agree to be bound by and comply with the terms of this Agreement including the foregoing requirements.
Tagging Rules and Privacy.
You agree not to misrepresent your digital traffic, audience, or user activity in connection with Quantcast, the Services, or any Tags. You agree not to tag any adware or spyware inventory, or any Reachpoint revealing precise geographic location (i.e., information that describes the precise location of a device derived through any technology that is capable of determining with reasonable specificity the actual physical location of an individual or device), specific health / medical /sex-life information, credit card or financial data, or criminal convictions or charges. In addition, you agree not to tag any Reachpoint revealing data regarded as “sensitive” or “special category” Personal Information under Applicable Privacy Laws, including data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions or parties, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, or health. If you represent to Quantcast (e.g., during the signup process) that your Reachpoints are directed to users under the age of 16, Quantcast will not collect any Personal Information from such Reachpoints and you will not receive those of our services that require collection of data across different websites. You will not modify the Tag other than as described in a
Quantcast Learning Center Guide
. You agree to update your Tag (which may require retagging your Reachpoints) when we notify you of any Tag fixes, updates or upgrades. You will use the Tag in the top most frame possible. You will retain the Tag’s origin address that we provided, in full.
You agree to comply with Applicable Privacy Laws and also industry self-regulation Principles and Codes of Conduct for interest-based advertising in connection with your use of the Tag and the Services. You agree not to use the Services to track or collect personally identifiable information (i.e., information that can be used to contact or identify a particular individual, including name, address, telephone number, email address, financial account number or government-issued identifier) of end users. To the extent that the web pages or apps in which you place the Technology are accessed by end users located in Europe, you agree to implement a transparency and consent solution compatible with the
IAB Europe Transparency and Consent Framework
or another solution mutually agreed by both parties in writing. While you are implementing such consent solution, you agree to (i) obtain consent for Quantcast to use cookies and similar technologies in compliance with Applicable Privacy Laws, (ii) provide proof of such consent if requested by Quantcast, and (iii) not permit calls from your web pages or apps to Quantcast servers if such consent has not be obtained. You agree to name Quantcast as a party for or by whom cookies or similar technologies are used to access the device and Personal Information is collected through your webpages or apps.
You further agree to prominently display to end users a user friendly, easily accessible, clear and comprehensive privacy policy (and, if necessitated by Applicable Privacy Laws, a separate cookie policy) that, where required, complies with Applicable Privacy Laws and contains the following (a) a statement that your site or app permits data collection for interest-based advertising, (ii) a description of the types of data collected for such advertising, (iii) an explanation of the purposes for which data is collected by, or transferred to, third parties, and (iv) a conspicuous link to either an opt-out mechanism, such as the NAI or DAA opt-outs for companies established outside of Europe or a consent revocation page for companies established in Europe. If you use the Services to collect data from a network of domains or subdomains, you will inform each in advance of such disclosures.
In the case of app measurement, operating system platforms provide device-level setting options that allow end users to indicate their preference with respect to third party data collection and targeted advertising (the
“
Ad Preference Setting
”
). Quantcast treats these device level Ad Preference Settings as consumer opt-outs and you will accurately pass the Ad Preference Setting to Quantcast. You will not send any identifier associated with a device to the extent that such device has otherwise indicated that the end user wishes to be opted out of advertisement tracking.
Unless agreed otherwise, you and Quantcast are each separate and independent Businesses or Controllers of any Personal Information which you and we may disclose or receive under this Agreement. You and Quantcast, pursuant to this Agreement, do not and will not jointly determine the purposes or the means of Processing of any Personal Information disclosed or received under this Agreement. Each party shall comply with the obligations that apply to it under Applicable Privacy Laws and provide Personal Information Processed pursuant to this Agreement the level of privacy protection required by such laws. In the event that either party determines that it can no longer meet its privacy obligations under this Agreement or the Privacy Laws, it shall inform the other party without undue delay.
If you are a Business subject to CCPA, you agree to prominently post a “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link on all of your Reachpoints, and to provide consumers with the disclosures required of Businesses by CCPA.
Restrictions.
You agree to use the Services only in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. You will not use the Services to engage in any illegal or offensive acts or serve any illegal content via any Reachpoint. You will not:
Interfere or attempt to interfere with the operation or security-related features of the Services or the Technology;
Delete, or in any manner alter, the copyright, trademark, or other proprietary rights notices appearing on any Quantcast Content;
Represent that Quantcast endorses or supports your services; make any representations and warranties concerning any aspect of the Services, the Technology, or Measurement Results to any Authorized Third Parties or other third parties; or
Attempt to index, scrape, search, or crawl the Services or the Quantcast website with any automated process; or attempt to access any information or technology relating to the Services, the Quantcast website, or our proprietary algorithms through any means not intentionally made available by Quantcast to you.
Quantcast Rights.
All right, title, and interest, including intellectual property rights, in and to the Quantcast website, the Services, the Technology, and the Quantcast Content are and will remain the exclusive property of Quantcast (
“
Quantcast Property
”
). Except as expressly permitted in this Agreement, you will not reproduce, modify, or prepare derivative works based upon, distribute, license, sell, transfer, publicly display, publicly perform, transmit, or use such Quantcast Property. In the event that your Quantcast account is suspended or terminated, Quantcast will continue to respect this Agreement’s limits on our use of the Measurement Data and will cease all public display of the Measurement Results.
Quantcast servers may choose to occasionally respond to any publisher’s Tag by redirecting the browser to a third-party anonymous beacon to support the provision of Quantcast services in market. The decision to beacon is not related to you, your traffic, or your user base.
Indemnity.
Quantcast agrees to defend, indemnify, and hold you harmless from any judgments, damages, loss, liability, or costs (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) resulting from a third-party claim that the Technology or the Services infringe any U.S. or European intellectual property rights, provided that you (i) promptly inform and furnish Quantcast with a copy of each related communication and action, (ii) allow Quantcast to assume full control of the defense and settlement, and (iii) assist and cooperate with Quantcast, at Quantcast’s expense. Quantcast will have no obligation or liability hereunder where the claim results from any combination with, addition to, or modification of the Services or the Technology, from your failure to update your Tag, from your or any Authorized Affiliate breach of this Agreement, or from failure to obtain consent for your and our use of cookies or other tracking technology in accordance with Applicable Privacy Laws. If the Services or Technology become, or, in Quantcast’s opinion are likely to become, the subject of a third-party claim against you, Quantcast may, at its option and expense, procure rights for you to continue using the Services or the Technology, replace or modify the same so that it performs substantially similar functions but does not infringe, or terminate this Agreement.
The foregoing states the sole and exclusive liability of Quantcast and your sole remedy with respect to third party claims of any kind.
You agree to indemnify and hold Quantcast harmless from any judgments, damages, loss, liability, or costs (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) resulting from a third-party claim resulting from your failure to update your Tag when we notify you of any Tag fixes, updates or upgrades.
Warranty Disclaimer.
The services and related information are provided “as is,” without warranty or condition of any kind, either express or implied. Without limiting the foregoing, Quantcast explicitly disclaims any warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, quiet enjoyment, or non-infringement. Quantcast makes no warranty that the Services, the Quantcast website, or the Quantcast content will (1) meet your requirements, (2) be available on an uninterrupted, secure, or error-free basis, or (3) not cause any latency or processing delays. Quantcast is under no obligation to retain any Measurement Data or to keep the site up and running for any period of time. Quantcast makes no warranty regarding the accuracy, timeliness, truthfulness, completeness, or reliability of any information obtained through the Services, the Quantcast website, or the Quantcast content. No information, whether oral or written, will create any warranty or representation not expressly made herein. The foregoing exclusions and disclaimers are an essential part of this Agreement and formed a basis for enabling Quantcast to offer the Services to you. Some jurisdictions do not allow exclusion of certain warranties so this disclaimer may not apply to you in full.
Suspension and Termination.
Unless otherwise terminated as set forth herein, this Agreement will remain in full force and effect while you use the Services. You may terminate your Quantcast account and this Agreement at any time by both (i) “dequantifying” by deleting all Reachpoints from your profile on the Quantcast website (or, alternatively, by emailing contact@quantcast.com (if you are resident in the US) or contact.dublin@quantcast.com (if you are resident outside the US) with your complete account information and explicit request to terminate) and (ii) removing the Tags from all of your Reachpoints. Quantcast may terminate or suspend your access to the Services or terminate this Agreement at any time, for any reason or no reason and without any liability to you. Upon termination, all licenses and other rights granted to you under this Agreement will immediately cease. Quantcast will not be liable to you or any third party for termination of this Agreement (whether by Quantcast or by you) or any termination or suspension of your use of the Services. Upon any termination or suspension, information in connection with your account may no longer be accessed by you. Notwithstanding the above, Sections 4 through 9, Sections 11 through 13, and the second paragraph of Section 3 will survive termination.
Modification of the Service and of the Terms.
Quantcast reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to modify or discontinue the Quantcast website and Services without notice. Quantcast may also modify this Agreement from time to time. If the modified Agreement is not acceptable to you, you may terminate your account within 30 days by following the two-step procedure described in Section 9. Use of the Quantcast website, use of any Tag to contact Quantcast’s servers, or use of the Services will constitute your acceptance thereof.
Limitation of Liability.
In no event will Quantcast be liable to you or any third party for any consequential loss, exemplary damages, incidental loss, special damages or loss, lost profit, loss or deletion of Measurement Data or Measurement Results, or punitive damages arising from your use of the Services, even if Quantcast has been advised of the possibility of such damages. These limitations formed a basis for enabling Quantcast to offer these Services to you. This paragraph will apply regardless of any failure of the exclusive remedy provided in the following paragraph.
Except with regard to Quantcast’s obligations under Section 7, liability stemming from death or personal injury resulting from Quantcast’s negligence, or Quantcast’s fraud, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Quantcast’s liability to you for any cause whatsoever and regardless of the form of the action, will at all times be limited to two hundred fifty U.S. dollars (US$250.00).
Miscellaneous.
This Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement between the parties with respect to the Services and supersedes all previous and contemporaneous agreements, proposals, and communications, written or oral between Quantcast and you with respect thereto. Any agreements regarding the delivery or use of advertising segments will govern the parties’ relationship in connection with the applicable segments but will not affect the parties’ rights, restrictions, or obligations under this Agreement, which the parties acknowledge as separate subject matter. Any waiver by either party of any violation of this Agreement will not be deemed to waive any further or future violation of the same or any other provision. If any parts or provisions of this Agreement are held to be unenforceable, then you and Quantcast agree that such parts or provisions will be given maximum permissible force and effect and the remainder of the Agreement will be fully enforceable. You and Quantcast agree that there are no third party beneficiaries of any promises, obligations or representations made by Quantcast. Either Party may assign its rights, data, and duties, under this Agreement in their entirety in connection with a sale of all (or substantially all) of its assets relating to this Agreement, a merger, or a reorganization. Nothing in this Agreement will constitute a partnership or joint venture or joint controllership between you and Quantcast.
This Agreement and any dispute relating to this Agreement will be governed by the laws of the United States and the laws of the State of California, without regard to U.S. or California choice of law rules. You and Quantcast agree and consent that jurisdiction, proper venue, and the most convenient forums for all claims, actions, and proceedings of any kind relating to Quantcast or the matters in this Agreement will be exclusively in courts located in San Francisco, California.
This Agreement is drafted in the English language. Any translation into another language is provided for convenience only. In the event of any inconsistency between the English language version and any translation, the English language version shall prevail.
Notice.
All notices or other communications to Quantcast from you will be deemed given only when received by hand delivery, electronic mail, or prepaid first class mail, at the address below or any other address provided by Quantcast to you for these purposes:
Persons in the United States, please contact:
Quantcast Corp.
795 Folsom Street
San Francisco, CA 94107
Attn: Legal Department
Email: contact@quantcast.com
Persons outside of the United States, please contact:
Quantcast International Limited
Beaux Lane House
Lower Mercer Street, 1st Floor
Dublin 2, Ireland
Attn: Legal Department
Email: contact.dublin@quantcast.com
Definitions
“Applicable Privacy Laws”
means any applicable international, federal, state, or local privacy or data protection laws, statutes or regulations as may be amended, extended or re-enacted from time to time, including but not limited to (a) the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (
“GDPR”
) and any EU Member State laws implementing GDPR; (b) the California Consumer Privacy Act, Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.100
et seq.
as amended, including by the California Privacy Rights Act and implementing regulations (
“CCPA”)
; (c) the e-Privacy Directive 2002/58/EC, as amended and as transposed into EU Member State law and any legislation replacing the e-Privacy Directive; (d) The Brazilian General Data Protection Law, Law No. 13.709, of August 14, 2018 (“LGPD”)”.
“Authorized Affiliate”
means a third party that you allow to use your Tag, your account, or the Measurement Results.
“
Business
”
has the same meaning as in CCPA.
“Measurement Data”
has the meaning given to it in Section 1.
“Measurement Results”
has the meaning defined in Section 1.
“
Personal Information
”
means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular individual or household and any other information that may otherwise be considered “personal information” or “personal data” under Applicable Privacy Law.
“Quantcast Content”
means the content of the Quantcast website and the Services, including the Measurement Data and Measurement Results.
“
Quantcast Property
”
has the meaning given to it in Section 6.
“Reachpoint”
has the meaning given to it in Section 1.
“Services”
means Quantcast Measurement: the digital audience ratings service that allows you (or an Authorized Affiliate) to define and measure specific online events by tagging Reachpoints, as described herein and as governed by these terms and conditions.
“Tag”
means the particular javascript or other audience measurement code or software development kit provided to you by Quantcast, which allows Quantcast to set a cookie and embeddable on web pages, media files, and other Reachpoints, together with any labels and any fixes, updates, and upgrades provided to you.
“Technology”
means, separately and collectively, the Tags, and Quantcast’s proprietary technology that generates the Measurement Results.
Contracting Party.
If you reside in the US this Agreement is between you and Quantcast Corporation. If you reside outside of the US, this Agreement is between you and Quantcast International Limited, an Irish limited liability company. References to “Quantcast”, “us”, “we” and “our” mean either Quantcast Corporation or Quantcast International Limited as appropriate.
Effective July 23rd 2021
to
August 17th 2023
Download
Table of Contents
Quantcast Measure and Q for Publishers Terms of Service
Effective: January 1, 2020
Once you have agreed to these
Terms and Conditions
you will be able to download and install the Quantcast Measure Tag. These terms will apply only after such download and installation.
This Quantcast Measure and Q for Publishers Terms of Service (this
“Agreement”
) describes the terms and conditions on which Quantcast makes Quantcast Measure and Q for Publishers (the
“Services”
) available to you.
BY CLICKING THE “I ACCEPT” BUTTON, COMPLETING THE REGISTRATION PROCESS, OR USING THE SERVICES, YOU ARE AGREEING TO BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU ARE ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF A COMPANY OR OTHER LEGAL ENTITY, YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU HAVE THE AUTHORITY TO BIND SUCH ENTITY, IN WHICH CASE THE TERMS “YOU” OR “YOUR” WILL REFER TO SUCH ENTITY (OR, IF SUCH ENTITY IS ACTING AS AN AUTHORIZED AFFILIATE, THEN THE TERMS “YOU” OR “YOUR” WILL REFER TO SUCH ENTITY, THE AUTHORIZING PARTY(IES), OR BOTH, AS APPLICABLE). QUANTCAST MAY MODIFY THIS AGREEMENT FROM TIME TO TIME; CONTINUED USE 30 DAYS AFTER NOTIFICATION WILL CONSTITUTE ACCEPTANCE (SEE SECTION 10).
Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein are defined in Section 14.
Introduction: Reachpoints, Tags, and Measurement Data.
Quantcast Measure is a free digital audience measurement service that allows you to tag web pages, video, advertisements, apps, content, and paid search campaigns (what we call, “
Reachpoints
”) for direct measurement.
You can also define and measure actions and events by customizing your Tags with labels. You have complete control over (and are solely responsible for) which Reachpoints are tagged, how segments are labelled (e.g., with meaningful or obfuscated names), and how the resulting Measurement Results are or are not disclosed publicly.
Each time a browser visits your tagged Reachpoints, Quantcast may, in accordance with Applicable Privacy Laws, collect traffic statistics like those in any web server log (what we call, “
Measurement Data
”). We then apply proprietary Quantcast algorithms and other data to the Measurement Data to generate the “
Measurement Results
”, which we make available to you on the Quantcast website (see Section 3). For more information about how the Services work, please see our
FAQ
.
To measure Reachpoints that you do not own or control, you may provide your Tag to a third party who accepts this Agreement (any such third party, an
“
Authorized Affiliate
”
); you may also instruct us to give the Authorized Affiliate access to the Measurement Results.
Registration.
In order to access the Services you must register for a Quantcast account on the Quantcast website. Each new app you Tag requires its own registration and then receives its own unique API key. In registering, you agree to provide accurate, current, and complete information, and to keep it up to date. Any processing of Personal Data when registering for a Quantcast account will be processed in accordance with the Quantcast Privacy Policy which you can access
here
.
You are responsible for keeping your password confidential. You hereby take responsibility for all actions taken—and instructions provided to Quantcast—under your account or with the Measurement Results, by you or any third parties, whether or not authorized. You will notify Quantcast immediately of any unauthorized or non-compliant use of your account and will cooperate with us in stopping it.
Measurement Data and Results.
Quantcast uses each piece of Measurement Data both to understand your audience (for your benefit only) and as one of trillions of data points for predictive analytics and in determining what content and advertising to show individuals across the internet and other digital applications. You acknowledge that Quantcast may use Personal Information it receives from you to provide services to other Quantcast clients or for Quantcast’s commercial interests that may be unrelated to providing the Services to you.
Quantcast will never sell your audience (whether identified as such or not) and you control the extent to which Quantcast displays the Measurement Results.
Quantcast grants you perpetual rights to use, copy, and distribute the Measurement Results, including with our sharable widgets, only as long as you:
Credit Us. Conspicuously include: “Source: Quantcast
www.quantcast.com
”;
Present the Measurement Results Exactly as We Provided It. Do not: (i) manipulate or modify the Measurement Results to state or suggest different results from those specifically presented by Quantcast; (ii) combine information related to different Quantcast profiles (for example, by adding together the reach from two different sites instead of presenting the cross-site unduplicated reach measurement provided by Quantcast); (iii) quantitatively aggregate or combine information in the Measurement Results with information derived from other sources (but offering a comparison with information derived from other sources is permissible);
Don’t Use Our Work to Compete with Us. Do not use the information in the Measurement Results in any way that competes with Quantcast; and
Bind Third Parties. If you provide the information in the Measurement Results directly to any third party (rather than by having them access the information through the Quantcast website), you must ensure that they agree to be bound by and comply with the terms of this Agreement including the foregoing requirements.
Tagging Rules and Privacy.
You agree not to misrepresent your digital traffic, audience, or user activity in connection with Quantcast, the Services, or any Tags. You agree not to tag any adware or spyware inventory, or any Reachpoint revealing precise geographic location (i.e., information that describes the precise location of a device derived through any technology that is capable of determining with reasonable specificity the actual physical location of an individual or device), specific health / medical /sex-life information, credit card or financial data, or criminal convictions or charges. In addition, if you are an EU established company or person or your Reachpoints are directed towards end users in the EU, you agree not to tag any Reachpoint revealing other sensitive or special category Personal Data, including racial or ethnic origin, political opinions or parties, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership. If you represent to Quantcast (e.g., during the signup process) that your Reachpoints are directed to users under the age of 16, Quantcast will not collect any Personal Data from such Reachpoints and you will not receive those of our services that require collection of data across different websites. You will not modify the Tag other than as described in a
Quantcast Learning Center Guide
. You agree to update your Tag (which may require retagging your Reachpoints) when we notify you of any Tag fixes, updates or upgrades. You will use the Tag in the top most frame possible. You will retain the Tag’s origin address that we provided, in full.
You agree to comply with Applicable Privacy Laws and also industry self-regulation Principles and Codes of Conduct for interest-based advertising in connection with your use of the Tag and the Services. You agree not to use the Services to track or collect personally identifiable information of end users. To the extent that the web pages or apps in which you place the Technology are accessed by end users in the EU, you agree to implement a transparency and consent solution compatible with the
IAB Europe Transparency and Consent Framework
(such as
Quantcast Choice
) or another solution mutually agreed by both parties in writing. While you are implementing such consent solution, you agree to (i) obtain consent for Quantcast to use cookies and similar technologies in compliance with Applicable Privacy Laws, (ii) provide proof of such consent if requested by Quantcast, and (iii) not permit calls from your web pages or apps to Quantcast servers if such consent has not be obtained. Wherever possible, you agree to name Quantcast as a party for or by whom cookies or similar technologies are used to access the device and Personal Data is collected through your webpages or apps.
You further agree to prominently display to end users a user friendly, easily accessible, clear and comprehensive privacy policy (and, if necessitated by Applicable Privacy Laws, a separate cookie policy) that, where required, complies with Applicable Privacy Laws and contains the following (a) a statement that your site or app permits data collection for interest-based advertising, (ii) a description of the types of data collected for such advertising, (iii) an explanation of the purposes for which data is collected by, or transferred to, third parties, and (iv) a conspicuous link to either an opt-out mechanism, such as the NAI or DAA opt-outs for non-EU established companies or a consent revocation page for EU established companies. If you use the Services to collect data from a network of domains or subdomains, you will inform each in advance of such disclosures.
In the case of app measurement, operating system platforms provide device-level setting options that allow end users to indicate their preference with respect to third party data collection and targeted advertising (the “
Ad Preference Setting
”). Quantcast treats these device level Ad Preference Settings as consumer opt-outs and you will accurately pass the Ad Preference Setting to Quantcast. You will not send any identifier associated with a device to the extent that such device has otherwise indicated that the end user wishes to be opted out of advertisement tracking.
To the extent that GDPR applies, you and Quantcast are each separate and independent data controllers of any Personal Data which you and we may disclose or receive under this Agreement. You and Quantcast, pursuant to this Agreement, do not and will not jointly determine the purposes or the means of processing of any Personal Data disclosed or received under this Agreement.
To the extent that CCPA applies, Quantcast is a Third Party in its relationship with you regarding your use of the Services.
If you are a Business subject to CCPA, you agree to prominently post a “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” link on all of your Reachpoints, and to provide consumers with the disclosures required of Businesses by CCPA.
Restrictions.
You agree to use the Services only in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. You will not use the Service to engage in any illegal or offensive acts or serve any illegal content via any Reachpoint. You will not:
Interfere or attempt to interfere with the operation or security-related features of the Services or the Technology;
Delete, or in any manner alter, the copyright, trademark, or other proprietary rights notices appearing on any Quantcast Content;
Represent that Quantcast endorses or supports your services; make any representations and warranties concerning any aspect of the Services, the Technology, or Measurement Results to any Authorized Third Parties or other third parties; or
Attempt to index, scrape, search, or crawl the Services or the Quantcast website with any automated process; or attempt to access any information or technology relating to the Services, the Quantcast website, or our proprietary algorithms through any means not intentionally made available by Quantcast to you.
Quantcast Rights.
All right, title, and interest, including intellectual property rights, in and to the Quantcast website, the Services, the Technology, and the Quantcast Content are and will remain the exclusive property of Quantcast (“
Quantcast Property
”). Except as expressly permitted in this Agreement, you will not reproduce, modify, or prepare derivative works based upon, distribute, license, sell, transfer, publicly display, publicly perform, transmit, or use such Quantcast Property. In the event that your Quantcast account is suspended or terminated, Quantcast will continue to respect this Agreement’s limits on our use of the Measurement Data and will cease all public display of the Measurement Results.
Quantcast servers may choose to occasionally respond to any publisher’s Tag by redirecting the browser to a third-party anonymous beacon to support the provision of Quantcast services in market. The decision to beacon is not related to you, your traffic, or your user base.
Indemnity.
Quantcast agrees to defend, indemnify, and hold you harmless from any judgments, damages, loss, liability, or costs (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) resulting from a third-party claim that the Technology or the Services infringe any U.S. or European intellectual property rights, provided that you (i) promptly inform and furnish Quantcast with a copy of each related communication and action, (ii) allow Quantcast to assume full control of the defense and settlement, and (iii) assist and cooperate with Quantcast, at Quantcast’s expense. Quantcast will have no obligation or liability hereunder where the claim results from any combination with, addition to, or modification of the Services or the Technology, from your failure to update your Tag, from your or any Authorized Affiliate breach of this Agreement, or from failure to obtain consent for your and our use of cookies or other tracking technology in accordance with Applicable Privacy Laws. If the Services or Technology become, or, in Quantcast’s opinion are likely to become, the subject of a third-party claim against you, Quantcast may, at its option and expense, procure rights for you to continue using the Services or the Technology, replace or modify the same so that it performs substantially similar functions but does not infringe, or terminate this Agreement.
The foregoing states the sole and exclusive liability of Quantcast and your sole remedy with respect to third party claims of any kind.
You agree to indemnify and hold Quantcast harmless from any judgments, damages, loss, liability, or costs (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) resulting from a third-party claim resulting from your failure to update your Tag when we notify you of any Tag fixes, updates or upgrades.
Warranty Disclaimer.
The services and related information are provided “as is,” without warranty or condition of any kind, either express or implied. Without limiting the foregoing, Quantcast explicitly disclaims any warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, quiet enjoyment, or non-infringement. Quantcast makes no warranty that the Services, the Quantcast website, or the Quantcast content will (1) meet your requirements, (2) be available on an uninterrupted, secure, or error-free basis, or (3) not cause any latency or processing delays. Quantcast is under no obligation to retain any Measurement Data or to keep the site up and running for any period of time. Quantcast makes no warranty regarding the accuracy, timeliness, truthfulness, completeness, or reliability of any information obtained through the Services, the Quantcast website, or the Quantcast content. No information, whether oral or written, will create any warranty or representation not expressly made herein. The foregoing exclusions and disclaimers are an essential part of this Agreement and formed a basis for enabling Quantcast to offer the Services to you. Some jurisdictions do not allow exclusion of certain warranties so this disclaimer may not apply to you in full.
Suspension and Termination.
Unless otherwise terminated as set forth herein, this Agreement will remain in full force and effect while you use the Services. You may terminate your Quantcast account and this Agreement at any time by both (i) “dequantifying” by deleting all Reachpoints from your profile on the Quantcast website (or, alternatively, by emailing
contact@quantcast.com
(if you are resident in the US) or
contact.dublin@quantcast.com
(if you are resident outside the US) with your complete account information and explicit request to terminate) and (ii) removing the Tags from all of your Reachpoints. Quantcast may terminate or suspend your access to the Services or terminate this Agreement at any time, for any reason or no reason and without any liability to you. Upon termination, all licenses and other rights granted to you under this Agreement will immediately cease. Quantcast will not be liable to you or any third party for termination of this Agreement (whether by Quantcast or by you) or any termination or suspension of your use of the Services. Upon any termination or suspension, information in connection with your account may no longer be accessed by you. Notwithstanding the above, Sections 4 through 9, Sections 11 through 13, and the second paragraph of Section 3 will survive termination.
Modification of the Service and of the Terms.
Quantcast reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to modify or discontinue the Quantcast website and Services without notice. Quantcast may also modify this Agreement from time to time. If the modified Agreement is not acceptable to you, you may terminate your account within 30 days by following the two-step procedure described in Section 9. Use of the Quantcast website, use of any Tag to contact Quantcast’s servers, or use of the Services, after 30 days, will constitute your acceptance thereof.
Limitation of Liability.
In no event will Quantcast be liable to you or any third party for any consequential loss, exemplary damages, incidental loss, special damages or loss, lost profit, loss or deletion of Measurement Data or Measurement Results, or punitive damages arising from your use of the Services, even if Quantcast has been advised of the possibility of such damages. These limitations formed a basis for enabling Quantcast to offer these Services to you. This paragraph will apply regardless of any failure of the exclusive remedy provided in the following paragraph.
Except with regard to Quantcast’s obligations under Section 7, liability stemming from death or personal injury resulting from Quantcast’s negligence, or Quantcast’s fraud, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Quantcast’s liability to you for any cause whatsoever and regardless of the form of the action, will at all times be limited to two hundred fifty U.S. dollars (US$250.00).
Miscellaneous.
This Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement between the parties with respect to the Services and supersedes all previous and contemporaneous agreements, proposals, and communications, written or oral between Quantcast and you with respect thereto. Any agreements regarding the delivery or use of advertising segments will govern the parties’ relationship in connection with the applicable segments but will not affect the parties’ rights, restrictions, or obligations under this Agreement, which the parties acknowledge as separate subject matter. Any waiver by either party of any violation of this Agreement will not be deemed to waive any further or future violation of the same or any other provision. If any parts or provisions of this Agreement are held to be unenforceable, then you and Quantcast agree that such parts or provisions will be given maximum permissible force and effect and the remainder of the Agreement will be fully enforceable. You and Quantcast agree that there are no third party beneficiaries of any promises, obligations or representations made by Quantcast. Either Party may assign its rights, data, and duties, under this Agreement in their entirety in connection with a sale of all (or substantially all) of its assets relating to this Agreement, a merger, or a reorganization. Nothing in this Agreement will constitute a partnership or joint venture or joint controllership between you and Quantcast.
This Agreement and any dispute relating to this Agreement will be governed by the laws of the United States and the laws of the State of California, without regard to U.S. or California choice of law rules. You and Quantcast agree and consent that jurisdiction, proper venue, and the most convenient forums for all claims, actions, and proceedings of any kind relating to Quantcast or the matters in this Agreement will be exclusively in courts located in San Francisco, California.
This Agreement is drafted in the English language. Any translation into another language is provided for convenience only. In the event of any inconsistency between the English language version and any translation, the English language version shall prevail.
Notice.
All notices or other communications to Quantcast from you will be deemed given only when received by hand delivery, electronic mail, or prepaid first class mail, at the address below or any other address provided by Quantcast to you for these purposes:
Persons in the United States, please contact:
Quantcast Corp.
795 Folsom Street
San Francisco, CA 94107
Attn: Legal Department
Email:
contact@quantcast.com
Persons outside of the United States, please contact:
Quantcast International Limited
Beaux Lane House
Lower Mercer Street, 1st Floor
Dublin 2, Ireland
Attn: Legal Department
Email:
contact.dublin@quantcast.com
Definitions
“Applicable Privacy Laws”
means any applicable privacy or data protection laws, statutes or regulations as may be amended, extended or re-enacted from time to time, including, where applicable, (a) the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (“
GDPR
”)  and any EU Member State laws implementing GDPR; (b) the California Consumer Privacy Act, Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.100
et seq.
(“
CCPA
”); and; (c) the e-Privacy Directive 2002/58/EC, as amended and as transposed into EU Member State law and any legislation replacing the e-Privacy Directive.
“Authorized Affiliate”
means a third party that you allow to use your Tag, your account, or the Measurement Results.
“
Business
” has the same meaning as in CCPA.
“Measurement Data”
has the meaning given to it in Section 1.
“Measurement Results”
has the meaning defined in Section 1.
“
Personal Data
”
has the same meaning as in GDPR.
“
Personal Information
” has the same meaning as in CCPA.
“Quantcast Content”
means the content of the Quantcast website and the Services, including the Measurement Data and Measurement Results.
“
Quantcast Property
” has the meaning given to it in Section 6.
“Reachpoint”
has the meaning given to it in Section 1.
“Services”
means Quantcast Measurement: the digital audience ratings service that allows you (or an Authorized Affiliate) to define and measure specific online events by tagging Reachpoints, as described herein and as governed by these terms and conditions.
“Tag”
means the particular javascript or other audience measurement code or software development kit provided to you by Quantcast, which allows Quantcast to set a cookie and embeddable on web pages, media files, and other Reachpoints, together with any labels and any fixes, updates, and upgrades provided to you.
“Technology”
means, separately and collectively, the Tags, and Quantcast’s proprietary technology that generates the Measurement Results.
“Third Party”
has the same meaning as in CCPA.
Contracting Party.
If you reside in the US this Agreement is between you and Quantcast Corporation. If you reside outside of the US, this Agreement is between you and Quantcast International Limited, an Irish limited liability company. References to “Quantcast”, “us”, “we” and “our” mean either Quantcast Corporation or Quantcast International Limited as appropriate.
Effective July 21st 2021
to
July 23rd 2021
Download
Table of Contents
Quantcast Measure and Q for Publishers Terms of Service
Effective: January 1, 2020
Once you have agreed to these
Terms and Conditions
you will be able to download and install the Quantcast Measure Tag. These terms will apply on after such download and installation.
This Quantcast Measure and Q for Publishers Terms of Service (this
“Agreement”
) describes the terms and conditions on which Quantcast makes Quantcast Measure and Q for Publishers (the
“Services”
) available to you.
BY CLICKING THE “I ACCEPT” BUTTON, COMPLETING THE REGISTRATION PROCESS, OR USING THE SERVICES, YOU ARE AGREEING TO BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU ARE ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF A COMPANY OR OTHER LEGAL ENTITY, YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU HAVE THE AUTHORITY TO BIND SUCH ENTITY, IN WHICH CASE THE TERMS “YOU” OR “YOUR” WILL REFER TO SUCH ENTITY (OR, IF SUCH ENTITY IS ACTING AS AN AUTHORIZED AFFILIATE, THEN THE TERMS “YOU” OR “YOUR” WILL REFER TO SUCH ENTITY, THE AUTHORIZING PARTY(IES), OR BOTH, AS APPLICABLE). QUANTCAST MAY MODIFY THIS AGREEMENT FROM TIME TO TIME; CONTINUED USE 30 DAYS AFTER NOTIFICATION WILL CONSTITUTE ACCEPTANCE (SEE SECTION 10).
Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein are defined in Section 14.
Introduction: Reachpoints, Tags, and Measurement Data.
Quantcast Measure is a free digital audience measurement service that allows you to tag web pages, video, advertisements, apps, content, and paid search campaigns (what we call, “
Reachpoints
”) for direct measurement.
You can also define and measure actions and events by customizing your Tags with labels. You have complete control over (and are solely responsible for) which Reachpoints are tagged, how segments are labelled (e.g., with meaningful or obfuscated names), and how the resulting Measurement Results are or are not disclosed publicly.
Each time a browser visits your tagged Reachpoints, Quantcast may, in accordance with Applicable Privacy Laws, collect traffic statistics like those in any web server log (what we call, “
Measurement Data
”). We then apply proprietary Quantcast algorithms and other data to the Measurement Data to generate the “
Measurement Results
”, which we make available to you on the Quantcast website (see Section 3). For more information about how the Services work, please see our
FAQ
.
To measure Reachpoints that you do not own or control, you may provide your Tag to a third party who accepts this Agreement (any such third party, an
“
Authorized Affiliate
”
); you may also instruct us to give the Authorized Affiliate access to the Measurement Results.
Registration.
In order to access the Services you must register for a Quantcast account on the Quantcast website. Each new app you Tag requires its own registration and then receives its own unique API key. In registering, you agree to provide accurate, current, and complete information, and to keep it up to date. Any processing of Personal Data when registering for a Quantcast account will be processed in accordance with the Quantcast Privacy Policy which you can access
here
.
You are responsible for keeping your password confidential. You hereby take responsibility for all actions taken—and instructions provided to Quantcast—under your account or with the Measurement Results, by you or any third parties, whether or not authorized. You will notify Quantcast immediately of any unauthorized or non-compliant use of your account and will cooperate with us in stopping it.
Measurement Data and Results.
Quantcast uses each piece of Measurement Data both to understand your audience (for your benefit only) and as one of trillions of data points for predictive analytics and in determining what content and advertising to show individuals across the internet and other digital applications. You acknowledge that Quantcast may use Personal Information it receives from you to provide services to other Quantcast clients or for Quantcast’s commercial interests that may be unrelated to providing the Services to you.
Quantcast will never sell your audience (whether identified as such or not) and you control the extent to which Quantcast displays the Measurement Results.
Quantcast grants you perpetual rights to use, copy, and distribute the Measurement Results, including with our sharable widgets, only as long as you:
Credit Us. Conspicuously include: “Source: Quantcast
www.quantcast.com
”;
Present the Measurement Results Exactly as We Provided It. Do not: (i) manipulate or modify the Measurement Results to state or suggest different results from those specifically presented by Quantcast; (ii) combine information related to different Quantcast profiles (for example, by adding together the reach from two different sites instead of presenting the cross-site unduplicated reach measurement provided by Quantcast); (iii) quantitatively aggregate or combine information in the Measurement Results with information derived from other sources (but offering a comparison with information derived from other sources is permissible);
Don’t Use Our Work to Compete with Us. Do not use the information in the Measurement Results in any way that competes with Quantcast; and
Bind Third Parties. If you provide the information in the Measurement Results directly to any third party (rather than by having them access the information through the Quantcast website), you must ensure that they agree to be bound by and comply with the terms of this Agreement including the foregoing requirements.
Tagging Rules and Privacy.
You agree not to misrepresent your digital traffic, audience, or user activity in connection with Quantcast, the Services, or any Tags. You agree not to tag any adware or spyware inventory, or any Reachpoint revealing precise geographic location (i.e., information that describes the precise location of a device derived through any technology that is capable of determining with reasonable specificity the actual physical location of an individual or device), specific health / medical /sex-life information, credit card or financial data, or criminal convictions or charges. In addition, if you are an EU established company or person or your Reachpoints are directed towards end users in the EU, you agree not to tag any Reachpoint revealing other sensitive or special category Personal Data, including racial or ethnic origin, political opinions or parties, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership. If you represent to Quantcast (e.g., during the signup process) that your Reachpoints are directed to users under the age of 16, Quantcast will not collect any Personal Data from such Reachpoints and you will not receive those of our services that require collection of data across different websites. You will not modify the Tag other than as described in a
Quantcast Learning Center Guide
. You agree to update your Tag (which may require retagging your Reachpoints) when we notify you of any Tag fixes, updates or upgrades. You will use the Tag in the top most frame possible. You will retain the Tag’s origin address that we provided, in full.
You agree to comply with Applicable Privacy Laws and also industry self-regulation Principles and Codes of Conduct for interest-based advertising in connection with your use of the Tag and the Services. You agree not to use the Services to track or collect personally identifiable information of end users. To the extent that the web pages or apps in which you place the Technology are accessed by end users in the EU, you agree to implement a transparency and consent solution compatible with the
IAB Europe Transparency and Consent Framework
(such as
Quantcast Choice
) or another solution mutually agreed by both parties in writing. While you are implementing such consent solution, you agree to (i) obtain consent for Quantcast to use cookies and similar technologies in compliance with Applicable Privacy Laws, (ii) provide proof of such consent if requested by Quantcast, and (iii) not permit calls from your web pages or apps to Quantcast servers if such consent has not be obtained. Wherever possible, you agree to name Quantcast as a party for or by whom cookies or similar technologies are used to access the device and Personal Data is collected through your webpages or apps.
You further agree to prominently display to end users a user friendly, easily accessible, clear and comprehensive privacy policy (and, if necessitated by Applicable Privacy Laws, a separate cookie policy) that, where required, complies with Applicable Privacy Laws and contains the following (a) a statement that your site or app permits data collection for interest-based advertising, (ii) a description of the types of data collected for such advertising, (iii) an explanation of the purposes for which data is collected by, or transferred to, third parties, and (iv) a conspicuous link to either an opt-out mechanism, such as the NAI or DAA opt-outs for non-EU established companies or a consent revocation page for EU established companies. If you use the Services to collect data from a network of domains or subdomains, you will inform each in advance of such disclosures.
In the case of app measurement, operating system platforms provide device-level setting options that allow end users to indicate their preference with respect to third party data collection and targeted advertising (the “
Ad Preference Setting
”). Quantcast treats these device level Ad Preference Settings as consumer opt-outs and you will accurately pass the Ad Preference Setting to Quantcast. You will not send any identifier associated with a device to the extent that such device has otherwise indicated that the end user wishes to be opted out of advertisement tracking.
To the extent that GDPR applies, you and Quantcast are each separate and independent data controllers of any Personal Data which you and we may disclose or receive under this Agreement. You and Quantcast, pursuant to this Agreement, do not and will not jointly determine the purposes or the means of processing of any Personal Data disclosed or received under this Agreement.
To the extent that CCPA applies, Quantcast is a Third Party in its relationship with you regarding your use of the Services.
If you are a Business subject to CCPA, you agree to prominently post a “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” link on all of your Reachpoints, and to provide consumers with the disclosures required of Businesses by CCPA.
Restrictions.
You agree to use the Services only in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. You will not use the Service to engage in any illegal or offensive acts or serve any illegal content via any Reachpoint. You will not:
Interfere or attempt to interfere with the operation or security-related features of the Services or the Technology;
Delete, or in any manner alter, the copyright, trademark, or other proprietary rights notices appearing on any Quantcast Content;
Represent that Quantcast endorses or supports your services; make any representations and warranties concerning any aspect of the Services, the Technology, or Measurement Results to any Authorized Third Parties or other third parties; or
Attempt to index, scrape, search, or crawl the Services or the Quantcast website with any automated process; or attempt to access any information or technology relating to the Services, the Quantcast website, or our proprietary algorithms through any means not intentionally made available by Quantcast to you.
Quantcast Rights.
All right, title, and interest, including intellectual property rights, in and to the Quantcast website, the Services, the Technology, and the Quantcast Content are and will remain the exclusive property of Quantcast (“
Quantcast Property
”). Except as expressly permitted in this Agreement, you will not reproduce, modify, or prepare derivative works based upon, distribute, license, sell, transfer, publicly display, publicly perform, transmit, or use such Quantcast Property. In the event that your Quantcast account is suspended or terminated, Quantcast will continue to respect this Agreement’s limits on our use of the Measurement Data and will cease all public display of the Measurement Results.
Quantcast servers may choose to occasionally respond to any publisher’s Tag by redirecting the browser to a third-party anonymous beacon to support the provision of Quantcast services in market. The decision to beacon is not related to you, your traffic, or your user base.
Indemnity.
Quantcast agrees to defend, indemnify, and hold you harmless from any judgments, damages, loss, liability, or costs (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) resulting from a third-party claim that the Technology or the Services infringe any U.S. or European intellectual property rights, provided that you (i) promptly inform and furnish Quantcast with a copy of each related communication and action, (ii) allow Quantcast to assume full control of the defense and settlement, and (iii) assist and cooperate with Quantcast, at Quantcast’s expense. Quantcast will have no obligation or liability hereunder where the claim results from any combination with, addition to, or modification of the Services or the Technology, from your failure to update your Tag, from your or any Authorized Affiliate breach of this Agreement, or from failure to obtain consent for your and our use of cookies or other tracking technology in accordance with Applicable Privacy Laws. If the Services or Technology become, or, in Quantcast’s opinion are likely to become, the subject of a third-party claim against you, Quantcast may, at its option and expense, procure rights for you to continue using the Services or the Technology, replace or modify the same so that it performs substantially similar functions but does not infringe, or terminate this Agreement.
The foregoing states the sole and exclusive liability of Quantcast and your sole remedy with respect to third party claims of any kind.
You agree to indemnify and hold Quantcast harmless from any judgments, damages, loss, liability, or costs (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) resulting from a third-party claim resulting from your failure to update your Tag when we notify you of any Tag fixes, updates or upgrades.
Warranty Disclaimer.
The services and related information are provided “as is,” without warranty or condition of any kind, either express or implied. Without limiting the foregoing, Quantcast explicitly disclaims any warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, quiet enjoyment, or non-infringement. Quantcast makes no warranty that the Services, the Quantcast website, or the Quantcast content will (1) meet your requirements, (2) be available on an uninterrupted, secure, or error-free basis, or (3) not cause any latency or processing delays. Quantcast is under no obligation to retain any Measurement Data or to keep the site up and running for any period of time. Quantcast makes no warranty regarding the accuracy, timeliness, truthfulness, completeness, or reliability of any information obtained through the Services, the Quantcast website, or the Quantcast content. No information, whether oral or written, will create any warranty or representation not expressly made herein. The foregoing exclusions and disclaimers are an essential part of this Agreement and formed a basis for enabling Quantcast to offer the Services to you. Some jurisdictions do not allow exclusion of certain warranties so this disclaimer may not apply to you in full.
Suspension and Termination.
Unless otherwise terminated as set forth herein, this Agreement will remain in full force and effect while you use the Services. You may terminate your Quantcast account and this Agreement at any time by both (i) “dequantifying” by deleting all Reachpoints from your profile on the Quantcast website (or, alternatively, by emailing
contact@quantcast.com
(if you are resident in the US) or
contact.dublin@quantcast.com
(if you are resident outside the US) with your complete account information and explicit request to terminate) and (ii) removing the Tags from all of your Reachpoints. Quantcast may terminate or suspend your access to the Services or terminate this Agreement at any time, for any reason or no reason and without any liability to you. Upon termination, all licenses and other rights granted to you under this Agreement will immediately cease. Quantcast will not be liable to you or any third party for termination of this Agreement (whether by Quantcast or by you) or any termination or suspension of your use of the Services. Upon any termination or suspension, information in connection with your account may no longer be accessed by you. Notwithstanding the above, Sections 4 through 9, Sections 11 through 13, and the second paragraph of Section 3 will survive termination.
Modification of the Service and of the Terms.
Quantcast reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to modify or discontinue the Quantcast website and Services without notice. Quantcast may also modify this Agreement from time to time. If the modified Agreement is not acceptable to you, you may terminate your account within 30 days by following the two-step procedure described in Section 9. Use of the Quantcast website, use of any Tag to contact Quantcast’s servers, or use of the Services, after 30 days, will constitute your acceptance thereof.
Limitation of Liability.
In no event will Quantcast be liable to you or any third party for any consequential loss, exemplary damages, incidental loss, special damages or loss, lost profit, loss or deletion of Measurement Data or Measurement Results, or punitive damages arising from your use of the Services, even if Quantcast has been advised of the possibility of such damages. These limitations formed a basis for enabling Quantcast to offer these Services to you. This paragraph will apply regardless of any failure of the exclusive remedy provided in the following paragraph.
Except with regard to Quantcast’s obligations under Section 7, liability stemming from death or personal injury resulting from Quantcast’s negligence, or Quantcast’s fraud, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Quantcast’s liability to you for any cause whatsoever and regardless of the form of the action, will at all times be limited to two hundred fifty U.S. dollars (US$250.00).
Miscellaneous.
This Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement between the parties with respect to the Services and supersedes all previous and contemporaneous agreements, proposals, and communications, written or oral between Quantcast and you with respect thereto. Any agreements regarding the delivery or use of advertising segments will govern the parties’ relationship in connection with the applicable segments but will not affect the parties’ rights, restrictions, or obligations under this Agreement, which the parties acknowledge as separate subject matter. Any waiver by either party of any violation of this Agreement will not be deemed to waive any further or future violation of the same or any other provision. If any parts or provisions of this Agreement are held to be unenforceable, then you and Quantcast agree that such parts or provisions will be given maximum permissible force and effect and the remainder of the Agreement will be fully enforceable. You and Quantcast agree that there are no third party beneficiaries of any promises, obligations or representations made by Quantcast. Either Party may assign its rights, data, and duties, under this Agreement in their entirety in connection with a sale of all (or substantially all) of its assets relating to this Agreement, a merger, or a reorganization. Nothing in this Agreement will constitute a partnership or joint venture or joint controllership between you and Quantcast.
This Agreement and any dispute relating to this Agreement will be governed by the laws of the United States and the laws of the State of California, without regard to U.S. or California choice of law rules. You and Quantcast agree and consent that jurisdiction, proper venue, and the most convenient forums for all claims, actions, and proceedings of any kind relating to Quantcast or the matters in this Agreement will be exclusively in courts located in San Francisco, California.
This Agreement is drafted in the English language. Any translation into another language is provided for convenience only. In the event of any inconsistency between the English language version and any translation, the English language version shall prevail.
Notice.
All notices or other communications to Quantcast from you will be deemed given only when received by hand delivery, electronic mail, or prepaid first class mail, at the address below or any other address provided by Quantcast to you for these purposes:
Persons in the United States, please contact:
Quantcast Corp.
795 Folsom Street
San Francisco, CA 94107
Attn: Legal Department
Email:
contact@quantcast.com
Persons outside of the United States, please contact:
Quantcast International Limited
Beaux Lane House
Lower Mercer Street, 1st Floor
Dublin 2, Ireland
Attn: Legal Department
Email:
contact.dublin@quantcast.com
Definitions
“Applicable Privacy Laws”
means any applicable privacy or data protection laws, statutes or regulations as may be amended, extended or re-enacted from time to time, including, where applicable, (a) the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (“
GDPR
”)  and any EU Member State laws implementing GDPR; (b) the California Consumer Privacy Act, Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.100
et seq.
(“
CCPA
”); and; (c) the e-Privacy Directive 2002/58/EC, as amended and as transposed into EU Member State law and any legislation replacing the e-Privacy Directive.
“Authorized Affiliate”
means a third party that you allow to use your Tag, your account, or the Measurement Results.
“
Business
” has the same meaning as in CCPA.
“Measurement Data”
has the meaning given to it in Section 1.
“Measurement Results”
has the meaning defined in Section 1.
“
Personal Data
”
has the same meaning as in GDPR.
“
Personal Information
” has the same meaning as in CCPA.
“Quantcast Content”
means the content of the Quantcast website and the Services, including the Measurement Data and Measurement Results.
“
Quantcast Property
” has the meaning given to it in Section 6.
“Reachpoint”
has the meaning given to it in Section 1.
“Services”
means Quantcast Measurement: the digital audience ratings service that allows you (or an Authorized Affiliate) to define and measure specific online events by tagging Reachpoints, as described herein and as governed by these terms and conditions.
“Tag”
means the particular javascript or other audience measurement code or software development kit provided to you by Quantcast, which allows Quantcast to set a cookie and embeddable on web pages, media files, and other Reachpoints, together with any labels and any fixes, updates, and upgrades provided to you.
“Technology”
means, separately and collectively, the Tags, and Quantcast’s proprietary technology that generates the Measurement Results.
“Third Party”
has the same meaning as in CCPA.
Contracting Party.
If you reside in the US this Agreement is between you and Quantcast Corporation. If you reside outside of the US, this Agreement is between you and Quantcast International Limited, an Irish limited liability company. References to “Quantcast”, “us”, “we” and “our” mean either Quantcast Corporation or Quantcast International Limited as appropriate.
Effective August 28th 2023
Download
Table of Contents
Effective Date: May 16, 2023
This US Data Privacy Addendum (this “
Addendum
”) entered into by Customer and Quantcast (each, a “
Party
” and collectively, the “
Parties
”), governs the Processing of Personal Information that Customer transmits or otherwise makes available to Quantcast in connection with the delivery of Quantcast’s services (“
Services
”).
This Addendum is incorporated into the relevant Quantcast services agreement executed by the Parties (the “
Agreement
”). This Addendum reflects the Parties’ agreement with respect to the Processing of Personal Information pursuant to the Agreement and is applicable solely to the extent that the US State Privacy Laws apply.
In the event of any inconsistency between the terms of the Agreement and this Addendum, the terms of this Addendum shall prevail.
1.
Definitions
. Capitalized terms used in this Addendum that are not defined herein shall have the same meaning as set forth in the Agreement.
1.1. “
Consumer
” means a natural person to whom Personal Information relates.
1.2. “
Consumer Rights Request
” means a request made by a Consumer to exercise his or her rights under the US State Privacy Laws in relation to Personal Information.
1.3. “
Controller
” means the party that alone or jointly with others determines the purpose and means of the Processing of Personal Information.
1.4. “
Personal Information
” means any information relating to a Consumer that is subject to protection under the US State Privacy Laws and includes information that is referred to as “personal data” and similar terms as may be defined in the US State Privacy Laws.
1.5. “
Processor
” means the party that Processes Personal Information on behalf of the Controller.
1.6. “
Subprocessor
” means a party engaged by Quantcast in the Processing of the Customer Personal Information on Customer’s behalf.
1.7. “
US State Privacy Laws
” means privacy laws, regulations, or guidance applicable to the Processing of Personal Information in any relevant jurisdiction, including the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended, including by the California Privacy Rights Act and implementing regulations (“
CCPA
”), the Colorado Privacy Act (“
CPA
”), the Connecticut Act Concerning Protection and Online Monitoring (“
CTDPA
”), the Utah Consumer Privacy Act (“
UCPA
”), the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (“
VCDPA
”), and any other similar applicable laws that are in effect or come into effect during the term of the Agreement.
1.8. The terms “
Business
,” “
Process
,”
“Sale
” (or “
Sell
”), “
Service Provider
,” “
Share
,” and “
Third Party
” have the meanings ascribed to them in the CCPA.
2.
Quantcast as a Third Party
.
2.1.
Role of Quantcast.
The Parties acknowledge and agree that with regard to the Personal Information that Customer makes available to Quantcast through the Tag pursuant to the Agreement and any Personal Information included in the Customer Data (the “
Disclosed Personal Information
”), Quantcast is a Third Party. In its role as a Third Party, Quantcast shall comply with the obligations that apply to it under the US State Privacy Laws (including with respect to the Disclosed Personal Information) and provide the Disclosed Personal Information the level of privacy protection required by such laws. In the event that Quantcast determines that it can no longer meet its obligations under the US State Privacy Laws with respect to the Disclosed Personal Information, it shall take commercially reasonable steps to notify Customer.
2.2.
Processing of the Disclosed Personal Information.
Customer makes the Disclosed Personal Information available to Quantcast for the limited and specified purpose of providing Customer with access to Quantcast’s platform and the Services and as otherwise described in the Agreement. Quantcast shall not Process the Disclosed Personal Information for any other purpose unless such Processing is explicitly permitted or required by the US State Privacy Laws or other applicable law.
2.3.
Data Security
. Quantcast shall maintain technical and organizational measures designed to protect the Disclosed Personal Information against any breach of security leading to the accidental or unlawful destruction, use, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to the Disclosed Personal Information.
2.4.
Consumer Rights Requests
. In accordance with the US State Privacy Laws, Customer shall notify Quantcast in writing or through other methods agreed upon by the Parties of all Consumer Rights Requests it receives relating to the Disclosed Personal Information with which Quantcast must comply (including deletion and opt-out requests).
2.5.
Compliance Verification
. At reasonable intervals during the term of the Agreement not to exceed more than once in a given twelve (12) month period, Quantcast shall, upon written request, make available to Customer information or documentation necessary to demonstrate its compliance with its obligations under this Addendum with respect to the Disclosed Personal Information. In the event that the information or documentation provided by Quantcast reveals any unauthorized use of the Disclosed Personal Information, Customer and Quantcast shall promptly work together in good faith to agree upon reasonable and appropriate steps to stop and remediate the unauthorized use.
3.
Modifications
. The Parties agree to cooperate in good faith to amend the terms of this Addendum and/or enter into additional terms as necessary to address modifications, amendments, or updates to the US State Privacy Laws.
Effective December 16th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Key Terms
Effective: December 15 2024
Capitalized terms that are not defined in these Key Terms are as defined in the
Quantcast Products and Services Privacy Policy
. These Key Terms are for use in understanding the Quantcast Products and Services Privacy Policy. Nothing in these Key Terms modifies any active agreement with any Quantcast customer, vendor or other business partner (e.g., agreements for the Advertise and Measure product, etc.).
Advertising Exchange
See
Exchange/Advertising Exchange
.
Attributes/Attribute Information
Attributes are known, observed, or inferred characteristics. Examples of attributes are “male” and “visited XYZ website”. Attributes may be derived from
Event Data
,
Bid Request Data
,
Client Data
,
Third Party Data
, and
Inferences/Inferred Data
. Quantcast associates attributes with
Pseudonymous Identifiers
.
Audience
An Audience is a group of devices and/or users who are known to or are estimated to have certain common characteristics. A characteristic in common may be an
Interest
, such as an interest in cooking. A characteristic in common may be an
Attribute
, such as being male, visited a particular digital property, or viewed or interacted with a particular advertisement. One type of Audience is a group who have visited a Quantcast Client’s digital property. Another type of Audience is a group who have been shown, or may potentially be shown, a Quantcast Client’s advertisement.
Audience Insights
Audience Insights are data collected, or data that is inferred from data collected, about an
Audience
. Audience Insights are aggregated, anonymised data and are not
Personal Information
. An example of an Audience Insight is a report that a given audience is estimated to be 70% male and 3 times as likely to be interested in cooking compared to the general population.
Quantcast provides Audience Insights based on
Event Data
,
Bid Request Data
,
Client Data
,
Third Party Data
, and
Inferred Data
to Quantcast Clients. Audience Insights enable Quantcast Clients to better understand the audiences who engage with their content and ads.
Bid Request/Bid Request Data
A Bid Request is a request by a digital content publisher (e.g., website owner, app developer, streaming content provider, etc.) for an offer to place an ad in the publisher’s digital content. For example, when you visit an ad-supported web page, Bid Requests are sent by, or on behalf of, the publisher of the web page to multiple parties that may want to show an ad to you. Those parties can bid for the opportunity to show an ad in an auction, and an ad is selected to show on the page. Bid Requests typically go through an
Advertising Exchange
. This all happens via digital communication between computer servers in less than a second. The contents of the Bid Request may include information about the ad unit (the container in the digital content that will display the ad), the digital content, the device it will be seen on, and your engagement with the publisher’s digital content, so that prospective buyers can choose whether to bid and how much. For most cases, the contents of the Bid Request are defined by the OpenRTB industry standard (
https://iabtechlab.com/standards/openrtb/
), though not all fields are necessarily included in every Bid Request. Bid Request Data consists of data provided in the Bid Request and will commonly consist of one or more
Pseudonymous Identifier
s (if available), the content that the ad would serve in (such as the web page, app, video, etc.), the type of device the ad would be served on (e.g.., your device type), the approximate geographic location of your device, the size of the ad, the auction ID, and consent information, such as
TCF Signals
. Bid Request Data also includes Quantcast’s response to the Bid Request, such as whether a Quantcast Client bid on the ad opportunity.
Browsing Data
Browsing Data is information collected relating to your
Online
activity or behaviour. Browsing Data is generated when a
Pixels, Tags, or SDKs
installed by a Quantcast Client on its digital property loads and sends information to us. This includes the website
URL
of the page you are visiting, often along with a
Pseudonymous Identifier
, as well as fields of information that may be automatically included from
HTTP Header Information
, such as referral
URLs
(which is the
URL
that directed your browser to the website where an advertisement was served to you).
Browsing Data is included in
Event Data
.
Client Data
Client Data is
Imported Data
that is uploaded to the Quantcast platform by a particular Quantcast advertiser Client for use on its behalf. Client Data is
Pseudonymised Information,
which defines groups of users. These groups might typically be based on users’
Online Data
or
Offline Data
, or other characteristics or aspects of users’ relationship with the Quantcast Client. The groups are then used by Quantcast to help deliver advertising campaigns to the right
Audiences
and assess their effectiveness, all on behalf of the Quantcast Client.
Cookie
A Cookie is a small bit of text that is sent to and saved on your computer or device when you visit a website. A Cookie is associated with a single web browser profile; each web browser and browser profile that you use on your device will have separate Cookies. Cookies allow a website to recognise a browser and are commonly used to store user preferences or identifiers, which enables us to collect and use information about browsers over time and across different internet content. Cookies enable us to understand more about users and the content they are visiting over time, which in turn can be used to improve our Quantcast Clients’ advertising activities and the quality of advertising you experience. The identifiers we store in Cookies are
Pseudonymous Information
; in other words, they cannot be linked to you as an individual without technical efforts to add additional information, which Quantcast does not have. We do not attempt to link a
Pseudonymous Identifier
to you as an individual, and we prohibit other parties with whom we share
Pseudonymous Identifiers
or
Pseudonymous Information
from doing the same. Browsers have controls that enable users to clear or block Cookies. See your browser help for details.
There are two forms of cookies: First Party Cookies and Third Party Cookies.
A “First Party Cookie” is limited in scope to a particular website you visit (“First Party Cookie”). In some instances, Quantcast is able to store or access information in a First Party Cookie. If
www.example.com
incorporates Quantcast
Pixels, Tags or SDKs
into their website, and if you visit www.example.com, Quantcast may set a First-Party Cookie associated with www.example.com. In these instances, Quantcast can store a
Pseudonymous Identifier
in the First-Party Cookie, but because it is a First Party Cookie, Quantcast can only access that
Pseudonymous Identifier
in the context of your visits to that site.
A “Third Party Cookie” is a cookie associated with an internet domain that is different from the one you are visiting. For example, if you are visiting
www.example.com
and a Quantcast
Pixel, Tag or SDK
on that website is able to set a cookie associated with quantcast.com, that is a Third Party Cookie. That same cookie will be accessible to Quantcast on other sites that also incorporate Quantcast
Pixels, Tags or SDKs
. Quantcast uses
Pseudonymous Identifiers
stored in Third Party Cookies in order to collect information across multiple websites.
Quantcast Cookies placed on your device have a maximum expiry period of 13 months (or such shorter period as described in the Privacy Policy “Information Collection” section). Each time you visit a website and a First or Third Party Cookie is placed on your device, the placement of a Cookie begins a new expiry period of up to 13 months (or such shorter period as described in the Privacy Policy “Information Collection” section). All Quantcast Cookies automatically cease providing any data to Quantcast from your browser upon expiration.
Cookie ID/Identifier
A Cookie ID is a unique string of characters that we store in a
Cookie
that allows us to identify a single web browser instance over time and across different web sites. Our Cookie IDs are
Pseudonymous Identifiers
. A
First Party Cookie
ID is a unique
Pseudonymous Identifier
relating to the
First-Party Cookie
set by the owner of the website you are visiting. A
Third Party Cookie ID
is a unique
Pseudonymous Identifier
relating to the
Third-Party Cookie
set by Quantcast.
Cookie Syncing/Matching
In the online advertising industry, Cookie Syncing/Matching generally refers to a process through which two entities who each, and separately, identify a device using their own
Pseudonymous Identifier
can determine which of their respective
Pseudonymous Identifiers
may relate to the same device. For example, Quantcast may pseudonymously identify a device as “cookie ID 123.” Company B may pseudonymously identify the same device as “cookie ID ABC.” Cookie Syncing/Matching enables Quantcast and Company B to recognise that their respective
Pseudonymous identifiers
may relate to the device that Quantcast records as “cookie ID 123”.
Quantcast’s Cookie Syncing activities work similarly. If you visit a website that incorporates
Pixels, Tags or SDKs
from Quantcast, Company B may match its own pseudonymous identifiers to Quantcast
Pseudonymous Identifiers
(this creates a record of matching pseudonymous identifiers for Company B). Once a match is established, Company B can reference a particular device when communicating with Quantcast, using Quantcast’s
Pseudonymous Identifier
.
The Cookie Syncing/Matching process does not in itself result in Quantcast sharing
Attributes
related to Quantcast
Pseudonymous Identifiers
with Company B. The Cookie Syncing/Matching enables transactions between the parties at a later time; for example, in the case of an Advertising Exchange sending a Bid Request, the Bid Request can contain a previously synched
Pseudonymous Identifier.
Cross-Media Matching/Linking
In the online advertising industry, Cross-Media Matching generally refers to a process through which Quantcast links identifiers across a user’s consumption of various media (e.g. audio, video, websites, apps, etc) because such identifiers are known to or
Inferred
to relate to the same user. Matching/Linking may be undertaken for consumption of media on a single device and for consumption of media on more than one device. As an example, if you visit a digital property using your mobile phone and later visit that same digital property using a browser on your laptop or make visits to several different digital properties using a browser over a period of time, Quantcast may initially determine that these visits are made by different users and assign each device user their own profile.
If, however, Quantcast finds there is sufficient commonality between the
Pseudonymous Identifiers
associated with the consumption of media, Quantcast will assess that those identifiers may be joined as they are likely to emanate from the same user. This assessment is“probabilistic”– in other words, it uses statistical techniques to determine that the identifiers to be matched have a higher likelihood of relating to the same device and/or user.
Data Management Platforms and Data Providers
Data Management Platforms and Data Providers provide
Third Party Data
to Quantcast, or provide a platform through which Quantcast Clients can provide
Client Data
to Quantcast. These companies either directly licence first and third party
Audience
Segment Data
from different sources (such as
Online Data
and
Offline Data
) to businesses or provide a platform through which Quantcast Clients can collect, organise, and activate such data for Quantcast’s use in connection with the Solutions. We share
Pseudonymous Identifiers
with
Data Management Platforms/Data Providers
in order to sync/match identifiers to effectively integrate with their services (see
Cookie Syncing/Matching
).
Device ID/Identifier
A unique string of characters that can be used to identify a device set by the developer of the device’s operating system (e.g., a mobile phone, tablet, TV, or console). Device Identifiers (or “Device IDs”) serve a similar purpose as
Cookies
and can be used to provide personalised advertising. A Device ID is a
Pseudonymous Identifier
.
A Mobile Advertising ID (or “MAID”) is a Device ID assigned to a mobile device or connected TV (“CTV”) device by the device operating system. Typically, the device user can reset or turn off the ID via the device’s settings. A MAID is referred to as the IDFA (ID for Advertisers) on iOS devices and GAID (Google Ad ID) on Android mobile devices.
Device Configuration/Device Information
Information about a device or its configuration, transmitted from the device, and typically associated with a
Pseudonymous Identifier
. The information includes device type and version, screen size and resolution, browser language, device operating system and version, browser type and version, application and version, or other information about the device. Some Device Information is derived from
HTTP Request Header Information
.
Email Address
See Hashed Email Address
Event Data
Information collected relating to your
Online
activity/behaviour, which may include
Personal Information
in
Pseudonymous Identifiers
,
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
,
HTTP Request Header Information
,
Device Information
,
Browsing Data
and
TCF Signals
. Event Data is generated when a
Pixel, Tag, or SDK
installed on a Quantcast Client’s digital property loads and sends information to us. Event Data can also be collected from ads, when you view or click on an ad which contains a
Tag
.
Exchange/Advertising Exchange
A marketplace platform that facilitates automated, real-time, auction-based buying and selling of ad inventory (which are spaces available on sites and apps to display ads). An Advertising Exchange receives
Bid Requests
from digital publishers and forwards them to advertisers, or to entities like Quantcast who act on behalf of advertisers. Advertisers, or their agents, respond to
Bid Requests
with a bid amount and an advertisement to provide to a user if they win the auction.
First Party Cookie
See
Cookie
.
Hashed Email Address
A hashed email address (HEM) is an email address that has been encoded using a cryptographic hashing function. A hashed email is treated as a
Pseudonymous Identifier
.
HTTP Request Header Information
HTTP headers are defined by internet standards and contain a number of data fields designed to facilitate communication and interoperability on the internet. On the web, your web browser controls which headers are sent and what the contents are. We receive the headers when a request is sent over the internet to our system, such as when a
Pixel
loads in your web browser. We also might receive information that has been derived from the HTTP headers from another party, such as in a
Bid Request
. We use a subset of the header fields for purposes described in the Privacy Policy, which includes:
IP Address
Cookie
(if available)
User Agent, which is a string (a line of text) that includes
Device Information
.
Date, which includes the precise time of access
Referral
URL
, which is the web page you were on when the request was sent
TLS Session ID, which identifies a particular session of communication between the browser and the server
Content-Language, which is the languages of the intended audience for the enclosed content
Detailed documentation related to HTTP header information can be found online in a general search for “HTTP header information fields”.
IAB Transparency & Consent Framework (“TCF”)
The IAB Transparency & Consent Framework, or “TCF,” is a standardised industry program active in countries governed by the GDPR, and designed for notifying users about data
Processing
by companies involved in digital advertising on sites and apps that users visit, and for establishing a legal basis for that
Processing
.
The TCF is designed to be used on digital properties, such as websites and apps. The TCF incorporates a consent dialog that displays when users visit a website or app, giving them information about vendors, the data they collect, and the purposes for which they collect it. It also offers an opportunity for users to give or change their permissions for such data collection and use.
The TCF allows Quantcast to work with publishers of websites and other digital properties in a consistent manner using standardised technical specifications to:
(a) provide a link to Quantcast's Privacy Policy, as well as transparency about Quantcast's
Processing
of
Personal Information
, the specific purposes for which Quantcast
Processes
Personal Information
, and Quantcast's legal basis for such
Processing
, directly on the website or other digital property accessed by the user;
(b) allow the user, in a granular manner, to express their consent or refusal to consent, to Quantcast's (i) use of
Cookies
, and (ii) the purposes of Quantcast's
Processing
, which are the reasons why Quantcast
Processes
the personal data of users (“
TCF Purposes”
), including where Quantcast relies on the user’s consent for such
Processing
directly on the website or other digital property that the user is accessing;
(c) allow the user to object to Quantcast's
Processing
of
Personal Information
(for purposes where Quantcast relies on legitimate interests) directly on the website or other digital property accessed by the user.
Using the
TCF
allows publishers of websites or other digital properties to provide information about Quantcast’s
Processing
to users in a consistent manner. The user-facing disclosures presented by these digital properties are sourced from information that Quantcast has registered with the
TCF's
“
Global Vendor List
”, a publicly accessible, machine-readable repository of information about TCF-compliant vendors, like Quantcast. This information includes Quantcast’s Privacy Policy
URL
, the purposes for which it
Processes
Personal Information
, and its legal basis for each of these purposes. As the description of these purposes and minimum standards for disclosures are standardised across all TCF participants, Quantcast knows how operators of websites or other digital properties using the TCF are making disclosures about Quantcast and can have confidence in such disclosures.
In addition, the TCF enables publishers of websites or other digital properties to create and send to Quantcast a standardised technical signal that indicates (A) whether Quantcast’s transparency disclosures were provided to a user; (B) whether or not the user has consented to Quantcast’s
Processing
and/or each purpose for which Quantcast sought the user's consent; and (c) whether the user objected to Quantcast’s
Processing
and/or any purposes for which Quantcast
Processes
Personal Information
on the basis of its legitimate interests (the “TCF Signal”).
TCF Signal is collected via Quantcast
Tags
if the digital property on which the
Tag
is implemented has also implemented a TCF-compatible Consent Management Platform, which is a company or organisation that centralises and manages transparency for, and consent and objections of, the user (“CMP”) . In addition, TCF Signal is received by Quantcast as part of the
Bid Requests
it receives from
Advertising Exchanges
. Quantcast is able to read the standardised TCF Signal and will only
Process
Personal Information
for purposes to which the user has consented (where consent is the legal basis) or not objected (where legitimate interests is the legal basis) in order to provide the Solutions.
Read more about the TCF here
https://iabeurope.eu/transparency-consent-framework/
Imported Data
Imported Data is uploaded to the Quantcast platform or provided to us via an Application Programming Interface (“API”). Imported Data is
Pseudonymised Information
, which may include information relating to your
Online data
or
Offline data
or other information that Quantcast Clients or partners have about you. For examples of Imported Data provided to Quantcast, see
Client Data
or
Third Party Data
.
Imported Data (Client)
See
Client Data
.
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment)
See
Third Party Data
.
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
Typically, in digital advertising we distinguish between precise and imprecise geolocation information.
Precise geolocation usually comes from GPS coordinates from mobile devices, and can have precision up to about one meter. Quantcast does not use precise geolocation data and we request that Quantcast Clients, partners, and third parties refrain from sending precise geolocation to us. If a party inadvertently sends it, we do not use it in the Solutions and it is removed from our systems within 30 days.
Imprecise geolocation is lower precision, and refers to a general geographic area, for example a country, region, city or division of a metropolitan area, and/or some combination of these, and is often derived from
IP Addresses
.
Inferences/Inferred Data
Inferences, or Inferred Data, is information that is inferred from data that we have collected about a device, such as
Event Data
,
Bid Request Data
,
Client Data
, or
Third Party Data
. Our inferences are made using algorithms that estimate the likelihood that the user of a device has particular interests or characteristics. The Inferences are then associated with a
Pseudonymous Identifier
as part of a set of device
Attributes
.
For example, if a device frequently visits sports websites, it might be inferred that there is some probability the user of that device likes sports. Similarly, if a device frequently visits an airline provider’s website, it might be inferred that there is some probability a user of that device likes to travel. Other Inferences include things such as
Interests
, income range, gender, age, marital status, and other socio-economic information.
Inferences associated with any individual device have a high degree of uncertainty. Inferences become more accurate when used to estimate the characteristics of a large group of devices, like an
Audience
.
Interests
Interests are known, observed, or inferred non-demographic characteristics. Interests are associated with
Pseudonymous Identifiers
to characterise particular interests of users. Examples of Interests include “cooking” and “outdoor activities”. Interests may be derived from
Event Data
,
Bid Request Data
,
Client Data
,
Third Party Data
, and
Inferences/Inferred Data
.
IP Address
An IP (“Internet Protocol”) Address is a unique numerical label corresponding to a computer or device. Computers use IP Addresses to identify each other and know where to send information over the Internet. For example, when you open a web page in your browser a request is made to a server for the web page content. The server knows where to send the content based on the IP Address contained in the request. Computers or other devices are assigned an IP Address from the network the device is on. A device’s IP Address may change over time or as a device changes locations. Also, an IP Address can refer to multiple devices, for example if the devices are behind an internet router.
Labels/Label Data
Labels, or Label Data, are descriptors associated with
Pseudonymous Identifiers
to denote particular groups of users that can be subsequently used to index all
Pseudonymous Identifiers
associated with that label. An analogy would be applying a “label” to messages in an email inbox - you might decide to label messages from work as “Work,” family members as “Family,” and so on. These labels then help you readily index and recall particular categories of email.
Labels processed by Quantcast are:
Labels from
Data Management Platforms and Data Providers
: these are category Labels (e.g., male, female, age 21-24) acquired from third party data partners relating to a
Pseudonymous Identifier
;
Custom-
Client Data
Labels: these are custom category labels set by Quantcast Clients corresponding to a device associated with the identifier visiting their digital property (e.g., byline of the news article accessed by the user) or product name (of the product accessed by the user).
Inferred Data
Labels: these are inferred category Labels about a user using a device associated with a
Pseudonymous Identifier
, e.g., inferred age, inferred gender, inferred interest.
Example Labels are “male” and “visited XYZ website”. Labels may be inferred information (see
Inferences/Inferred Data
) or may be
Imported Data
(see
Client Data
and
Third Party Data
).
Log Data
Log Data is an industry term that is generally used to refer to data collected from interactions with computer systems, and is used differently by different companies. For purposes of describing our
Processing
, we use more precise terms, such as
Pseudonymous Identifiers
,
Event Data
,
Bid Request Data
,
Client Data
,
Third Party Data
, and/or
Inferences/Inferred Data
, which are all types of data that can be subsumed within the general industry term “Log Data.” Some elements within Log Data, when isolated from the
Pseudonymous Identifiers
, will not qualify as
Personal Information
. For example, a single time zone and publisher
URL
without an associated
Pseudonymous Identifier
would not qualify as
Personal Information
.
Online Data
Data relating to a user’s interaction with digital media including websites, apps and streaming media services.
Offline Data
Data relating to a user’s real-world purchases and/or activity.
Panel
A Panel is a set of individuals who have consented to participate in market research and share information about themselves, their preferences and interests for purposes of research and market analytics.
This information can then be used as the basis for learning or making inferences about a larger population. For example, if a number of people on a Panel share that they visit a particular news website, and of those people, most of them are male and over the age of 50, we might extrapolate from that and say that most of the audience for that website is male and over 50.
Another way to use Panel data is to compare Panel results to the estimates that we have made using our algorithms in order to score the effectiveness of our algorithms. So, if our algorithm predicted for the same news website that most of the audience is under 30, we would learn that our algorithm might be wrong.
Personal Information
Personal Information refers to information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, to you, your browser, or your device. We use the term “personal information” to refer to information that is subject to protection under data protection and privacy laws and regulatory regimes around the world. Depending on the jurisdiction, such information may be referred to as “personal data.”
The Personal Information
Processed
by Quantcast is limited to
Pseudonymised Identifiers.
Quantcast does not
Process
Personal Information
that directly identifies you as an individual, and that can be used to directly identify you without technical efforts to add additional information, which Quantcast does not have.
Pixels, Tags, and SDKs
Pixels, Tags, and SDKs are computer code embedded in a website, mobile applications, and advertisements that we use to enable the Solutions. We tend to use the terms Pixels, Tags, and SDKs interchangeably. Quantcast Clients that use the Solutions can put them on their sites, in their apps, or in their ads in order to send us information that is then used in the Solutions. When a Pixel, Tag, or SDK loads and calls our servers, we receive
HTTP Header Information
, along with other information that is configured by the Quantcast Client who is using the Solutions. That information includes IDs from partners, so we know which partner the data is coming from.
Pixels, Tags, and SDKs include:
Sync Pixels: These are used to exchange and match
Pseudonymous Identifiers
between companies that participate in the digital advertising market. By matching, they can synchronise these identifiers to deliver and measure ads.
Tags or Pixels in ads: When a digital ad loads on a page, it can include a Tag or Pixel that we use on behalf of Quantcast Clients to gather information about where and when the ad was served. This can help to measure ad performance, to ensure ads are shown where intended, and to learn in order to improve ad effectiveness.
Tags or Pixels on publisher Clients’ web pages: For publisher Clients that use the Solutions, they can put our Tags on their sites. The information we collect then enables the Client to learn about their audience, and it enables us to build models for better targeting ads.
Tags or Pixels used by advertiser Clients: When advertiser Clients use our Tags or Pixels, they send us information so we can learn about their customers in order to help them better target their ads.
SDKs: SDKs are bits of computer code that mobile app publisher Clients incorporate into their apps, enabling them to send us information. Similar to Pixels or Tags, the information enables us to offer the Solutions as described in our Privacy Policy.
Probabilistic Identifier
A Probabilistic Identifier is a
Pseudonymous Identifier
which we create by combining
Pseudonymous Identifiers
(such as
IP Addresses
) with
Bid Request Data
and/or
Event Data
using non-deterministic, statistical methods to estimate the likelihood that a group of devices may be used by the same user or household, if applicable law or rules allow. For example, we might be able to determine that because a mobile phone and a TV are on the same network, they are likely in the same house. We can then use that information to select and measure ads. Unlike using
Cookie IDs
, this approach is not 100% accurate and could identify one or many devices.
Process
Refers to any operation or set of operations performed upon
Personal Information
or sets of
Personal Information
, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure, or destruction.
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Pseudonymous Identifiers are unique values that distinguish your browser profile(s) or device(s). Pseudonymous Identifiers cannot be linked to you as an individual without technical efforts to add additional information, which Quantcast does not have. We do not attempt to link Pseudonymous Identifiers to you as an individual, and we prohibit other parties with whom we share Pseudonymous Identifiers from doing the same.
Pseudonymous Identifiers are important in digital advertising because they help distinguish browsers or devices over time across different contexts. This is useful for example, to limit the number of times that we show the same ad to one device, to measure the performance of ads, and to target and select personalised ads.
We may incorporate any one of the following types of information in a Quantcast Pseudonymous Identifier:
Third Party Cookie ID: see
Cookie ID
.
First Party Cookie ID: see
Cookie ID
.
IP Addresses
.
Hashed email addresses
Third party identifiers
Device ID
.
Application ID: an ID that is unique to your mobile device and a particular app on your device.
Application Session ID: like an application ID, except that it is reset periodically (e.g., many browsers reset these after 30 minutes of inactivity).
Exchange User ID: an ID that is sent to us with a
Bid Request
that identifies the device or browser where an ad is to be shown.
Probabilistic Identifier
.
Publisher User ID: digital publishers that use the Solutions can send us an ID to use in the Solutions. The digital publisher hashes or encrypts an identifier available to it. The resulting ID is pseudonymous because it does not directly identify you, but it would be consistent across different publishers, so the Publisher User ID can be used to match data.
TLS Session ID: when you visit a website
URL
that starts with “https” instead of “http”, that means you have an encrypted connection between your browser and the site. If one of our
Pixels, Tags or SDKs
loads on the site, that call to our server will also be encrypted. The Session ID identifies a particular session of communication between the browser and the server.
Pseudonymous/Pseudonymised Information
Pseudonymised Information is
Personal Information
that has been
Processed
in such a manner that the information can no longer be attributed to a specific user without the use of additional information, provided that such additional information is kept separately and is subject to technical and organisational measures to ensure that the personal information is not attributed to a specific user.
Segment Data
Segment Data is imported data that is uploaded to the Quantcast platform or provided to us via an API by
Clients
or
Third Party Data Partners
. Segment Data is
Pseudonymised Information
, which may include
Online Data
and/or
Offline Data
as well as
Attributes
,
Inferences
, or
Interests
inferred from that data. This category of information is typically called “Segment Data” because it identifies groups of users who fall into advertising segments (e.g., “auto buyers,” “shoe shoppers,” or “women 25-35”). These segments represent groups of users that share (or that are inferred to share) one or more certain characteristics in common (e.g., a client may want to advertise to a segment of “male shoppers who are interested in sports fashion”). These groupings are created by using the intersection of different segments (in the example given, an audience that is simultaneously in the “male”, “shopper”, and “sports fashion” segments). A segment may be identified with a
Label
(in which case it is referred to as “
Label Data
”).
Software Development Kit (SDK)
See
Pixels, Tags, and SDKs
.
Tag
See
Pixels, Tags, and SDKs
.
TCF
See
IAB Transparency & Consent Framework
.
TCF Purpose/Special Purpose/Feature/Special Feature
The
TCF
has standardised certain Purposes, Special Purposes, Features and Special Features and the descriptions of data processing activity in the digital advertising industry. Through this standardisation, the digital advertising industry can ascribe consistent meanings for the permissions that data subjects give via the
TCF
. This also ensures a consistent experience for users because they then do not have to read and understand an entirely different set of Purposes, Special Purposes, Features, and Special Features for each website they visit.
Because of the benefits of standardising the purposes across the industry, we use the
TCF
to establish the legal basis to
Process
Personal Information
governed by the GDPR, and use the Purposes, Special Purposes, Features, and Special Features in our Privacy Policy to describe much of our data processing activity.
For detailed descriptions of TCF Purposes, Special Purposes, Features, and Special Features, see
IAB Transparency & Consent Framework
.
Third Party Cookie/Cookie ID
See
Cookie
.
Third Party Data
Third Party Data is
Imported Data
that is uploaded to the Quantcast platform or provided to us via API by third party
Data Management Platforms and Data Providers
. Third Party Data may include
Segment Data
.
Training Data
Training Data is
Pseudonymous Information
that we receive from Quantcast Clients and third party data providers, where the actual
Attributes
or
Interests
of the underlying users are known (even though their actual identities are not known to Quantcast). The Training Data is segmented across various
Interests
and
Attributes
, such as shopping interests (e.g., automotive, technology, or restaurants), business and occupation (e.g., management, IT professional or retail), media interests (e.g., cinema, video games, TV), income range, age, marital status, and other socio-economic information and used for data modeling purposes. We use the Training Data to train statistical models to make
Inferences
. When our systems subsequently receive
Event Data
relating to a user, we can infer whether the
Event Data
displays characteristics similar to the Training Data. If the
Event Data
displays characteristics that are similar to the Training Data, we can infer from that the likely
Attributes
and
Interests
of the user to whom the
Event Data
relates. These
Inferences
are then used to deliver advertising and provide aggregated, analytical reporting to our Quantcast Clients.
URL (Uniform Resource Locator)
A URL, also known as a web address, is a reference to a unique web resource that specifies its location on a computer network. Most commonly, a URL points to a web page. URLs can also point to a document, image, video, etc. URLs often use plain text, such as
www.quantcast.com
; in that case, the domain name must be processed by a Domain Name Server in order to convert the domain name into an
IP Address
.
Effective June 11th 2024
to
December 16th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Key Terms
Effective: June 6 2024
Capitalized terms that are not defined in these Key Terms are as defined in the
Quantcast Products and Services Privacy Policy
. These Key Terms are for use in understanding the Quantcast Products and Services Privacy Policy. Nothing in these Key Terms modifies any active agreement with any Quantcast customer, vendor or other business partner (e.g., agreements for the Advertise and Measure product, etc.).
Advertising Exchange
See
Exchange/Advertising Exchange
.
Attributes/Attribute Information
Attributes are known, observed, or inferred characteristics. Examples of attributes are “male” and “visited XYZ website”. Attributes may be derived from
Event Data
,
Bid Request Data
,
Client Data
,
Third Party Data
, and
Inferences/Inferred Data
. Quantcast associates attributes with
Pseudonymous Identifiers
.
Audience
An Audience is a group of devices and/or users who are known to or are estimated to have certain common characteristics. A characteristic in common may be an
Interest
, such as an interest in cooking. A characteristic in common may be an
Attribute
, such as being male, visited a particular digital property, or viewed or interacted with a particular advertisement. One type of Audience is a group who have visited a Quantcast Client’s digital property. Another type of Audience is a group who have been shown, or may potentially be shown, a Quantcast Client’s advertisement.
Audience Insights
Audience Insights are data collected, or data that is inferred from data collected, about an
Audience
. Audience Insights are aggregated, anonymised data and are not
Personal Information
. An example of an Audience Insight is a report that a given audience is estimated to be 70% male and 3 times as likely to be interested in cooking compared to the general population.
Quantcast provides Audience Insights based on
Event Data
,
Bid Request Data
,
Client Data
,
Third Party Data
, and
Inferred Data
to Quantcast Clients. Audience Insights enable Quantcast Clients to better understand the audiences who engage with their content and ads.
Bid Request/Bid Request Data
A Bid Request is a request by a digital content publisher (e.g., website owner, app developer, streaming content provider, etc.) for an offer to place an ad in the publisher’s digital content. For example, when you visit an ad-supported web page, Bid Requests are sent by, or on behalf of, the publisher of the web page to multiple parties that may want to show an ad to you. Those parties can bid for the opportunity to show an ad in an auction, and an ad is selected to show on the page. Bid Requests typically go through an
Advertising Exchange
. This all happens via digital communication between computer servers in less than a second. The contents of the Bid Request may include information about the ad unit (the container in the digital content that will display the ad), the digital content, the device it will be seen on, and your engagement with the publisher’s digital content, so that prospective buyers can choose whether to bid and how much. For most cases, the contents of the Bid Request are defined by the OpenRTB industry standard (
https://iabtechlab.com/standards/openrtb/
), though not all fields are necessarily included in every Bid Request. Bid Request Data consists of data provided in the Bid Request and will commonly consist of one or more
Pseudonymous Identifiers
(if available), the content that the ad would serve in (such as the web page, app, video, etc.), the type of device the ad would be served on (i.e., your device type), the approximate geographic location of your device, the size of the ad, the auction ID, and consent information, such as
TCF Signals
. Bid Request Data also includes Quantcast’s response to the Bid Request, such as whether a Quantcast Client bid on the ad opportunity.
Browsing Data
Browsing Data is information collected relating to your
Online
activity or behaviour. Browsing Data is generated when a
Pixels, Tags, or SDKs
installed by a Quantcast Client on its digital property loads and sends information to us. This includes the website
URL
of the page you are visiting, often along with a
Pseudonymous Identifier
, as well as fields of information that may be automatically included from
HTTP Header Information
, such as referral
URLs
(which is the
URL
that directed your browser to the website where an advertisement was served to you).
Browsing Data is included in
Event Data
.
Client Data
Client Data is
Imported Data
that is uploaded to the Quantcast platform by a particular Quantcast advertiser Client for use on its behalf. Client Data is
Pseudonymised Information,
which defines groups of users. These groups might typically be based on users’
Online Data
or
Offline Data
, or other characteristics or aspects of users’ relationship with the Quantcast Client. The groups are then used by Quantcast to help deliver advertising campaigns to the right
Audiences
and assess their effectiveness, all on behalf of the Quantcast Client.
Cookie
A Cookie is a small bit of text that is sent to and saved on your computer or device when you visit a website. A Cookie is associated with a single web browser profile; each web browser and browser profile that you use on your device will have separate Cookies. Cookies allow a website to recognise a browser and are commonly used to store user preferences or identifiers, which enables us to collect and use information about browsers over time and across different internet content. Cookies enable us to understand more about users and the content they are visiting over time, which in turn can be used to improve our Quantcast Clients’ advertising activities and the quality of advertising you experience. The identifiers we store in Cookies are
Pseudonymous Information
; in other words, they cannot be linked to you as an individual without technical efforts to add additional information, which Quantcast does not have. We do not attempt to link a
Pseudonymous Identifier
to you as an individual, and we prohibit other parties with whom we share
Pseudonymous Identifiers
or
Pseudonymous Information
from doing the same. Browsers have controls that enable users to clear or block Cookies. See your browser help for details.
There are two forms of cookies: First Party Cookies and Third Party Cookies.
A “First Party Cookie” is limited in scope to a particular website you visit (“First Party Cookie”). In some instances, Quantcast is able to store or access information in a First Party Cookie. If
www.example.com
incorporates Quantcast
Pixels, Tags or SDKs
into their website, and if you visit www.example.com, Quantcast may set a First-Party Cookie associated with www.example.com. In these instances, Quantcast can store a
Pseudonymous Identifier
in the First-Party Cookie, but because it is a First Party Cookie, Quantcast can only access that
Pseudonymous Identifier
in the context of your visits to that site.
A “Third Party Cookie” is a cookie associated with an internet domain that is different from the one you are visiting. For example, if you are visiting
www.example.com
and a Quantcast
Pixel, Tag or SDK
on that website is able to set a cookie associated with quantcast.com, that is a Third Party Cookie. That same cookie will be accessible to Quantcast on other sites that also incorporate Quantcast
Pixels, Tags or SDKs
. Quantcast uses
Pseudonymous Identifiers
stored in Third Party Cookies in order to collect information across multiple websites.
Quantcast Cookies placed on your device have a maximum expiry period of 13 months (or such shorter period as described in the Privacy Policy “Information Collection” section). Each time you visit a website and a First or Third Party Cookie is placed on your device, the placement of a Cookie begins a new expiry period of up to 13 months (or such shorter period as described in the Privacy Policy “Information Collection” section). All Quantcast Cookies automatically cease providing any data to Quantcast from your browser upon expiration.
Cookie ID/Identifier
A Cookie ID is a unique string of characters that we store in a
Cookie
that allows us to identify a single web browser instance over time and across different web sites. Our Cookie IDs are
Pseudonymous Identifiers
. A
First Party Cookie
ID is a unique
Pseudonymous Identifier
relating to the
First-Party Cookie
set by the owner of the website you are visiting. A
Third Party Cookie ID
is a unique
Pseudonymous Identifier
relating to the
Third-Party Cookie
set by Quantcast.
Cookie Syncing/Matching
In the online advertising industry, Cookie Syncing/Matching generally refers to a process through which two entities who each, and separately, identify a device using their own
Pseudonymous Identifier
can determine which of their respective
Pseudonymous Identifiers
may relate to the same device. For example, Quantcast may pseudonymously identify a device as “cookie ID 123.” Company B may pseudonymously identify the same device as “cookie ID ABC.” Cookie Syncing/Matching enables Quantcast and Company B to recognise that their respective
Pseudonymous identifiers
may relate to the device that Quantcast records as “cookie ID 123”.
Quantcast’s Cookie Syncing activities work similarly. If you visit a website that incorporates
Pixels, Tags or SDKs
from Quantcast, Company B may match its own pseudonymous identifiers to Quantcast
Pseudonymous Identifiers
(this creates a record of matching pseudonymous identifiers for Company B). Once a match is established, Company B can reference a particular device when communicating with Quantcast, using Quantcast’s
Pseudonymous Identifier
.
The Cookie Syncing/Matching process does not in itself result in Quantcast sharing
Attributes
related to Quantcast
Pseudonymous Identifiers
with Company B. The Cookie Syncing/Matching enables transactions between the parties at a later time; for example, in the case of an Advertising Exchange sending a Bid Request, the Bid Request can contain a previously synched
Pseudonymous Identifier.
Cross-Media Matching/Linking
In the online advertising industry, Cross-Media Matching generally refers to a process through which Quantcast links identifiers across a user’s consumption of various media (e.g. audio, video, websites, apps, etc) because such identifiers are known to or
Inferred
to relate to the same user. Matching/Linking may be undertaken for consumption of media on a single device and for consumption of media on more than one device. As an example, if you visit a digital property using your mobile phone and later visit that same digital property using a browser on your laptop or make visits to several different digital properties using a browser over a period of time, Quantcast may initially determine that these visits are made by different users and assign each device user their own profile.
If, however, Quantcast finds there is sufficient commonality between the
Pseudonymous Identifiers
associated with the consumption of media, Quantcast will assess that those identifiers may be joined as they are likely to emanate from the same user. This assessment is“probabilistic”– in other words, it uses statistical techniques to determine that the identifiers to be matched have a higher likelihood of relating to the same device and/or user.
Data Management Platforms and Data Providers
Data Management Platforms and Data Providers provide
Third Party Data
to Quantcast, or provide a platform through which Quantcast Clients can provide
Client Data
to Quantcast. These companies either directly licence first and third party
Audience
Segment Data
from different sources (such as
Online Data
and
Offline Data
) to businesses or provide a platform through which Quantcast Clients can collect, organise, and activate such data for Quantcast’s use in connection with the Solutions. We share
Pseudonymous Identifiers
with
Data Management Platforms/Data Providers
in order to sync/match identifiers to effectively integrate with their services (see
Cookie Syncing/Matching
).
Device ID/Identifier
A unique string of characters that can be used to identify a device set by the developer of the device’s operating system (e.g., a mobile phone, tablet, TV, or console). Device Identifiers (or “Device IDs”) serve a similar purpose as
Cookies
and can be used to provide personalised advertising. A Device ID is a
Pseudonymous Identifier
.
A Mobile Advertising ID (or “MAID”) is a Device ID assigned to a mobile device or connected TV (“CTV”) device by the device operating system. Typically, the device user can reset or turn off the ID via the device’s settings. A MAID is referred to as the IDFA (ID for Advertisers) on iOS devices and GAID (Google Ad ID) on Android mobile devices.
Device Configuration/Device Information
Information about a device or its configuration, transmitted from the device, and typically associated with a
Pseudonymous Identifier
. The information includes browser, app, or other information about the device (such as device type, screen size and resolution, date and time, and language), which also may include a
User Agent.
Some Device Information is derived from
HTTP Request Header Information
.
Email Address
See Hashed Email Address
Event Data
Information collected relating to your
Online
activity/behaviour, which may include
Personal Information
in
Pseudonymous Identifiers
,
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
,
HTTP Request Header Information
,
Device Information
,
Browsing Data
and
TCF Signals
. Event Data is generated when a
Pixel, Tag, or SDK
installed on a Quantcast Client’s digital property loads and sends information to us. Event Data can also be collected from ads, when you view or click on an ad which contains a
Tag
.
Exchange/Advertising Exchange
A marketplace platform that facilitates automated, real-time, auction-based buying and selling of ad inventory (which are spaces available on sites and apps to display ads). An Advertising Exchange receives
Bid Requests
from digital publishers and forwards them to advertisers, or to entities like Quantcast who act on behalf of advertisers. Advertisers, or their agents, respond to
Bid Requests
with a bid amount and an advertisement to provide to a user if they win the auction.
First Party Cookie
See
Cookie
.
Hashed Email Address
A hashed email address (HEM) is an email address that has been encoded using a cryptographic hashing function. A hashed email is treated as a
Pseudonymous Identifier
.
HTTP Request Header Information
HTTP headers are defined by internet standards and contain a number of data fields designed to facilitate communication and interoperability on the internet. On the web, your web browser controls which headers are sent and what the contents are. We receive the headers when a request is sent over the internet to our system, such as when a
Pixel
loads in your web browser. We also might receive information that has been derived from the HTTP headers from another party, such as in a
Bid Request
. We use a subset of the header fields for purposes described in the Privacy Policy, which includes:
IP Address
Cookie
(if available)
User Agent, which is a string (a line of text) identifying the device type, browser type, and version that the user is using to access the web server (“User Agent”)
Date, which includes the precise time of access
Referral
URL
, which is the web page you were on when the request was sent
TLS Session ID, which identifies a particular session of communication between the browser and the server
Content-Language, which is the languages of the intended audience for the enclosed content
Detailed documentation related to HTTP header information can be found online in a general search for “HTTP header information fields”.
IAB Transparency & Consent Framework (“TCF”)
The IAB Transparency & Consent Framework, or “TCF,” is a standardised industry program active in countries governed by the GDPR, and designed for notifying users about data
Processing
by companies involved in digital advertising on sites and apps that users visit, and for establishing a legal basis for that
Processing
.
The TCF is designed to be used on digital properties, such as websites and apps. The TCF incorporates a consent dialog that displays when users visit a website or app, giving them information about vendors, the data they collect, and the purposes for which they collect it. It also offers an opportunity for users to give or change their permissions for such data collection and use.
The TCF allows Quantcast to work with publishers of websites and other digital properties in a consistent manner using standardised technical specifications to:
(a) provide a link to Quantcast's Privacy Policy, as well as transparency about Quantcast's
Processing
of
Personal Information
, the specific purposes for which Quantcast
Processes
Personal Information
, and Quantcast's legal basis for such
Processing
, directly on the website or other digital property accessed by the user;
(b) allow the user, in a granular manner, to express their consent or refusal to consent, to Quantcast's (i) use of
Cookies
, and (ii) the purposes of Quantcast's
Processing
, which are the reasons why Quantcast
Processes
the personal data of users (“
TCF Purposes”
), including where Quantcast relies on the user’s consent for such
Processing
directly on the website or other digital property that the user is accessing;
(c) allow the user to object to Quantcast's
Processing
of
Personal Information
(for purposes where Quantcast relies on legitimate interests) directly on the website or other digital property accessed by the user.
Using the
TCF
allows publishers of websites or other digital properties to provide information about Quantcast’s
Processing
to users in a consistent manner. The user-facing disclosures presented by these digital properties are sourced from information that Quantcast has registered with the
TCF's
“
Global Vendor List
”, a publicly accessible, machine-readable repository of information about TCF-compliant vendors, like Quantcast. This information includes Quantcast’s Privacy Policy
URL
, the purposes for which it
Processes
Personal Information
, and its legal basis for each of these purposes. As the description of these purposes and minimum standards for disclosures are standardised across all TCF participants, Quantcast knows how operators of websites or other digital properties using the TCF are making disclosures about Quantcast and can have confidence in such disclosures.
In addition, the TCF enables publishers of websites or other digital properties to create and send to Quantcast a standardised technical signal that indicates (A) whether Quantcast’s transparency disclosures were provided to a user; (B) whether or not the user has consented to Quantcast’s
Processing
and/or each purpose for which Quantcast sought the user's consent; and (c) whether the user objected to Quantcast’s
Processing
and/or any purposes for which Quantcast
Processes
Personal Information
on the basis of its legitimate interests (the “TCF Signal”).
TCF Signal is collected via Quantcast
Tags
if the digital property on which the
Tag
is implemented has also implemented a TCF-compatible Consent Management Platform, which is a company or organisation that centralises and manages transparency for, and consent and objections of, the user (“CMP”) . In addition, TCF Signal is received by Quantcast as part of the
Bid Requests
it receives from
Advertising Exchanges
. Quantcast is able to read the standardised TCF Signal and will only
Process
Personal Information
for purposes to which the user has consented (where consent is the legal basis) or not objected (where legitimate interests is the legal basis) in order to provide the Solutions.
Read more about the TCF here
https://iabeurope.eu/transparency-consent-framework/
Imported Data
Imported Data is uploaded to the Quantcast platform or provided to us via an Application Programming Interface (“API”). Imported Data is
Pseudonymised Information
, which may include information relating to your
Online data
or
Offline data
or other information that Quantcast Clients or partners have about you. For examples of Imported Data provided to Quantcast, see
Client Data
or
Third Party Data
.
Imported Data (Client)
See
Client Data
.
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment)
See
Third Party Data
.
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
Typically, in digital advertising we distinguish between precise and imprecise geolocation information.
Precise geolocation usually comes from GPS coordinates from mobile devices, and can have precision up to about one meter. Quantcast does not use precise geolocation data and we request that Quantcast Clients, partners, and third parties refrain from sending precise geolocation to us. If a party inadvertently sends it, we do not use it in the Solutions and it is removed from our systems within 30 days.
Imprecise geolocation is lower precision, and refers to a general geographic area, for example a country, region, city or division of a metropolitan area, and/or some combination of these, and is often derived from
IP Addresses
.
Inferences/Inferred Data
Inferences, or Inferred Data, is information that is inferred from data that we have collected about a device, such as
Event Data
,
Bid Request Data
,
Client Data
, or
Third Party Data
. Our inferences are made using algorithms that estimate the likelihood that the user of a device has particular interests or characteristics. The Inferences are then associated with a
Pseudonymous Identifier
as part of a set of device
Attributes
.
For example, if a device frequently visits sports websites, it might be inferred that there is some probability the user of that device likes sports. Similarly, if a device frequently visits an airline provider’s website, it might be inferred that there is some probability a user of that device likes to travel. Other Inferences include things such as
Interests
, income range, gender, age, marital status, and other socio-economic information.
Inferences associated with any individual device have a high degree of uncertainty. Inferences become more accurate when used to estimate the characteristics of a large group of devices, like an
Audience
.
Interests
Interests are known, observed, or inferred non-demographic characteristics. Interests are associated with
Pseudonymous Identifiers
to characterise particular interests of users. Examples of Interests include “cooking” and “outdoor activities”. Interests may be derived from
Event Data
,
Bid Request Data
,
Client Data
,
Third Party Data
, and
Inferences/Inferred Data
.
IP Address
An IP (“Internet Protocol”) Address is a unique numerical label corresponding to a computer or device. Computers use IP Addresses to identify each other and know where to send information over the Internet. For example, when you open a web page in your browser a request is made to a server for the web page content. The server knows where to send the content based on the IP Address contained in the request. Computers or other devices are assigned an IP Address from the network the device is on. A device’s IP Address may change over time or as a device changes locations. Also, an IP Address can refer to multiple devices, for example if the devices are behind an internet router.
Labels/Label Data
Labels, or Label Data, are descriptors associated with
Pseudonymous Identifiers
to denote particular groups of users that can be subsequently used to index all
Pseudonymous Identifiers
associated with that label. An analogy would be applying a “label” to messages in an email inbox - you might decide to label messages from work as “Work,” family members as “Family,” and so on. These labels then help you readily index and recall particular categories of email.
Labels processed by Quantcast are:
Labels from
Data Management Platforms and Data Providers
: these are category Labels (e.g., male, female, age 21-24) acquired from third party data partners relating to a
Pseudonymous Identifier
;
Custom-
Client Data
Labels: these are custom category labels set by Quantcast Clients corresponding to a device associated with the identifier visiting their digital property (e.g., byline of the news article accessed by the user) or product name (of the product accessed by the user).
Inferred Data
Labels: these are inferred category Labels about a user using a device associated with a
Pseudonymous Identifier
, e.g., inferred age, inferred gender, inferred interest.
Example Labels are “male” and “visited XYZ website”. Labels may be inferred information (see
Inferences/Inferred Data
) or may be
Imported Data
(see
Client Data
and
Third Party Data
).
Log Data
Log Data is an industry term that is generally used to refer to data collected from interactions with computer systems, and is used differently by different companies. For purposes of describing our
Processing
, we use more precise terms, such as
Pseudonymous Identifiers
,
Event Data
,
Bid Request Data
,
Client Data
,
Third Party Data
, and/or
Inferences/Inferred Data
, which are all types of data that can be subsumed within the general industry term “Log Data.” Some elements within Log Data, when isolated from the
Pseudonymous Identifiers
, will not qualify as
Personal Information
. For example, a single time zone and publisher
URL
without an associated
Pseudonymous Identifier
would not qualify as
Personal Information
.
Online Data
Data relating to a user’s interaction with digital media including websites, apps and streaming media services.
Offline Data
Data relating to a user’s real-world purchases and/or activity.
Panel
A Panel is a set of individuals who have consented to participate in market research and share information about themselves, their preferences and interests for purposes of research and market analytics.
This information can then be used as the basis for learning or making inferences about a larger population. For example, if a number of people on a Panel share that they visit a particular news website, and of those people, most of them are male and over the age of 50, we might extrapolate from that and say that most of the audience for that website is male and over 50.
Another way to use Panel data is to compare Panel results to the estimates that we have made using our algorithms in order to score the effectiveness of our algorithms. So, if our algorithm predicted for the same news website that most of the audience is under 30, we would learn that our algorithm might be wrong.
Personal Information
Personal Information refers to information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, to you, your browser, or your device. We use the term “personal information” to refer to information that is subject to protection under data protection and privacy laws and regulatory regimes around the world. Depending on the jurisdiction, such information may be referred to as “personal data.”
The Personal Information
Processed
by Quantcast is limited to
Pseudonymised Identifiers
Quantcast does not
Process
Personal Information
that directly identifies you as an individual, and that can be used to directly identify you without technical efforts to add additional information, which Quantcast does not have.
Pixels, Tags, and SDKs
Pixels, Tags, and SDKs are computer code embedded in a website, mobile applications, and advertisements that we use to enable the Solutions. We tend to use the terms Pixels, Tags, and SDKs interchangeably. Quantcast Clients that use the Solutions can put them on their sites, in their apps, or in their ads in order to send us information that is then used in the Solutions. When a Pixel, Tag, or SDK loads and calls our servers, we receive
HTTP Header Information
, along with other information that is configured by the Quantcast Client who is using the Solutions. That information includes IDs from partners, so we know which partner the data is coming from.
Pixels, Tags, and SDKs include:
Sync Pixels: These are used to exchange and match
Pseudonymous Identifiers
between companies that participate in the digital advertising market. By matching, they can synchronise these identifiers to deliver and measure ads.
Tags or Pixels in ads: When a digital ad loads on a page, it can include a Tag or Pixel that we use on behalf of Quantcast Clients to gather information about where and when the ad was served. This can help to measure ad performance, to ensure ads are shown where intended, and to learn in order to improve ad effectiveness.
Tags or Pixels on publisher Clients’ web pages: For publisher Clients that use the Solutions, they can put our Tags on their sites. The information we collect then enables the Client to learn about their audience, and it enables us to build models for better targeting ads.
Tags or Pixels used by advertiser Clients: When advertiser Clients use our Tags or Pixels, they send us information so we can learn about their customers in order to help them better target their ads.
SDKs: SDKs are bits of computer code that mobile app publisher Clients incorporate into their apps, enabling them to send us information. Similar to Pixels or Tags, the information enables us to offer the Solutions as described in our Privacy Policy.
Probabilistic Identifier
A Probabilistic Identifier is a
Pseudonymous Identifier
which we create by combining
Pseudonymous Identifiers
(such as
IP Addresses
) with
Bid Request Data
and/or
Event Data
using non-deterministic, statistical methods to estimate the likelihood that a group of devices may be used by the same user or household, if applicable law or rules allow. For example, we might be able to determine that because a mobile phone and a TV are on the same network, they are likely in the same house. We can then use that information to select and measure ads. Unlike using
Cookie IDs
, this approach is not 100% accurate and could identify one or many devices.
Process
Refers to any operation or set of operations performed upon
Personal Information
or sets of
Personal Information
, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure, or destruction.
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Pseudonymous Identifiers are unique values that distinguish your browser profile(s) or device(s). Pseudonymous Identifiers cannot be linked to you as an individual without technical efforts to add additional information, which Quantcast does not have. We do not attempt to link Pseudonymous Identifiers to you as an individual, and we prohibit other parties with whom we share Pseudonymous Identifiers from doing the same.
Pseudonymous Identifiers are important in digital advertising because they help distinguish browsers or devices over time across different contexts. This is useful for example, to limit the number of times that we show the same ad to one device, to measure the performance of ads, and to target and select personalised ads.
We may incorporate any one of the following types of information in a Quantcast Pseudonymous Identifier:
Third Party Cookie ID: see
Cookie ID
.
First Party Cookie ID: see
Cookie ID
.
IP Addresses
.
Hashed email addresses
Third party identifiers
Device ID
.
Application ID: an ID that is unique to your mobile device and a particular app on your device.
Application Session ID: like an application ID, except that it is reset periodically (e.g., many browsers reset these after 30 minutes of inactivity).
Exchange User ID: an ID that is sent to us with a
Bid Request
that identifies the device or browser where an ad is to be shown.
Probabilistic Identifier
.
Publisher User ID: digital publishers that use the Solutions can send us an ID to use in the Solutions. The digital publisher hashes or encrypts an identifier available to it. The resulting ID is pseudonymous because it does not directly identify you, but it would be consistent across different publishers, so the Publisher User ID can be used to match data.
TLS Session ID: when you visit a website
URL
that starts with “https” instead of “http”, that means you have an encrypted connection between your browser and the site. If one of our
Pixels, Tags or SDKs
loads on the site, that call to our server will also be encrypted. The Session ID identifies a particular session of communication between the browser and the server.
Pseudonymous/Pseudonymised Information
Pseudonymised Information is
Personal Information
that has been
Processed
in such a manner that the information can no longer be attributed to a specific user without the use of additional information, provided that such additional information is kept separately and is subject to technical and organisational measures to ensure that the personal information is not attributed to a specific user.
Segment Data
Segment Data is imported data that is uploaded to the Quantcast platform or provided to us via an API by
Clients
or
Third Party Data Partners
. Segment Data is
Pseudonymised Information
, which may include
Online Data
and/or
Offline Data
as well as
Attributes
,
Inferences
, or
Interests
inferred from that data. This category of information is typically called “Segment Data” because it identifies groups of users who fall into advertising segments (e.g., “auto buyers,” “shoe shoppers,” or “women 25-35”). These segments represent groups of users that share (or that are inferred to share) one or more certain characteristics in common (e.g., a client may want to advertise to a segment of “male shoppers who are interested in sports fashion”). These groupings are created by using the intersection of different segments (in the example given, an audience that is simultaneously in the “male”, “shopper”, and “sports fashion” segments). A segment may be identified with a
Label
(in which case it is referred to as “
Label Data
”).
Software Development Kit (SDK)
See
Pixels, Tags, and SDKs
.
Tag
See
Pixels, Tags, and SDKs
.
TCF
See
IAB Transparency & Consent Framework
.
TCF Purpose/Special Purpose/Feature/Special Feature
The
TCF
has standardised certain Purposes, Special Purposes, Features and Special Features and the descriptions of data processing activity in the digital advertising industry. Through this standardisation, the digital advertising industry can ascribe consistent meanings for the permissions that data subjects give via the
TCF
. This also ensures a consistent experience for users because they then do not have to read and understand an entirely different set of Purposes, Special Purposes, Features, and Special Features for each website they visit.
Because of the benefits of standardising the purposes across the industry, we use the
TCF
to establish the legal basis to
Process
Personal Information
governed by the GDPR, and use the Purposes, Special Purposes, Features, and Special Features in our Privacy Policy to describe much of our data processing activity.
For detailed descriptions of TCF Purposes, Special Purposes, Features, and Special Features, see
IAB Transparency & Consent Framework
.
Third Party Cookie/Cookie ID
See
Cookie
.
Third Party Data
Third Party Data is
Imported Data
that is uploaded to the Quantcast platform or provided to us via API by third party
Data Management Platforms and Data Providers
. Third Party Data may include
Segment Data
.
Training Data
Training Data is
Pseudonymous Information
that we receive from Quantcast Clients and third party data providers, where the actual
Attributes
or
Interests
of the underlying users are known (even though their actual identities are not known to Quantcast). The Training Data is segmented across various
Interests
and
Attributes
, such as shopping interests (e.g., automotive, technology, or restaurants), business and occupation (e.g., management, IT professional or retail), media interests (e.g., cinema, video games, TV), income range, age, marital status, and other socio-economic information and used for data modeling purposes. We use the Training Data to train statistical models to make
Inferences
. When our systems subsequently receive
Event Data
relating to a user, we can infer whether the
Event Data
displays characteristics similar to the Training Data. If the
Event Data
displays characteristics that are similar to the Training Data, we can infer from that the likely
Attributes
and
Interests
of the user to whom the
Event Data
relates. These
Inferences
are then used to deliver advertising and provide aggregated, analytical reporting to our Quantcast Clients.
URL (Uniform Resource Locator)
A URL, also known as a web address, is a reference to a unique web resource that specifies its location on a computer network. Most commonly, a URL points to a web page. URLs can also point to a document, image, video, etc. URLs often use plain text, such as
www.quantcast.com
; in that case, the domain name must be processed by a Domain Name Server in order to convert the domain name into an
IP Address
.
Effective February 17th 2024
to
June 11th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Key Terms
Effective: March 1 2024
Advertising Exchange
See
Exchange/Advertising Exchange
.
Attributes/Attribute Information
Attributes are known, observed, or inferred characteristics.  Examples of attributes are “male” and “visited XYZ website”. Attributes may be derived from
Event Data
,
Bid Request Data
,
Client Data
,
Third Party Data
, and
Inferences/Inferred Data
. Quantcast associates attributes with
Pseudonymous Identifiers
.
Audience
An Audience is a group of devices and/or users who are known to or are estimated to have certain common characteristics. A characteristic in common may be an
Interest
, such as an interest in cooking. A characteristic in common may be an
Attribute
, such as being male, visited a particular digital property, or viewed or interacted with a particular advertisement. One type of Audience is a group who have visited a Client’s digital property. Another type of Audience is a group who have been shown, or may potentially be shown, a Client’s advertisement.
Audience Insights
Audience Insights are data collected, or data that is inferred from data collected, about an
Audience
. Audience Insights are aggregated, anonymised data and are not
Personal Information
.  An example of an Audience Insight is a report that a given audience is estimated to be 70% male and 3 times as likely to be interested in cooking compared to the general population.
Quantcast provides Audience Insights based on
Event Data
,
Bid Request Data
,
Client Data
,
Third Party Data
, and Inferred Data to Clients. Audience Insights enable Clients to better understand the audiences who engage with their content and ads.
Bid Request/Bid Request Data
A Bid Request is a request by a digital content publisher (e.g., website owner, app developer, streaming content provider, etc.) for an offer to place an ad in the publisher’s digital content. For example, when you visit an ad-supported web page, Bid Requests are sent by, or on behalf of, the publisher of the web page to multiple parties that may want to show an ad to you. Those parties can bid for the opportunity to show an ad in an auction, and one ad is selected to show on the page. Bid Requests typically go through an
Advertising Exchange
. This all happens via digital communication between computer servers in less than a second. The contents of the Bid Request may include information about the ad unit (the container in the digital content that will display the ad), the digital content, the device it will be seen on, and your engagement with the  publisher’s digital content, so that prospective buyers can choose whether to bid and how much. For most cases, the contents of the Bid Request are defined by the OpenRTB industry standard (
https://iabtechlab.com/standards/openrtb/
), though not all fields are necessarily included in every Bid Request. Bid Request Data consists of data provided in the Bid Request and will commonly consist of a
Pseudonymous Identifier
(if available), the content  that the ad would serve in (such as the web page, app,  video, etc.), the type of device the ad would be served on (i.e., your device type), the approximate geographic location of your device, the size of the ad, the auction ID, and consent information, such as
TCF Signals
. Bid Request Data also includes Quantcast’s response to the Bid Request, such as whether Quantcast bid on the ad opportunity.
Browsing Data
Browsing Data is information collected relating to your
Online
activity or behaviour. Browsing Data is generated when a
Pixels, Tags, or SDKs
installed by a Client on its digital property loads and sends information to us. This includes the website
URL
of the page you are visiting, often along with a
Pseudonymous Identifier
, as well as fields of information that may be automatically included from
HTTP Header Information
, such as referral
URLs
(which is the
URL
that directed your browser to the website where an advertisement was served to you).
Browsing Data is included in
Event Data
.
Client Data
Client Data is
Imported Data
that is uploaded to the Quantcast platform by a particular advertiser Client for use on its behalf. Client Data is
Pseudonymised Information,
which defines groups of users. These groups might typically be based on users’
Online Data
or
Offline Data
, or other characteristics or aspects of users’ relationship with the Client. The groups are then used by Quantcast to help deliver advertising campaigns to the right
Audiences
on behalf of the Client.
Cookie
A Cookie is a small bit of text that is sent to and saved on your computer or device when you visit a website. A Cookie is associated with a single web browser profile; each web browser and browser profile that you use on your device will have separate Cookies. Cookies allow a website to recognise a browser and are commonly used to store user preferences or identifiers, which enables us to collect and use information about browsers over time and across different internet content. Cookies enable us to understand more about users and the content they are visiting over time, which in turn can be used to improve our Clients’ advertising activities and the quality of advertising you experience. The identifiers we store in Cookies are
Pseudonymous Information
; in other words, they cannot be linked to you as an individual without technical efforts to add additional information, which Quantcast does not have. We do not attempt to link a
Pseudonymous Identifier
to you as an individual, and we prohibit other parties with whom we share
Pseudonymous Identifiers
or
Pseudonymous Information
from doing the same. Browsers have controls that enable users to clear or block Cookies. See your browser help for details.
There are two forms of cookies: First Party Cookies and Third Party Cookies.
A “First Party Cookie” is limited in scope to a particular website you visit (“First Party Cookie”). In some instances, Quantcast is able to store or access information in a First Party Cookie. If
www.example.com
incorporates Quantcast
Pixels, Tags or SDKs
into their website, and if you visit www.example.com, Quantcast may set a First-Party Cookie associated with www.example.com. In these instances, Quantcast can store  a
Pseudonymous Identifier
in the First-Party Cookie, but because it is a First Party Cookie, Quantcast can only access that
Pseudonymous Identifier
in the context of your visits to that site.
A “Third Party Cookie” is a cookie associated with an internet domain that is different from the one you are visiting. For example, if you are visiting
www.example.com
and a Quantcast
Pixel, Tag or SDK
on that website is able to set a cookie associated with quantcast.com, that is a Third Party Cookie. That same cookie will be accessible to Quantcast on other sites that also incorporate Quantcast
Pixels, Tags or SDKs
. Quantcast uses
Pseudonymous Identifiers
stored in Third Party Cookies in order to collect information across multiple websites.
Quantcast Cookies placed on your device have a maximum expiry period of 13 months (or such shorter period as described in the Privacy Policy “Information Collection” section). Each time you visit a website and a First or Third Party Cookie is placed on your device, the placement of a Cookie begins a new expiry period of up to 13 months (or such shorter period as described in the Privacy Policy “Information Collection” section). All Quantcast Cookies automatically cease providing any data to Quantcast from your browser upon expiration.
Cookie ID/Identifier
A Cookie ID is a unique string of characters that we store in a
Cookie
that allows us to identify a single web browser instance over time and across different web sites. Our Cookie IDs are
Pseudonymous Identifiers
. A
First Party Cookie
ID is a unique
Pseudonymous Identifier
relating to the
First-Party Cookie
set by the owner of the website you are visiting. A
Third Party Cookie ID
is a unique
Pseudonymous Identifier
relating to the
Third-Party Cookie
set by Quantcast.
Cookie Syncing/Matching
In the online advertising industry, Cookie Syncing/Matching generally refers to a process through which two entities who each, and separately, identify a device using their own
Pseudonymous Identifier
can determine which of their respective
Pseudonymous Identifiers
may relate to the same device. For example, Quantcast may pseudonymously identify a device as “cookie ID 123.” Company B may pseudonymously identify the same device as “cookie ID ABC.” Cookie Syncing/Matching enables Quantcast and Company B to recognise that their respective
Pseudonymous identifiers
may relate to the device that Quantcast records as “cookie ID 123”.
Quantcast’s Cookie Syncing activities work similarly. If you visit a website that incorporates
Pixels, Tags or SDKs
from Quantcast, Company B may match its own pseudonymous identifiers to Quantcast
Pseudonymous Identifiers
(this creates a record of matching pseudonymous identifiers for Company B).  Once a match is established, Company B can reference a particular device when communicating with Quantcast, using Quantcast’s
Pseudonymous Identifier
.
The Cookie Syncing/Matching process does not in itself result in Quantcast sharing
Attributes
related to Quantcast
Pseudonymous Identifiers
with Company B. The Cookie Syncing/Matching enables transactions between the parties at a later time; for example, in the case of an Advertising Exchange sending a Bid Request, the Bid Request can contain a previously synched
Pseudonymous Identifier.
Cross-Media Matching/Linking
In the online advertising industry, Cross-Media Matching generally refers to a process through which Quantcast links identifiers across a user’s consumption of various media (e.g. audio, video, websites, apps, etc) because such identifiers are known to or
Inferred
to relate to the same user.  Matching/Linking may be undertaken for consumption of media on a single device and for consumption of media on more than one device. As an example, if you visit a digital property using your mobile phone and later visit that same digital property using a browser on your laptop or make visits to several different digital properties using a browser over a period of time, Quantcast may initially determine that these visits are made by different users and assign each device user their own profile.
If, however, Quantcast finds there is sufficient commonality between the
Pseudonymous Identifiers
associated with the consumption of media, Quantcast will assess that those identifiers may be joined as they are likely to emanate from the same user. This assessment is“probabilistic”– in other words, it uses statistical techniques to determine that the identifiers to be matched have a higher likelihood of relating to the same device and/or user.
Data Management Platforms and Data Providers
Data Management Platforms and Data Providers provide
Third Party Data
to Quantcast, or provide a platform through which Clients can provide
Client Data
to Quantcast. These companies either directly licence first and third party
Audience Segment Data
from different sources (such as
Online Data
and
Offline Data
) to businesses or provide a platform through which Clients can collect, organise, and activate such data for Quantcast’s use in connection with the Solutions. We share
Pseudonymous Identifiers
with
Data Management Platforms/Data Providers
in order to sync/match identifiers to effectively integrate with their services (see
Cookie Syncing/Matching
).
Device ID/Identifier
A unique string of characters that can be used to identify a device set by the developer of the device’s operating system (e.g., a mobile phone, tablet, TV, or console). Device Identifiers (or “Device IDs”) serve a similar purpose as
Cookies
and can be used to provide personalised advertising. A Device ID is a
Pseudonymous Identifier
.
A Mobile Advertising ID (or “MAID”) is a Device ID assigned to a mobile device  or connected TV (“CTV”) device by the device operating system. Typically, the device user can reset or turn off the ID via the device’s settings. A MAID is referred to as the IDFA (ID for Advertisers) on iOS devices and GAID (Google Ad ID) on Android mobile devices.
Device Configuration/Device Information
Information about a device or its configuration, transmitted from the device, and typically associated with a
Pseudonymous Identifier
. The information includes browser, app, or other information about the device (such as device type, screen size and resolution, date and time, and language), which also may include a
User Agent.
Some Device Information is derived from
HTTP Request Header Information
.
Event Data
Information collected relating to your
Online
activity/behaviour, which may include
Personal Information
in
Pseudonymous Identifiers
,
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
,
HTTP Request Header Information
,
Device Information
,
Browsing Data
and
TCF Signals
. Event Data is generated when a
Pixel, Tag, or SDK
installed on a Client’s digital property loads and sends information to us. Event Data can also be collected from ads, when you view or click on an ad which contains a
Tag
.
Exchange/Advertising Exchange
A marketplace platform that facilitates automated, real-time, auction-based buying and selling of ad inventory (which are spaces available on sites and apps to display ads). An Advertising Exchange receives Bid Requests from digital publishers and forwards them to advertisers, or to entities like Quantcast who act on behalf of advertisers. Advertisers, or their agents, respond to
Bid Requests
with a bid amount and an advertisement to provide to a user if they win the auction.
First Party Cookie
See
Cookie
.
HTTP Request Header Information
HTTP headers are defined by internet standards and contain a number of data fields designed to facilitate communication and interoperability on the internet. On the web, your web browser controls which headers are sent and what the contents are. We receive the headers when a request is sent over the internet to our system, such as when a
Pixel
loads in your web browser. We also might receive information that has been derived from the HTTP headers from another party, such as in a
Bid Request
. We use a subset of the header fields for purposes described in the Privacy Policy, which includes:
IP Address
Cookie
(if available)
User Agent, which is a string (a line of text) identifying the device type, browser type, and version that the user is using to access the web server (“User Agent”)
Date, which includes the precise time of access
Referral
URL
, which is the web page you were on when the request was sent
TLS Session ID, which identifies a particular session of communication between the browser and the server
Content-Language, which is the languages of the intended audience for the enclosed content
Detailed documentation related to HTTP header information can be found online in a general search for “HTTP header information fields”.
IAB Transparency & Consent Framework (“TCF”)
The IAB Transparency & Consent Framework, or “TCF,” is a standardised industry program active in countries governed by the GDPR, and designed for notifying users about data
Processing
by companies involved in digital advertising on sites and apps that users visit, and for establishing a legal basis for that
Processing
.
The TCF is designed to be used on digital properties, such as websites and apps. The TCF incorporates a consent dialog that displays when users visit a website or app, giving them information about vendors, the data they collect, and the purposes for which they collect it. It also offers an opportunity for users to give or change their permissions for such data collection and use.
The TCF allows Quantcast to work with publishers of websites and other digital properties in a consistent manner using standardised technical specifications to:
(a) provide a link to Quantcast's Privacy Policy, as well as transparency about Quantcast's
Processing
of Personal Information, the specific purposes for which Quantcast
Processes
Personal Information
, and Quantcast's legal basis for such
Processing
, directly on the website or other digital property accessed by the user;
(b) allow the user, in a granular manner, to express their consent or refusal to consent, to Quantcast's (i) use of
Cookies
, and (ii) the purposes of Quantcast's
Processing
, which are the reasons why Quantcast
Processes
the personal data of users (“
TCF Purposes”
), including where Quantcast relies on the user’s consent for such
Processing
directly on the website or other digital property that the user is accessing;
(c) allow the user to object to Quantcast's
Processing
of
Personal Information
(for purposes where Quantcast relies on legitimate interests) directly on the website or other digital property accessed by the user.
Using the
TCF
allows publishers of websites or other digital properties to provide information about Quantcast’s
Processing
to users in a consistent manner. The user-facing disclosures presented by these digital properties are sourced from information that Quantcast has registered with the
TCF's
“
Global Vendor List
”, a publicly accessible, machine-readable repository of information about TCF-compliant vendors, like Quantcast. This information includes Quantcast’s Privacy Policy
URL
, the purposes for which it
Processes
Personal Information
, and its legal basis for each of these purposes. As the description of these purposes and minimum standards for disclosures are standardised across all TCF participants, Quantcast knows how operators of websites or other digital properties using the TCF are making disclosures about Quantcast and can have confidence in such disclosures.
In addition, the TCF enables publishers of websites or other digital properties to create and send to Quantcast a standardised technical signal that indicates (A) whether Quantcast’s transparency disclosures were provided  to a user; (B) whether  or not the user has consented to Quantcast’s Processing and/or each purpose for which Quantcast sought the user's consent; and (c) whether the user objected to Quantcast’s Processing and/or any purposes for which Quantcast
Processes
Personal Information
on the basis of its legitimate interests (the “TCF Signal”).
TCF Signal is collected via Quantcast
Tags
if the digital property on which the
Tag
is implemented has also implemented a TCF-compatible Consent Management Platform, which is a company or organisation that centralises and manages transparency for, and consent and objections of, the user (“CMP”) . In addition, TCF Signal is received by Quantcast as part of the
Bid Requests
it receives from
Advertising Exchanges
. Quantcast is able to read the standardised TCF Signal and will only
Process
Personal Information
for purposes to which the user has consented (where consent is the legal basis) or not objected (where legitimate interests is the legal basis) in order to provide the Solutions.
Read more about the TCF here
https://iabeurope.eu/transparency-consent-framework/
Imported Data
Imported Data is uploaded to the Quantcast platform or provided to us via an Application Programming Interface (“API”). Imported Data is
Pseudonymised Information
, which may include information relating to your
Online data
or
Offline data
or other information that Clients or partners have about you.  For examples of Imported Data provided to Quantcast, see
Client Data
or
Third Party Data
.
Imported Data (Client)
See
Client Data
.
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment)
See
Third Party Data
.
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
Typically, in digital advertising we distinguish between precise and imprecise geolocation information.
Precise geolocation usually comes from GPS coordinates from mobile devices, and can have precision up to about one metre. Quantcast does not use precise geolocation data and we request that Clients, partners, and third parties refrain from sending precise geolocation to us. If a party inadvertently sends it, we do not use it in the Solutions and it is removed from our systems within 30 days.
Imprecise geolocation is lower precision, and refers to a general geographic area, for example a country, region, city or division of a metropolitan area, and/or some combination of these, and is often derived from GPS coordinates or from
IP Addresses
.
Inferences/Inferred Data
Inferences, or Inferred Data, is information that is inferred from data that we have collected about a device, such as
Event Data
,
Bid Request Data
,
Client Data
, or
Third Party Data
. Our inferences are made using algorithms that estimate the likelihood that the user of a device has particular interests or characteristics. The Inferences are then associated with a
Pseudonymous Identifier
as part of a set of device
Attributes
.
For example, if a device frequently visits sports websites, it might be inferred that there is some probability the user of that device likes sports. Similarly, if a device frequently visits an airline provider’s website, it might be inferred that there is some probability a user of that device likes to travel.  Other Inferences  include things such as
Interests
, income range, gender, age, marital status, and other socio-economic information.
Inferences associated with any individual device have a high degree of uncertainty. Inferences become more accurate when used to estimate the characteristics of a large group of devices, like an
Audience
.
Interests
Interests are known, observed, or inferred non-demographic characteristics. Interests are associated with Pseudonymous Identifiers to characterise particular interests of users. Examples of Interests include “cooking” and “outdoor activities”. Interests may be derived from
Event Data
,
Bid Request Data
,
Client Data
,
Third Party Data
, and Inferences/Inferred Data.
IP Address
An IP (“Internet Protocol”) Address is a unique numerical label corresponding to a computer or device. Computers use IP Addresses to identify each other and know where to send information over the Internet. For example, when you open a web page in your browser a request is made to a server for the web page content. The server knows where to send the content based on the IP Address contained in the request. Computers or other devices are assigned an IP Address from the network the device is on. A device’s IP Address may change over time or as a device changes locations. Also, an IP Address can refer to multiple devices, for example if the devices are behind an internet router.
An IP Address that has been hashed, or encoded using a cryptographic hashing function to obfuscate the email, is treated as a
Pseudonymous Identifier
.
Labels/Label Data
Labels, or Label Data, are descriptors associated with
Pseudonymous Identifiers
to denote particular groups of users that can be subsequently used to index all
Pseudonymous Identifiers
associated with that label. An analogy would be applying a “label” to messages in an email inbox - you might decide to label messages from work as “Work”, family members as “Family,” and so on. These labels then help you readily index and recall particular categories of email.
Labels processed by Quantcast are:
Labels from
Data Management Platforms and Data Providers
: these are category Labels (e.g., male, female, age 21-24) acquired from third party data partners relating to a
Pseudonymous Identifier
;
Custom-
Client Data
Labels: these are custom category labels set by Clients corresponding to a device associated with the identifier visiting their digital property (e.g., byline of the news article accessed by the user) or product name (of the product accessed by the user).
Inferred Data
Labels: these are inferred category Labels about a user using a device associated with a
Pseudonymous Identifier
, e.g., inferred age, inferred gender, inferred interest.
Example Labels are “male” and “visited XYZ website”. Labels may be inferred information (see
Inferences/Inferred Data
) or may be
Imported Data
(see
Client Data
and
Third Party Data
).
Log Data
Log Data is an industry term that is generally used to refer to data collected from interactions with computer systems, and is used differently by different companies. For purposes of describing our
Processing
, we use more precise terms, such as Pseudonymous Identifiers,
Event Data
,
Bid Request Data
,
Client Data
,
Third Party Data
, and/or Inferences/Inferred Data, which are all types of data that can be subsumed within the general industry term “Log Data”. Some elements within Log Data, when isolated from the
Pseudonymous Identifiers
, will not qualify as Personal Information. For example, a single time zone and publisher
URL
without an associated
Pseudonymous Identifier
would not qualify as
Personal Information
.
Online Data
Data relating to a user’s interaction with digital media including websites, apps and streaming media services.
Offline Data
Data relating to a user’s real-world purchases and/or activity.
Panel
A Panel is a set of individuals who have consented to participate in market research and share information about themselves, their preferences and interests for purposes of research and market analytics.
This information can then be used as the basis for learning or making inferences about a larger population. For example, if a number of people on a Panel share that they visit a particular news website, and of those people, most of them are male and over the age of 50, we might extrapolate from that and say that most of the audience for that website is male and over 50.
Another way to use Panel data is to compare Panel results to the estimates that we have made using our algorithms in order to score the effectiveness of our algorithms. So, if our algorithm predicted for the same news website that most of the audience is under 30, we would learn that our algorithm might be wrong.
Personal Information
Personal Information refers to information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, to you, your browser, or your device. We use the term “personal information” to refer to information that is subject to protection under data protection and privacy laws and regulatory regimes around the world. Depending on the jurisdiction, such information may be referred to as “personal data.”
The Personal Information
Processed
by Quantcast is limited to Pseudonymised Identifiers. Quantcast does not
Process
Personal Information
that directly identifies you as an individual, and that can be used to directly identify you without technical efforts to add additional information, which Quantcast does not have.
Pixels, Tags, and SDKs
Pixels, Tags, and SDKs are computer code embedded in a website that we use to enable the Solutions. We tend to use the terms Pixels, Tags, and SDKs interchangeably. Clients that use the Solutions can put them on their sites, in their apps, or in their ads in order to send us information that is then used in the Solutions. When a Pixel, Tag, or SDK loads and calls our servers, we receive
HTTP Header Information
, along with other information that is configured by the Client who is using the Solutions. That information includes IDs from partners, so we know which partner the data is coming from.
Pixels, Tags, and SDKs include:
Sync Pixels: These are used to exchange and match
Pseudonymous Identifiers
between companies that participate in the digital advertising market. By matching, they can synchronise these identifiers to deliver and measure ads.
Tags or Pixels in ads: When a digital ad loads on a page, it can include a Tag or Pixel that we use on behalf of Clients to gather information about where and when the ad was served. This can help to measure ad performance, to ensure ads are shown where intended, and to learn in order to improve ad effectiveness.
Tags or Pixels on publisher Clients’ web pages: For publisher Clients that use the Solutions, they can put our Tags on their sites. The information we collect then enables the Client to learn about their audience, and it enables us to build models for better targeting ads.
Tags or Pixels used by advertiser Clients: When advertiser Clients use our Tags or Pixels, they send us information so we can learn about their customers in order to help them better target their ads.
SDKs: SDKs are bits of computer code that mobile app publisher Clients incorporate into their apps, enabling them to send us information. Similar to Pixels or Tags, the information enables us to offer the Solutions as described in our Privacy Policy.
Probabilistic Identifier
A Probabilistic Identifier is a Pseudonymous Identifier which we create by combining
Pseudonymous Identifiers
(such as IP Addresses) with Bid Request Data and/or Event Data using non-deterministic, statistical methods to estimate the likelihood that a group of devices may be used by the same user or household, if applicable law or rules allow. For example, we might be able to determine that because a mobile phone and a TV are on the same network, they are likely in the same house. We can then use that information to select and measure ads. Unlike using Cookie IDs, this approach is not 100% accurate and could identify one or many devices.
Process
Refers to any operation or set of operations performed upon Personal Information or sets of
Personal Information
, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure, or destruction.
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Pseudonymous Identifiers are unique values that distinguish your browser profile(s) or device(s). Pseudonymous Identifiers cannot be linked to you as an individual without technical efforts to add additional information, which Quantcast does not have. We do not attempt to link Pseudonymous Identifiers to you as an individual, and we prohibit other parties with whom we share Pseudonymous Identifiers from doing the same.
Pseudonymous Identifiers are important in digital advertising because they help distinguish browsers or devices over time across different contexts. This is useful for example, to limit the number of times that we show the same ad to one device, to measure the performance of ads, and to target and select personalised ads.
We may incorporate any one of the following types of information in a Quantcast Pseudonymous Identifier:
Third Party Cookie ID: see
Cookie ID
.
First Party Cookie ID: see
Cookie ID
.
IP Addresses
.
Hashed email addresses, which are email addresses that have been encoded using a cryptographic hashing function to obfuscate the email.
Third party identifiers
Device ID
.
Application ID: an ID that is unique to your mobile device and a particular app on your device.
Application Session ID: like an application ID, except that it is reset periodically (e.g., many browsers reset these after 30 minutes of inactivity).
Exchange User ID: an ID that is sent to us with a
Bid Request
that identifies the device or browser where an ad is to be shown.
Probabilistic Identifier
.
Publisher User ID: digital publishers that use the Solutions can send us an ID to use in the Solutions. The digital publisher hashes or encrypts an identifier available to it. The resulting ID is pseudonymous because it does not directly identify you, but it would be consistent across different publishers, so the Publisher User ID can be used to match data.
TLS Session ID: when you visit a website
URL
that starts with “https” instead of “http”, that means you have an encrypted connection between your browser and the site. If one of our
Pixels, Tags or SDKs
loads on the site, that call to our server will also be encrypted. The Session ID identifies a particular session of communication between the browser and the server.
Pseudonymous/Pseudonymised Information
Pseudonymised Information is
Personal Information
that has been
Processed
in such a manner that the information can no longer be attributed to a specific user without the use of additional information, provided that such additional information is kept separately and is subject to technical and organisational measures to ensure that the personal information is not attributed to a specific user.
Segment Data
Segment Data is imported data that is uploaded to the Quantcast platform or provided to us via an API by Clients or Third Party Data Partners. Segment Data is
Pseudonymised Information
, which may include
Online Data
and/or
Offline Data
as well as
Attributes
, Inferences, or
Interests
inferred from that data. This category of information is typically called “Segment Data” because it identifies groups of users who fall into advertising segments (e.g., “auto buyers,” “shoe shoppers,” or “women 25-35”). These segments represent groups of users that share (or that are inferred to share) one or more certain characteristics in common (e.g., a client may want to advertise to a segment of “male shoppers who are interested in sports fashion”). These groupings are created by using the intersection of different segments (in the example given, an audience that is simultaneously in the “male”, “shopper”, and “sports fashion” segments). A segment may be identified with a Label (in which case it is referred to as “
Label Data
”).
Software Development Kit (SDK)
See
Pixels, Tags, and SDKs
.
Tag
See
Pixels, Tags, and SDKs
.
TCF
See
IAB Transparency & Consent Framework
.
TCF Purpose/TCF Special Purpose
The
TCF
has standardised certain Purposes, Special Purposes and Special Features and the descriptions of data processing activity in the digital advertising industry. Through this standardisation, the digital advertising industry can ascribe consistent meanings for the permissions that data subjects give via the
TCF
. This also ensures a consistent experience for users because they then do not have to read and understand an entirely different set of Purposes, Special Purposes and Special Features for each website they visit.
Because of the benefits of standardising the purposes across the industry, we use the
TCF
to establish the legal basis to
Process
Personal Information
and use the Purposes, Special Purposes and Special Features in our Privacy Policy to describe much of our data processing activity.
For detailed descriptions of TCF “Purpose” or TCF “Special Purpose”, see
IAB Transparency & Consent Framework
.
Third Party Cookie/Cookie ID
See
Cookie
.
Third Party Data
Third Party Data is
Imported Data
that is uploaded to the Quantcast platform or provided to us via API by third party
Data Management Platforms and Data Providers
. Third Party Data may include
Segment Data
.
Training Data
Training Data is
Pseudonymous Information
that we receive from Clients and third party data providers,  where the actual
Attributes
or
Interests
of the underlying users are known (even though their actual identities are not known to Quantcast). The Training Data is segmented across various
Interests
and
Attributes
, such as shopping interests (e.g., automotive, technology, or restaurants), business and occupation (e.g., management, IT professional or retail), media interests (e.g., cinema, video games, TV), income range, age, marital status, and other socio-economic information and used  for data modeling purposes. We use the Training Data to train statistical models to make
Inferences
. When our systems subsequently receive
Event Data
relating to a user, we can infer whether the
Event Data
displays characteristics similar to the Training Data. If the
Event Data
displays characteristics that are similar to the Training Data, we can infer from that the likely
Attributes
and
Interests
of the user to whom the
Event Data
relates. These Inferences are then used to deliver advertising and provide aggregated, analytical reporting to our Clients.
URL (Uniform Resource Locator)
A URL, also known as a web address, is a reference to a unique web resource that specifies its location on a computer network. Most commonly, a URL points to a web page. URLs can also point to a document, image, video, etc. URLs often use plain text, such as
www.quantcast.com
; in that case, the domain name must be processed by a Domain Name Server in order to convert the domain name into an
IP Address
.
Effective February 12th 2024
to
February 17th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Key Terms
Effective: March 1 2024
Advertising Exchange
See
Exchange/Advertising Exchange
.
Attributes/Attribute Information
Attributes are known, observed, or inferred characteristics.  Examples of attributes are “male” and “visited XYZ website”. Attributes may be derived from
Event Data
,
Bid Request Data
,
Client Data
,
Third Party Data
, and
Inferences/Inferred Data
. Quantcast associates attributes with
Pseudonymous Identifiers
.
Audience
An Audience is a group of devices and/or users who are known to or are estimated to have certain common characteristics. A characteristic in common may be an
Interest
, such as an interest in cooking. A characteristic in common may be an
Attribute
, such as being male, visited a particular digital property, or viewed or interacted with a particular advertisement. One type of Audience is a group who have visited a Client’s digital property. Another type of Audience is a group who have been shown, or may potentially be shown, a Client’s advertisement.
Audience Insights
Audience Insights are data collected, or data that is inferred from data collected, about an
Audience
. Audience Insights are aggregated, anonymised data and are not
Personal Information
.  An example of an Audience Insight is a report that a given audience is estimated to be 70% male and 3 times as likely to be interested in cooking compared to the general population.
Quantcast provides Audience Insights based on
Event Data
,
Bid Request Data
,
Client Data
,
Third Party Data
, and
Inferred Data
to Clients. Audience Insights enable Clients to better understand the audiences who engage with their content and ads.
Bid Request/Bid Request Data
A Bid Request is a request by a digital content publisher (e.g., website owner, app developer, streaming content provider, etc.) for an offer to place an ad in the publisher’s digital content. For example, when you visit an ad-supported web page, Bid Requests are sent by, or on behalf of, the publisher of the web page to multiple parties that may want to show an ad to you. Those parties can bid for the opportunity to show an ad in an auction, and one ad is selected to show on the page. Bid Requests typically go through an
Advertising Exchange
. This all happens via digital communication between computer servers in less than a second. The contents of the Bid Request may include information about the ad unit (the container in the digital content that will display the ad), the digital content, the device it will be seen on, and your engagement with the  publisher’s digital content, so that prospective buyers can choose whether to bid and how much. For most cases, the contents of the Bid Request are defined by the OpenRTB industry standard (
https://iabtechlab.com/standards/openrtb/
), though not all fields are necessarily included in every Bid Request. Bid Request Data consists of data provided in the Bid Request and will commonly consist of a
Pseudonymous Identifier
(if available), the content  that the ad would serve in (such as the web page, app,  video, etc.), the type of device the ad would be served on (i.e., your device type), the approximate geographic location of your device, the size of the ad, the auction ID, and consent information, such as
TCF Signals
. Bid Request Data also includes Quantcast’s response to the Bid Request, such as whether Quantcast bid on the ad opportunity.
Browsing Data
Browsing Data is information collected relating to your
Online
activity or behaviour. Browsing Data is generated when a
Pixels, Tags, or SDKs
installed by a Client on its digital property loads and sends information to us. This includes the website
URL
of the page you are visiting, often along with a
Pseudonymous Identifier
, as well as fields of information that may be automatically included from
HTTP Header Information
, such as referral
URLs
(which is the
URL
that directed your browser to the website where an advertisement was served to you).
Browsing Data is included in
Event Data
.
Client Data
Client Data is
Imported Data
that is uploaded to the Quantcast platform by a particular advertiser Client for use on its behalf. Client Data is
Pseudonymised Information,
which defines groups of users. These groups might typically be based on users’
Online Data
or
Offline Data
, or other characteristics or aspects of users’ relationship with the Client. The groups are then used by Quantcast to help deliver advertising campaigns to the right
Audiences
on behalf of the Client.
Cookie
A Cookie is a small bit of text that is sent to and saved on your computer or device when you visit a website. A Cookie is associated with a single web browser profile; each web browser and browser profile that you use on your device will have separate Cookies. Cookies allow a website to recognise a browser and are commonly used to store user preferences or identifiers, which enables us to collect and use information about browsers over time and across different internet content. Cookies enable us to understand more about users and the content they are visiting over time, which in turn can be used to improve our Clients’ advertising activities and the quality of advertising you experience. The identifiers we store in Cookies are
Pseudonymous Information
; in other words, they cannot be linked to you as an individual without technical efforts to add additional information, which Quantcast does not have. We do not attempt to link a
Pseudonymous Identifier
to you as an individual, and we prohibit other parties with whom we share
Pseudonymous Identifiers
or
Pseudonymous Information
from doing the same. Browsers have controls that enable users to clear or block Cookies. See your browser help for details.
There are two forms of cookies: First Party Cookies and Third Party Cookies.
A “First Party Cookie” is limited in scope to a particular website you visit (“First Party Cookie”). In some instances, Quantcast is able to store or access information in a First Party Cookie. If
www.example.com
incorporates Quantcast
Pixels, Tags or SDKs
into their website, and if you visit www.example.com, Quantcast may set a First-Party Cookie associated with www.example.com. In these instances, Quantcast can store  a
Pseudonymous Identifier
in the First-Party Cookie, but because it is a First Party Cookie, Quantcast can only access that
Pseudonymous Identifier
in the context of your visits to that site.
A “Third Party Cookie” is a cookie associated with an internet domain that is different from the one you are visiting. For example, if you are visiting
www.example.com
and a Quantcast
Pixel, Tag or SDK
on that website is able to set a cookie associated with quantcast.com, that is a Third Party Cookie. That same cookie will be accessible to Quantcast on other sites that also incorporate Quantcast
Pixels, Tags or SDKs
. Quantcast uses
Pseudonymous Identifiers
stored in Third Party Cookies in order to collect information across multiple websites.
Quantcast Cookies placed on your device have a maximum expiry period of 13 months (or such shorter period as described in the Privacy Policy “Information Collection” section). Each time you visit a website and a First or Third Party Cookie is placed on your device, the placement of a Cookie begins a new expiry period of up to 13 months (or such shorter period as described in the Privacy Policy “Information Collection” section). All Quantcast Cookies automatically cease providing any data to Quantcast from your browser upon expiration.
Cookie ID/Identifier
A Cookie ID is a unique string of characters that we store in a
Cookie
that allows us to identify a single web browser instance over time and across different web sites. Our Cookie IDs are
Pseudonymous Identifiers
. A
First Party Cookie
ID is a unique
Pseudonymous Identifier
relating to the
First-Party Cookie
set by the owner of the website you are visiting. A
Third Party Cookie ID
is a unique
Pseudonymous Identifier
relating to the
Third-Party Cookie
set by Quantcast.
Cookie Syncing/Matching
In the online advertising industry, Cookie Syncing/Matching generally refers to a process through which two entities who each, and separately, identify a device using their own
Pseudonymous Identifier
can determine which of their respective
Pseudonymous Identifiers
may relate to the same device. For example, Quantcast may pseudonymously identify a device as “cookie ID 123.” Company B may pseudonymously identify the same device as “cookie ID ABC.” Cookie Syncing/Matching enables Quantcast and Company B to recognise that their respective
Pseudonymous identifiers
may relate to the device that Quantcast records as “cookie ID 123”.
Quantcast’s Cookie Syncing activities work similarly. If you visit a website that incorporates
Pixels, Tags or SDKs
from Quantcast, Company B may match its own pseudonymous identifiers to Quantcast
Pseudonymous Identifiers
(this creates a record of matching pseudonymous identifiers for Company B).  Once a match is established, Company B can reference a particular device when communicating with Quantcast, using Quantcast’s
Pseudonymous Identifier
.
The Cookie Syncing/Matching process does not in itself result in Quantcast sharing
Attributes
related to Quantcast
Pseudonymous Identifiers
with Company B. The Cookie Syncing/Matching enables transactions between the parties at a later time; for example, in the case of an Advertising Exchange sending a Bid Request, the Bid Request can contain a previously synched
Pseudonymous Identifier.
Cross-Media Matching/Linking
In the online advertising industry, Cross-Media Matching generally refers to a process through which Quantcast links identifiers across a user’s consumption of various media (e.g. audio, video, websites, apps, etc) because such identifiers are known to or
Inferred
to relate to the same user.  Matching/Linking may be undertaken for consumption of media on a single device and for consumption of media on more than one device. As an example, if you visit a digital property using your mobile phone and later visit that same digital property using a browser on your laptop or make visits to several different digital properties using a browser over a period of time, Quantcast may initially determine that these visits are made by different users and assign each device user their own profile.
If, however, Quantcast finds there is sufficient commonality between the
Pseudonymous Identifiers
associated with the consumption of media, Quantcast will assess that those identifiers may be joined as they are likely to emanate from the same user. This assessment is“probabilistic”– in other words, it uses statistical techniques to determine that the identifiers to be matched have a higher likelihood of relating to the same device and/or user.
Data Management Platforms and Data Providers
Data Management Platforms and Data Providers provide
Third Party Data
to Quantcast, or provide a platform through which Clients can provide
Client Data
to Quantcast. These companies either directly licence first and third party
Audience
Segment Data
from different sources (such as
Online Data
and
Offline Data
) to businesses or provide a platform through which Clients can collect, organise, and activate such data for Quantcast’s use in connection with the Solutions. We share
Pseudonymous Identifiers
with
Data Management Platforms/Data Providers
in order to sync/match identifiers to effectively integrate with their services (see
Cookie Syncing/Matching
).
Device ID/Identifier
A unique string of characters that can be used to identify a device set by the developer of the device’s operating system (e.g., a mobile phone, tablet, TV, or console). Device Identifiers (or “Device IDs”) serve a similar purpose as
Cookies
and can be used to provide personalised advertising. A Device ID is a
Pseudonymous Identifier
.
A Mobile Advertising ID (or “MAID”) is a Device ID assigned to a mobile device  or connected TV (“CTV”) device by the device operating system. Typically, the device user can reset or turn off the ID via the device’s settings. A MAID is referred to as the IDFA (ID for Advertisers) on iOS devices and GAID (Google Ad ID) on Android mobile devices.
Device Configuration/Device Information
Information about a device or its configuration, transmitted from the device, and typically associated with a
Pseudonymous Identifier
. The information includes browser, app, or other information about the device (such as device type, screen size and resolution, date and time, and language), which also may include a
User Agent.
Some Device Information is derived from
HTTP Request Header Information
.
Event Data
Information collected relating to your
Online
activity/behaviour, which may include
Personal Information
in
Pseudonymous Identifiers
,
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
,
HTTP Request Header Information
,
Device Information
,
Browsing Data
and
TCF Signals
. Event Data is generated when a
Pixel, Tag, or SDK
installed on a Client’s digital property loads and sends information to us. Event Data can also be collected from ads, when you view or click on an ad which contains a
Tag
.
Exchange/Advertising Exchange
A marketplace platform that facilitates automated, real-time, auction-based buying and selling of ad inventory (which are spaces available on sites and apps to display ads). An Advertising Exchange receives
Bid Requests
from digital publishers and forwards them to advertisers, or to entities like Quantcast who act on behalf of advertisers. Advertisers, or their agents, respond to
Bid Requests
with a bid amount and an advertisement to provide to a user if they win the auction.
First Party Cookie
See
Cookie
.
HTTP Request Header Information
HTTP headers are defined by internet standards and contain a number of data fields designed to facilitate communication and interoperability on the internet. On the web, your web browser controls which headers are sent and what the contents are. We receive the headers when a request is sent over the internet to our system, such as when a
Pixel
loads in your web browser. We also might receive information that has been derived from the HTTP headers from another party, such as in a
Bid Request
. We use a subset of the header fields for purposes described in the Privacy Policy, which includes:
IP Address
Cookie
(if available)
User Agent, which is a string (a line of text) identifying the device type, browser type, and version that the user is using to access the web server (“User Agent”)
Date, which includes the precise time of access
Referral
URL
, which is the web page you were on when the request was sent
TLS Session ID, which identifies a particular session of communication between the browser and the server
Content-Language, which is the languages of the intended audience for the enclosed content
Detailed documentation related to HTTP header information can be found online in a general search for “HTTP header information fields”.
IAB Transparency & Consent Framework (“TCF”)
The IAB Transparency & Consent Framework, or “TCF,” is a standardised industry program active in countries governed by the GDPR, and designed for notifying users about data
Processing
by companies involved in digital advertising on sites and apps that users visit, and for establishing a legal basis for that
Processing
.
The TCF is designed to be used on digital properties, such as websites and apps. The TCF incorporates a consent dialog that displays when users visit a website or app, giving them information about vendors, the data they collect, and the purposes for which they collect it. It also offers an opportunity for users to give or change their permissions for such data collection and use.
The TCF allows Quantcast to work with publishers of websites and other digital properties in a consistent manner using standardised technical specifications to:
(a) provide a link to Quantcast's Privacy Policy, as well as transparency about Quantcast's
Processing
of
Personal Information
, the specific purposes for which Quantcast
Processes
Personal Information
, and Quantcast's legal basis for such
Processing
, directly on the website or other digital property accessed by the user;
(b) allow the user, in a granular manner, to express their consent or refusal to consent, to Quantcast's (i) use of
Cookies
, and (ii) the purposes of Quantcast's
Processing
, which are the reasons why Quantcast
Processes
the personal data of users (“
TCF Purposes”
), including where Quantcast relies on the user’s consent for such
Processing
directly on the website or other digital property that the user is accessing;
(c) allow the user to object to Quantcast's
Processing
of
Personal Information
(for purposes where Quantcast relies on legitimate interests) directly on the website or other digital property accessed by the user.
Using the
TCF
allows publishers of websites or other digital properties to provide information about Quantcast’s
Processing
to users in a consistent manner. The user-facing disclosures presented by these digital properties are sourced from information that Quantcast has registered with the
TCF's
“
Global Vendor List
”, a publicly accessible, machine-readable repository of information about TCF-compliant vendors, like Quantcast. This information includes Quantcast’s Privacy Policy
URL
, the purposes for which it
Processes
Personal Information
, and its legal basis for each of these purposes. As the description of these purposes and minimum standards for disclosures are standardised across all TCF participants, Quantcast knows how operators of websites or other digital properties using the TCF are making disclosures about Quantcast and can have confidence in such disclosures.
In addition, the TCF enables publishers of websites or other digital properties to create and send to Quantcast a standardised technical signal that indicates (A) whether Quantcast’s transparency disclosures were provided  to a user; (B) whether  or not the user has consented to Quantcast’s
Processing
and/or each purpose for which Quantcast sought the user's consent; and (c) whether the user objected to Quantcast’s
Processing
and/or any purposes for which Quantcast
Processes
Personal Information
on the basis of its legitimate interests (the “TCF Signal”).
TCF Signal is collected via Quantcast
Tags
if the digital property on which the
Tag
is implemented has also implemented a TCF-compatible Consent Management Platform, which is a company or organisation that centralises and manages transparency for, and consent and objections of, the user (“CMP”) . In addition, TCF Signal is received by Quantcast as part of the
Bid Requests
it receives from
Advertising Exchanges
. Quantcast is able to read the standardised TCF Signal and will only
Process
Personal Information
for purposes to which the user has consented (where consent is the legal basis) or not objected (where legitimate interests is the legal basis) in order to provide the Solutions.
Read more about the TCF here
https://iabeurope.eu/transparency-consent-framework/
Imported Data
Imported Data is uploaded to the Quantcast platform or provided to us via an Application Programming Interface (“API”). Imported Data is
Pseudonymised Information
, which may include information relating to your
Online data
or
Offline data
or other information that Clients or partners have about you.  For examples of Imported Data provided to Quantcast, see
Client Data
or
Third Party Data
.
Imported Data (Client)
See
Client Data
.
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment)
See
Third Party Data
.
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
Typically, in digital advertising we distinguish between precise and imprecise geolocation information.
Precise geolocation usually comes from GPS coordinates from mobile devices, and can have precision up to about one metre. Quantcast does not use precise geolocation data and we request that Clients, partners, and third parties refrain from sending precise geolocation to us. If a party inadvertently sends it, we do not use it in the Solutions and it is removed from our systems within 30 days.
Imprecise geolocation is lower precision, and refers to a general geographic area, for example a country, region, city or division of a metropolitan area, and/or some combination of these, and is often derived from GPS coordinates or from
IP Addresses
.
Inferences/Inferred Data
Inferences, or Inferred Data, is information that is inferred from data that we have collected about a device, such as
Event Data
,
Bid Request Data
,
Client Data
, or
Third Party Data
. Our inferences are made using algorithms that estimate the likelihood that the user of a device has particular interests or characteristics. The Inferences are then associated with a
Pseudonymous Identifier
as part of a set of device
Attributes
.
For example, if a device frequently visits sports websites, it might be inferred that there is some probability the user of that device likes sports. Similarly, if a device frequently visits an airline provider’s website, it might be inferred that there is some probability a user of that device likes to travel.  Other Inferences  include things such as
Interests
, income range, gender, age, marital status, and other socio-economic information.
Inferences associated with any individual device have a high degree of uncertainty. Inferences become more accurate when used to estimate the characteristics of a large group of devices, like an
Audience
.
Interests
Interests are known, observed, or inferred non-demographic characteristics. Interests are associated with
Pseudonymous Identifiers
to characterise particular interests of users. Examples of Interests include “cooking” and “outdoor activities”. Interests may be derived from
Event Data
,
Bid Request Data
,
Client Data
,
Third Party Data
, and
Inferences/Inferred Data
.
IP Address
An IP (“Internet Protocol”) Address is a unique numerical label corresponding to a computer or device. Computers use IP Addresses to identify each other and know where to send information over the Internet. For example, when you open a web page in your browser a request is made to a server for the web page content. The server knows where to send the content based on the IP Address contained in the request. Computers or other devices are assigned an IP Address from the network the device is on. A device’s IP Address may change over time or as a device changes locations. Also, an IP Address can refer to multiple devices, for example if the devices are behind an internet router.
An IP Address that has been hashed, or encoded using a cryptographic hashing function to obfuscate the email, is treated as a
Pseudonymous Identifier
.
Labels/Label Data
Labels, or Label Data, are descriptors associated with
Pseudonymous Identifiers
to denote particular groups of users that can be subsequently used to index all
Pseudonymous Identifiers
associated with that label. An analogy would be applying a “label” to messages in an email inbox - you might decide to label messages from work as “Work”, family members as “Family,” and so on. These labels then help you readily index and recall particular categories of email.
Labels processed by Quantcast are:
Labels from
Data Management Platforms and Data Providers
: these are category Labels (e.g., male, female, age 21-24) acquired from third party data partners relating to a
Pseudonymous Identifier
;
Custom-
Client Data
Labels: these are custom category labels set by Clients corresponding to a device associated with the identifier visiting their digital property (e.g., byline of the news article accessed by the user) or product name (of the product accessed by the user).
Inferred Data
Labels: these are inferred category Labels about a user using a device associated with a
Pseudonymous Identifier
, e.g., inferred age, inferred gender, inferred interest.
Example Labels are “male” and “visited XYZ website”. Labels may be inferred information (see
Inferences/Inferred Data
) or may be
Imported Data
(see
Client Data
and
Third Party Data
).
Log Data
Log Data is an industry term that is generally used to refer to data collected from interactions with computer systems, and is used differently by different companies. For purposes of describing our
Processing
, we use more precise terms, such as
Pseudonymous Identifiers
,
Event Data
,
Bid Request Data
,
Client Data
,
Third Party Data
, and/or
Inferences/Inferred Data
, which are all types of data that can be subsumed within the general industry term “Log Data”. Some elements within Log Data, when isolated from the
Pseudonymous Identifiers
, will not qualify as
Personal Information
. For example, a single time zone and publisher
URL
without an associated
Pseudonymous Identifier
would not qualify as
Personal Information
.
Online Data
Data relating to a user’s interaction with digital media including websites, apps and streaming media services.
Offline Data
Data relating to a user’s real-world purchases and/or activity.
Panel
A Panel is a set of individuals who have consented to participate in market research and share information about themselves, their preferences and interests for purposes of research and market analytics.
This information can then be used as the basis for learning or making inferences about a larger population. For example, if a number of people on a Panel share that they visit a particular news website, and of those people, most of them are male and over the age of 50, we might extrapolate from that and say that most of the audience for that website is male and over 50.
Another way to use Panel data is to compare Panel results to the estimates that we have made using our algorithms in order to score the effectiveness of our algorithms. So, if our algorithm predicted for the same news website that most of the audience is under 30, we would learn that our algorithm might be wrong.
Personal Information
Personal Information refers to information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, to you, your browser, or your device. We use the term “personal information” to refer to information that is subject to protection under data protection and privacy laws and regulatory regimes around the world. Depending on the jurisdiction, such information may be referred to as “personal data.”
The Personal Information
Processed
by Quantcast is limited to
Pseudonymised Identifiers.
Quantcast does not
Process
Personal Information
that directly identifies you as an individual, and that can be used to directly identify you without technical efforts to add additional information, which Quantcast does not have.
Pixels, Tags, and SDKs
Pixels, Tags, and SDKs are computer code embedded in a website that we use to enable the Solutions. We tend to use the terms Pixels, Tags, and SDKs interchangeably. Clients that use the Solutions can put them on their sites, in their apps, or in their ads in order to send us information that is then used in the Solutions. When a Pixel, Tag, or SDK loads and calls our servers, we receive
HTTP Header Information
, along with other information that is configured by the Client who is using the Solutions. That information includes IDs from partners, so we know which partner the data is coming from.
Pixels, Tags, and SDKs include:
Sync Pixels: These are used to exchange and match
Pseudonymous Identifiers
between companies that participate in the digital advertising market. By matching, they can synchronise these identifiers to deliver and measure ads.
Tags or Pixels in ads: When a digital ad loads on a page, it can include a Tag or Pixel that we use on behalf of Clients to gather information about where and when the ad was served. This can help to measure ad performance, to ensure ads are shown where intended, and to learn in order to improve ad effectiveness.
Tags or Pixels on publisher Clients’ web pages: For publisher Clients that use the Solutions, they can put our Tags on their sites. The information we collect then enables the Client to learn about their audience, and it enables us to build models for better targeting ads.
Tags or Pixels used by advertiser Clients: When advertiser Clients use our Tags or Pixels, they send us information so we can learn about their customers in order to help them better target their ads.
SDKs: SDKs are bits of computer code that mobile app publisher Clients incorporate into their apps, enabling them to send us information. Similar to Pixels or Tags, the information enables us to offer the Solutions as described in our Privacy Policy.
Probabilistic Identifier
A Probabilistic Identifier is a
Pseudonymous Identifier
which we create by combining
Pseudonymous Identifiers
(such as
IP Addresses
) with
Bid Request Data
and/or
Event Data
using non-deterministic, statistical methods to estimate the likelihood that a group of devices may be used by the same user or household, if applicable law or rules allow. For example, we might be able to determine that because a mobile phone and a TV are on the same network, they are likely in the same house. We can then use that information to select and measure ads. Unlike using
Cookie IDs
, this approach is not 100% accurate and could identify one or many devices.
Process
Refers to any operation or set of operations performed upon
Personal Information
or sets of
Personal Information
, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure, or destruction.
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Pseudonymous Identifiers are unique values that distinguish your browser profile(s) or device(s). Pseudonymous Identifiers cannot be linked to you as an individual without technical efforts to add additional information, which Quantcast does not have. We do not attempt to link Pseudonymous Identifiers to you as an individual, and we prohibit other parties with whom we share Pseudonymous Identifiers from doing the same.
Pseudonymous Identifiers are important in digital advertising because they help distinguish browsers or devices over time across different contexts. This is useful for example, to limit the number of times that we show the same ad to one device, to measure the performance of ads, and to target and select personalised ads.
We may incorporate any one of the following types of information in a Quantcast Pseudonymous Identifier:
Third Party Cookie ID: see
Cookie ID
.
First Party Cookie ID: see
Cookie ID
.
IP Addresses
.
Hashed email addresses, which are email addresses that have been encoded using a cryptographic hashing function to obfuscate the email.
Third party identifiers
Device ID
.
Application ID: an ID that is unique to your mobile device and a particular app on your device.
Application Session ID: like an application ID, except that it is reset periodically (e.g., many browsers reset these after 30 minutes of inactivity).
Exchange User ID: an ID that is sent to us with a
Bid Request
that identifies the device or browser where an ad is to be shown.
Probabilistic Identifier
.
Publisher User ID: digital publishers that use the Solutions can send us an ID to use in the Solutions. The digital publisher hashes or encrypts an identifier available to it. The resulting ID is pseudonymous because it does not directly identify you, but it would be consistent across different publishers, so the Publisher User ID can be used to match data.
TLS Session ID: when you visit a website
URL
that starts with “https” instead of “http”, that means you have an encrypted connection between your browser and the site. If one of our
Pixels, Tags or SDKs
loads on the site, that call to our server will also be encrypted. The Session ID identifies a particular session of communication between the browser and the server.
Pseudonymous/Pseudonymised Information
Pseudonymised Information is
Personal Information
that has been
Processed
in such a manner that the information can no longer be attributed to a specific user without the use of additional information, provided that such additional information is kept separately and is subject to technical and organisational measures to ensure that the personal information is not attributed to a specific user.
Segment Data
Segment Data is imported data that is uploaded to the Quantcast platform or provided to us via an API by
Clients
or
Third Party Data Partners
. Segment Data is
Pseudonymised Information
, which may include
Online Data
and/or
Offline Data
as well as
Attributes
,
Inferences
, or
Interests
inferred from that data. This category of information is typically called “Segment Data” because it identifies groups of users who fall into advertising segments (e.g., “auto buyers,” “shoe shoppers,” or “women 25-35”). These segments represent groups of users that share (or that are inferred to share) one or more certain characteristics in common (e.g., a client may want to advertise to a segment of “male shoppers who are interested in sports fashion”). These groupings are created by using the intersection of different segments (in the example given, an audience that is simultaneously in the “male”, “shopper”, and “sports fashion” segments). A segment may be identified with a
Label
(in which case it is referred to as “
Label Data
”).
Software Development Kit (SDK)
See
Pixels, Tags, and SDKs
.
Tag
See
Pixels, Tags, and SDKs
.
TCF
See
IAB Transparency & Consent Framework
.
TCF Purpose/TCF Special Purpose
The
TCF
has standardised certain Purposes, Special Purposes and Special Features and the descriptions of data processing activity in the digital advertising industry. Through this standardisation, the digital advertising industry can ascribe consistent meanings for the permissions that data subjects give via the
TCF
. This also ensures a consistent experience for users because they then do not have to read and understand an entirely different set of Purposes, Special Purposes and Special Features for each website they visit.
Because of the benefits of standardising the purposes across the industry, we use the
TCF
to establish the legal basis to
Process
Personal Information
and use the Purposes, Special Purposes and Special Features in our Privacy Policy to describe much of our data processing activity.
For detailed descriptions of TCF “Purpose” or TCF “Special Purpose”, see
IAB Transparency & Consent Framework
.
Third Party Cookie/Cookie ID
See
Cookie
.
Third Party Data
Third Party Data is
Imported Data
that is uploaded to the Quantcast platform or provided to us via API by third party
Data Management Platforms and Data Providers
. Third Party Data may include
Segment Data
.
Training Data
Training Data is
Pseudonymous Information
that we receive from Clients and third party data providers,  where the actual
Attributes
or
Interests
of the underlying users are known (even though their actual identities are not known to Quantcast). The Training Data is segmented across various
Interests
and
Attributes
, such as shopping interests (e.g., automotive, technology, or restaurants), business and occupation (e.g., management, IT professional or retail), media interests (e.g., cinema, video games, TV), income range, age, marital status, and other socio-economic information and used  for data modeling purposes. We use the Training Data to train statistical models to make
Inferences
. When our systems subsequently receive
Event Data
relating to a user, we can infer whether the
Event Data
displays characteristics similar to the Training Data. If the
Event Data
displays characteristics that are similar to the Training Data, we can infer from that the likely
Attributes
and
Interests
of the user to whom the
Event Data
relates. These
Inferences
are then used to deliver advertising and provide aggregated, analytical reporting to our Clients.
URL (Uniform Resource Locator)
A URL, also known as a web address, is a reference to a unique web resource that specifies its location on a computer network. Most commonly, a URL points to a web page. URLs can also point to a document, image, video, etc. URLs often use plain text, such as
www.quantcast.com
; in that case, the domain name must be processed by a Domain Name Server in order to convert the domain name into an
IP Address
.
Effective August 29th 2023
to
February 12th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Last Updated: April 21, 2023
Advertising Exchange
See
Exchange/Advertising Exchange
.
Attributes/Attribute Information
Attributes are known, observed, or inferred characteristics. Examples of attributes are “male” and “visited XYZ website”. Attributes may be derived from
Event Data
, Bid Request Data,
Client Data
,
Third Party Data
, and
Inferences/Inferred Data
. Quantcast associates attributes with
Pseudonymous Identifiers
.
Audience
An Audience is a group of devices and/or users who are known to or are estimated to have certain common characteristics. A characteristic in common may be an
Interest
, such as an interest in cooking. A characteristic in common may be an
Attribute
, such as being male, visited a particular digital property, or viewed or interacted with a particular advertisement. One type of Audience is a group who have visited a Client’s digital property. Another type of Audience is a group who have been shown, or may potentially be shown, a Client’s advertisement.
Audience Insights
Audience Insights are data collected, or data that is inferred from data collected, about an
Audience
. Audience Insights are aggregated, anonymised data and are not
Personal Information
. An example of an Audience Insight is a report that a given audience is estimated to be 70% male and 3 times as likely to be interested in cooking compared to the general population.
Quantcast provides Audience Insights based on
Event Data
,
Bid Request Data
,
Client Data
,
Third Party Data
, and
Inferred Data
to Clients. Audience Insights enable Clients to better understand the audiences who engage with their content and ads.
Bid Request/Bid Request Data
A Bid Request is a request by a digital content publisher (e.g., website owner, app developer, streaming content provider, etc.) for an offer to place an ad in the publisher’s digital content. For example, when you visit an ad-supported web page, Bid Requests are sent by, or on behalf of, the publisher of the web page to multiple parties that may want to show an ad to you. Those parties can bid for the opportunity to show an ad in an auction, and one ad is selected to show on the page. Bid Requests typically go through an
Advertising Exchange
. This all happens via digital communication between computer servers in less than a second. The contents of the Bid Request may include information about the ad unit (the container in the digital content that will display the ad), the digital content, the device it will be seen on, and your engagement with the publisher’s digital content, so that prospective buyers can choose whether to bid and how much. For most cases, the contents of the Bid Request are defined by the OpenRTB industry standard (
https://iabtechlab.com/standards/openrtb/
), though not all fields are necessarily included in every Bid Request. Bid Request Data consists of data provided in the Bid Request and will commonly consist of a
Pseudonymous Identifier
(if available), the content that the ad would serve in (such as the web page, app, video, etc.), the type of device the ad would be served on (i.e., your device type), the approximate geographic location of your device, the size of the ad, the auction ID, and consent information, such as
TCF Signals
. Bid Request Data also includes Quantcast’s response to the Bid Request, such as whether Quantcast bid on the ad opportunity.
Browsing Data
Browsing Data is information collected relating to your
Online
activity or behaviour. Browsing Data is generated when a
Pixels, Tags, or SDKs
installed by a Client on its digital property loads and sends information to us. This includes the website
URL
of the page you are visiting, often along with a
Pseudonymous Identifier
, as well as fields of information that may be automatically included from
HTTP Header Information
, such as referral
URLs
(which is the
URL
that directed your browser to the website where an advertisement was served to you).
Browsing Data is included in
Event Data
.
Client Data
Client Data is
Imported Data
that is uploaded to the Quantcast platform by a particular advertiser Client for use on its behalf. Client Data is
Pseudonymised Information,
which defines groups of users. These groups might typically be based on users’
Online Data
or
Offline Data
, or other characteristics or aspects of users’ relationship with the Client. The groups are then used by Quantcast to help deliver advertising campaigns to the right
Audiences
on behalf of the Client.
Cookie
A Cookie is a small bit of text that is sent to and saved on your computer or device when you visit a website. A Cookie is associated with a single web browser profile; each web browser and browser profile that you use on your device will have separate Cookies. Cookies allow a website to recognise a browser and are commonly used to store user preferences or identifiers, which enables us to collect and use information about browsers over time and across different internet content. Cookies enable us to understand more about users and the content they are visiting over time, which in turn can be used to improve our Clients’ advertising activities and the quality of advertising you experience. The identifiers we store in Cookies are
Pseudonymous Information
; in other words, they cannot be linked to you as an individual without technical efforts to add additional information, which Quantcast does not have. We do not attempt to link a
Pseudonymous Identifier
to you as an individual, and we prohibit other parties with whom we share
Pseudonymous Identifiers
or
Pseudonymous Information
from doing the same. Browsers have controls that enable users to clear or block Cookies. See your browser help for details.
There are two forms of cookies: First Party Cookies and Third Party Cookies.
A “First Party Cookie” is limited in scope to a particular website you visit (“
First Party Cookie
”). In some instances, Quantcast is able to store or access information in a First Party Cookie. If
www.example.com
incorporates Quantcast
Pixels, Tags or SDKs
into their website, and if you visit www.example.com, Quantcast may set a First-Party Cookie associated with www.example.com. In these instances, Quantcast can store a
Pseudonymous Identifier
in the First-Party Cookie, but because it is a First Party Cookie, Quantcast can only access that
Pseudonymous Identifier
in the context of your visits to that site.
A “Third Party Cookie” is a cookie associated with an internet domain that is different from the one you are visiting. For example, if you are visiting
www.example.com
and a Quantcast
Pixel, Tag or SDK
on that website is able to set a cookie associated with quantcast.com, that is a Third Party Cookie. That same cookie will be accessible to Quantcast on other sites that also incorporate Quantcast
Pixels, Tags or SDKs
. Quantcast uses
Pseudonymous Identifiers
stored in Third Party Cookies in order to collect information across multiple websites.
Quantcast Cookies placed on your device have a maximum expiry period of 13 months (or such shorter period as described in the Privacy Policy “Information Collection” section). Each time you visit a website and a First or Third Party Cookie is placed on your device, the placement of a Cookie begins a new expiry period of up to 13 months (or such shorter period as described in the Privacy Policy “Information Collection” section). All Quantcast Cookies automatically cease providing any data to Quantcast from your browser upon expiration.
Cookie ID/Identifier
A Cookie ID is a unique string of characters that we store in a
Cookie
that allows us to identify a single web browser instance over time and across different web sites. Our Cookie IDs are
Pseudonymous Identifiers
. A
First Party Cookie
ID is a unique
Pseudonymous Identifier
relating to the
First-Party Cookie
set by the owner of the website you are visiting. A
Third Party Cookie ID
is a unique
Pseudonymous Identifier
relating to the
Third-Party Cookie
set by Quantcast.
Cookie Syncing/Matching
In the online advertising industry, Cookie Syncing/Matching generally refers to a process through which two entities who each, and separately, identify a device using their own
Pseudonymous Identifier
can determine which of their respective
Pseudonymous Identifiers
may relate to the same device. For example, Quantcast may pseudonymously identify a device as “cookie ID 123.” Company B may pseudonymously identify the same device as “cookie ID ABC.” Cookie Syncing/Matching enables Quantcast and Company B to recognise that their respective
Pseudonymous identifiers
may relate to the device that Quantcast records as “cookie ID 123”.
Quantcast’s Cookie Syncing activities work similarly. If you visit a website that incorporates
Pixels, Tags or SDKs
from Quantcast, Company B may match its own pseudonymous identifiers to Quantcast
Pseudonymous Identifiers
(this creates a record of matching pseudonymous identifiers for Company B). Once a match is established, Company B can reference a particular device when communicating with Quantcast, using Quantcast’s
Pseudonymous Identifier
.
The Cookie Syncing/Matching process does not in itself result in Quantcast sharing
Attributes
related to Quantcast
Pseudonymous Identifiers
with Company B. The Cookie Syncing/Matching enables transactions between the parties at a later time; for example, in the case of an Advertising Exchange sending a Bid Request, the Bid Request can contain a previously synched
Pseudonymous Identifier.
Cross-Media Matching/Linking
In the online advertising industry, Cross-Media Matching generally refers to a process through which Quantcast links identifiers across a user’s consumption of various media (e.g. audio, video, websites, apps, etc) because such identifiers are known to or
Inferred
to relate to the same user. Matching/Linking may be undertaken for consumption of media on a single device and for consumption of media on more than one device. As an example, if you visit a digital property using your mobile phone and later visit that same digital property using a browser on your laptop or make visits to several different digital properties using a browser over a period of time, Quantcast may initially determine that these visits are made by different users and assign each device user their own profile.
If, however, Quantcast finds there is sufficient commonality between the
Pseudonymous Identifiers
associated with the consumption of media, Quantcast will assess that those identifiers may be joined as they are likely to emanate from the same user. This assessment is“probabilistic”– in other words, it uses statistical techniques to determine that the identifiers to be matched have a higher likelihood of relating to the same device and/or user.
Data Management Platforms and Data Providers
Data Management Platforms and Data Providers provide
Third Party Data
to Quantcast, or provide a platform through which Clients can provide
Client Data
to Quantcast. These companies either directly licence first and third party
Audience
Segment Data
from different sources (such as
Online Data
and
Offline Data
) to businesses or provide a platform through which Clients can collect, organise, and activate such data for Quantcast’s use in connection with the Solutions. We share
Pseudonymous Identifiers
with
Data Management Platforms/Data Providers
in order to sync/match identifiers to effectively integrate with their services (see
Cookie Syncing/Matching
).
Device ID/Identifier
A unique string of characters that can be used to identify a device set by the developer of the device’s operating system (e.g., a mobile phone, tablet, TV, or console). Device Identifiers (or “
Device IDs
”) serve a similar purpose as
Cookies
and can be used to provide personalised advertising. A Device ID is a
Pseudonymous Identifier
.
A Mobile Advertising ID (or “
MAID
”) is a Device ID assigned to a mobile device by the mobile device operating system. Typically, the device user can reset or turn off the ID via the device’s settings. A MAID is referred to as the IDFA (ID for Advertisers) on iOS devices and GAID (Google Ad ID) on Android mobile devices.
Device Configuration/Device Information
Information about a device or its configuration, transmitted from the device, and typically associated with a
Pseudonymous Identifier
. The information includes browser, app, or other information about the device (such as device type, screen size and resolution, date and time, and language), which also may include a
User Agent.
Some Device Information is derived from
HTTP Request Header Information
.
Event Data
Information collected relating to your
Online
activity/behaviour, which may include
Personal Information
in
Pseudonymous Identifiers
,
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
,
HTTP Request Header Information
,
Device Information
,
Browsing Data
and
TCF Signals
. Event Data is generated when a
Pixel, Tag, or SDK
installed on a Client’s digital property loads and sends information to us. Event Data can also be collected from ads, when you view or click on an ad which contains a
Tag
.
Exchange/Advertising Exchange
A marketplace platform that facilitates automated, real-time, auction-based buying and selling of ad inventory (which are spaces available on sites and apps to display ads). An Advertising Exchange receives
Bid Requests
from digital publishers and forwards them to advertisers, or to entities like Quantcast who act on behalf of advertisers. Advertisers, or their agents, respond to
Bid Requests
with a bid amount and an advertisement to provide to a user if they win the auction.
First Party Cookie
See
Cookie
.
HTTP Request Header Information
HTTP headers are defined by internet standards and contain a number of data fields designed to facilitate communication and interoperability on the internet. On the web, your web browser controls which headers are sent and what the contents are. We receive the headers when a request is sent over the internet to our system, such as when a
Pixel
loads in your web browser. We also might receive information that has been derived from the HTTP headers from another party, such as in a
Bid Request
. We use a subset of the header fields for purposes described in the Privacy Policy, which includes:
IP Address
Cookie
(if available)
User Agent, which is a string (a line of text) identifying the device type, browser type, and version that the user is using to access the web server (“User Agent”)
Date, which includes the precise time of access
Referral
URL
, which is the web page you were on when the request was sent
TLS Session ID, which identifies a particular session of communication between the browser and the server
Content-Language, which is the languages of the intended audience for the enclosed content
Detailed documentation related to HTTP header information can be found online in a general search for “HTTP header information fields”.
IAB Transparency & Consent Framework (“TCF”)
The IAB Transparency & Consent Framework, or “TCF,” is a standardised industry program active in countries governed by the GDPR, and designed for notifying users about data
Processing
by companies involved in digital advertising on sites and apps that users visit, and for establishing a legal basis for that
Processing
.
The TCF is designed to be used on digital properties, such as websites and apps. The TCF incorporates a consent dialog that displays when users visit a website or app, giving them information about vendors, the data they collect, and the purposes for which they collect it. It also offers an opportunity for users to give or change their permissions for such data collection and use.
The TCF allows Quantcast to work with publishers of websites and other digital properties in a consistent manner using standardised technical specifications to:
(a) provide a link to Quantcast's Privacy Policy, as well as transparency about Quantcast's
Processing
of
Personal Information
, the specific purposes for which Quantcast
Processes
Personal Information
, and Quantcast's legal basis for such
Processing
, directly on the website or other digital property accessed by the user;
(b) allow the user, in a granular manner, to express their consent or refusal to consent, to Quantcast's (i) use of
Cookies
, and (ii) the purposes of Quantcast's
Processing
, which are the reasons why Quantcast
Processes
the personal data of users (“
TCF Purposes”
), including where Quantcast relies on the user’s consent for such
Processing
directly on the website or other digital property that the user is accessing;
(c) allow the user to object to Quantcast's
Processing
of
Personal Information
(for purposes where Quantcast relies on legitimate interests) directly on the website or other digital property accessed by the user.
Using the
TCF
allows publishers of websites or other digital properties to provide information about Quantcast’s
Processing
to users in a consistent manner. The user-facing disclosures presented by these digital properties are sourced from information that Quantcast has registered with the
TCF's
“
Global Vendor List
”, a publicly accessible, machine-readable repository of information about TCF-compliant vendors, like Quantcast. This information includes Quantcast’s Privacy Policy
URL
, the purposes for which it
Processes
Personal Information
, and its legal basis for each of these purposes. As the description of these purposes and minimum standards for disclosures are standardised across all TCF participants, Quantcast knows how operators of websites or other digital properties using the TCF are making disclosures about Quantcast and can have confidence in such disclosures.
In addition, the TCF enables publishers of websites or other digital properties to create and send to Quantcast a standardised technical signal that indicates (A) whether Quantcast’s transparency disclosures were provided to a user; (B) whether or not the user has consented to Quantcast’s
Processing
and/or each purpose for which Quantcast sought the user's consent; and (c) whether the user objected to Quantcast’s
Processing
and/or any purposes for which Quantcast
Processes
Personal Information
on the basis of its legitimate interests (the “
TCF Signal
”).
TCF Signal is collected via Quantcast
Tags
if the digital property on which the
Tag
is implemented has also implemented a TCF-compatible Consent Management Platform, which is a company or organisation that centralises and manages transparency for, and consent and objections of, the user (“
CMP
”) . In addition, TCF Signal is received by Quantcast as part of the
Bid Requests
it receives from
Advertising Exchanges
. Quantcast is able to read the standardised TCF Signal and will only
Process
Personal Information
for purposes to which the user has consented (where consent is the legal basis) or not objected (where legitimate interests is the legal basis) in order to provide the Solutions.
Read more about the TCF here
https://iabeurope.eu/transparency-consent-framework/
Imported Data
Imported Data is uploaded to the Quantcast platform or provided to us via an Application Programming Interface (“
API
”). Imported Data is
Pseudonymised Information
, which may include information relating to your
Online data
or
Offline data
or other information that Clients or partners have about you. For examples of Imported Data provided to Quantcast, see
Client Data
or
Third Party Data
.
Imported Data (Client)
See
Client Data
.
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment)
See
Third Party Data
.
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
Typically, in digital advertising we distinguish between precise and imprecise geolocation information.
Precise geolocation usually comes from GPS coordinates from mobile devices, and can have precision up to about one metre. Quantcast does not use precise geolocation data and we request that Clients, partners, and third parties refrain from sending precise geolocation to us. If a party inadvertently sends it, we do not use it in the Solutions and it is removed from our systems within 30 days.
Imprecise geolocation is lower precision, and refers to a general geographic area, for example a country, region, city or division of a metropolitan area, and/or some combination of these, and is often derived from GPS coordinates or from
IP Addresses
.
Inferences/Inferred Data
Inferences, or Inferred Data, is information that is inferred from data that we have collected about a device, such as
Event Data
,
Bid Request Data
,
Client Data
, or
Third Party Data
. Our inferences are made using algorithms that estimate the likelihood that the user of a device has particular interests or characteristics. The Inferences are then associated with a
Pseudonymous Identifier
as part of a set of device
Attributes
.
For example, if a device frequently visits sports websites, it might be inferred that there is some probability the user of that device likes sports. Similarly, if a device frequently visits an airline provider’s website, it might be inferred that there is some probability a user of that device likes to travel. Other Inferences include things such as
Interests
, income range, gender, age, marital status, and other socio-economic information.
Inferences associated with any individual device have a high degree of uncertainty. Inferences become more accurate when used to estimate the characteristics of a large group of devices, like an
Audience
.
Interests
Interests are known, observed, or inferred non-demographic characteristics. Interests are associated with
Pseudonymous Identifiers
to characterise particular interests of users. Examples of Interests include “cooking” and “outdoor activities”. Interests may be derived from
Event Data
,
Bid Request Data
,
Client Data
,
Third Party Data
, and
Inferences/Inferred Data
.
IP Address
An IP (“
Internet Protocol
”) Address is a unique numerical label corresponding to a computer or device. Computers use IP Addresses to identify each other and know where to send information over the Internet. For example, when you open a web page in your browser a request is made to a server for the web page content. The server knows where to send the content based on the IP Address contained in the request. Computers or other devices are assigned an IP Address from the network the device is on. A device’s IP Address may change over time or as a device changes locations. Also, an IP Address can refer to multiple devices, for example if the devices are behind an internet router.
An IP Address that has been hashed, or encoded using a cryptographic hashing function to obfuscate the email, is treated as a
Pseudonymous Identifier
.
Labels/Label Data
Labels, or Label Data, are descriptors associated with
Pseudonymous Identifiers
to denote particular groups of users that can be subsequently used to index all
Pseudonymous Identifiers
associated with that label. An analogy would be applying a “label” to messages in an email inbox - you might decide to label messages from work as “Work”, family members as “Family,” and so on. These labels then help you readily index and recall particular categories of email.
Labels processed by Quantcast are:
Labels from
Data Management Platforms and Data Providers
: these are category Labels (e.g., male, female, age 21-24) acquired from third party data partners relating to a
Pseudonymous Identifier
;
Custom-
Client Data
Labels: these are custom category labels set by Clients corresponding to a device associated with the identifier visiting their digital property (e.g., byline of the news article accessed by the user) or product name (of the product accessed by the user).
Inferred Data
Labels: these are inferred category Labels about a user using a device associated with a
Pseudonymous Identifier
, e.g., inferred age, inferred gender, inferred interest.
Example Labels are “male” and “visited XYZ website”. Labels may be inferred information (see
Inferences/Inferred Data
) or may be
Imported Data
(see
Client Data
and
Third Party Data
).
Log Data
Log Data is an industry term that is generally used to refer to data collected from interactions with computer systems, and is used differently by different companies. For purposes of describing our
Processing
, we use more precise terms, such as
Pseudonymous Identifiers
,
Event Data
,
Bid Request Data
,
Client Data
,
Third Party Data
, and/or
Inferences/Inferred Data
, which are all types of data that can be subsumed within the general industry term “Log Data”. Some elements within Log Data, when isolated from the
Pseudonymous Identifiers
, will not qualify as
Personal Information
. For example, a single time zone and publisher
URL
without an associated
Pseudonymous Identifier
would not qualify as
Personal Information
.
Online Data
Data relating to a user’s interaction with digital media including websites, apps and streaming media services.
Offline Data
Data relating to a user’s real-world purchases and/or activity.
Panel
A Panel is a set of individuals who have consented to participate in market research and share information about themselves, their preferences and interests for purposes of research and market analytics.
This information can then be used as the basis for learning or making inferences about a larger population. For example, if a number of people on a Panel share that they visit a particular news website, and of those people, most of them are male and over the age of 50, we might extrapolate from that and say that most of the audience for that website is male and over 50.
Another way to use Panel data is to compare Panel results to the estimates that we have made using our algorithms in order to score the effectiveness of our algorithms. So, if our algorithm predicted for the same news website that most of the audience is under 30, we would learn that our algorithm might be wrong.
Personal Information
Personal Information refers to information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, to you, your browser, or your device. We use the term “personal information” to refer to information that is subject to protection under data protection and privacy laws and regulatory regimes around the world. Depending on the jurisdiction, such information may be referred to as “personal data.”
The Personal Information
Processed
by Quantcast is limited to
Pseudonymised Identifiers.
Quantcast does not
Process
Personal Information
that directly identifies you as an individual, and that can be used to directly identify you without technical efforts to add additional information, which Quantcast does not have.
Pixels, Tags, and SDKs
Pixels, Tags, and SDKs are computer code embedded in a website that we use to enable the Solutions. We tend to use the terms Pixels, Tags, and SDKs interchangeably. Clients that use the Solutions can put them on their sites, in their apps, or in their ads in order to send us information that is then used in the Solutions. When a Pixel, Tag, or SDK loads and calls our servers, we receive
HTTP Header Information
, along with other information that is configured by the Client who is using the Solutions. That information includes IDs from partners, so we know which partner the data is coming from.
Pixels, Tags, and SDKs include:
Sync Pixels: These are used to exchange and match
Pseudonymous Identifiers
between companies that participate in the digital advertising market. By matching, they can synchronise these identifiers to deliver and measure ads.
Tags or Pixels in ads: When a digital ad loads on a page, it can include a Tag or Pixel that we use on behalf of Clients to gather information about where and when the ad was served. This can help to measure ad performance, to ensure ads are shown where intended, and to learn in order to improve ad effectiveness.
Tags or Pixels on publisher Clients’ web pages: For publisher Clients that use the Solutions, they can put our Tags on their sites. The information we collect then enables the Client to learn about their audience, and it enables us to build models for better targeting ads.
Tags or Pixels used by advertiser Clients: When advertiser Clients use our Tags or Pixels, they send us information so we can learn about their customers in order to help them better target their ads.
SDKs: SDKs are bits of computer code that mobile app publisher Clients incorporate into their apps, enabling them to send us information. Similar to Pixels or Tags, the information enables us to offer the Solutions as described in our Privacy Policy.
Probabilistic Identifier
A Probabilistic Identifier is a
Pseudonymous Identifier
which we create by combining
Pseudonymous Identifiers
(such as
IP Addresses
) with
Bid Request Data
and/or
Event Data
using non-deterministic, statistical methods to estimate the likelihood that a group of devices may be used by the same user or household, if applicable law or rules allow. For example, we might be able to determine that because a mobile phone and a TV are on the same network, they are likely in the same house. We can then use that information to select and measure ads. Unlike using
Cookie IDs
, this approach is not 100% accurate and could identify one or many devices.
Process
Refers to any operation or set of operations performed upon
Personal Information
or sets of
Personal Information
, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure, or destruction.
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Pseudonymous Identifiers are unique values that distinguish your browser profile(s) or device(s). Pseudonymous Identifiers cannot be linked to you as an individual without technical efforts to add additional information, which Quantcast does not have. We do not attempt to link Pseudonymous Identifiers to you as an individual, and we prohibit other parties with whom we share Pseudonymous Identifiers from doing the same.
Pseudonymous Identifiers are important in digital advertising because they help distinguish browsers or devices over time across different contexts. This is useful for example, to limit the number of times that we show the same ad to one device, to measure the performance of ads, and to target and select personalised ads.
We may incorporate any one of the following types of information in a Quantcast Pseudonymous Identifier:
Third Party Cookie ID: see
Cookie ID
.
First Party Cookie ID: see
Cookie ID
.
IP Addresses
.
Hashed email addresses, which are email addresses that have been encoded using a cryptographic hashing function to obfuscate the email.
Device ID
.
Application ID: an ID that is unique to your mobile device and a particular app on your device.
Application Session ID: like an application ID, except that it is reset periodically (e.g., many browsers reset these after 30 minutes of inactivity).
Exchange User ID: an ID that is sent to us with a
Bid Request
that identifies the device or browser where an ad is to be shown.
Probabilistic Identifier
.
Publisher User ID: digital publishers that use the Solutions can send us an ID to use in the Solutions. The digital publisher hashes or encrypts an identifier available to it. The resulting ID is pseudonymous because it does not directly identify you, but it would be consistent across different publishers, so the Publisher User ID can be used to match data.
TLS Session ID: when you visit a website
URL
that starts with “https” instead of “http”, that means you have an encrypted connection between your browser and the site. If one of our
Pixels, Tags or SDKs
loads on the site, that call to our server will also be encrypted. The Session ID identifies a particular session of communication between the browser and the server.
Pseudonymous/Pseudonymised Information
Pseudonymised Information is
Personal Information
that has been
Processed
in such a manner that the information can no longer be attributed to a specific user without the use of additional information, provided that such additional information is kept separately and is subject to technical and organisational measures to ensure that the personal information is not attributed to a specific user.
Segment Data
Segment Data is imported data that is uploaded to the Quantcast platform or provided to us via an API by
Clients
or
Third Party Data Partners
. Segment Data is
Pseudonymised Information
, which may include
Online Data
and/or
Offline Data
as well as
Attributes
,
Inferences
, or
Interests
inferred from that data. This category of information is typically called “Segment Data” because it identifies groups of users who fall into advertising segments (e.g., “auto buyers,” “shoe shoppers,” or “women 25-35”). These segments represent groups of users that share (or that are inferred to share) one or more certain characteristics in common (e.g., a client may want to advertise to a segment of “male shoppers who are interested in sports fashion”). These groupings are created by using the intersection of different segments (in the example given, an audience that is simultaneously in the “male”, “shopper”, and “sports fashion” segments). A segment may be identified with a
Label
(in which case it is referred to as “
Label Data
”).
Software Development Kit (SDK)
See
Pixels, Tags, and SDKs
.
Tag
See
Pixels, Tags, and SDKs
.
TCF
See
IAB Transparency & Consent Framework
.
TCF Purpose/TCF Special Purpose
The
TCF
has standardised certain Purposes, Special Purposes and Special Features and the descriptions of data processing activity in the digital advertising industry. Through this standardisation, the digital advertising industry can ascribe consistent meanings for the permissions that data subjects give via the
TCF
. This also ensures a consistent experience for users because they then do not have to read and understand an entirely different set of Purposes, Special Purposes and Special Features for each website they visit.
Because of the benefits of standardising the purposes across the industry, we use the
TCF
to establish the legal basis to
Process
Personal Information
and use the Purposes, Special Purposes and Special Features in our Privacy Policy to describe much of our data processing activity.
For detailed descriptions of TCF “Purpose” or TCF “Special Purpose”, see
IAB Transparency & Consent Framework
.
Third Party Cookie/Cookie ID
See
Cookie
.
Third Party Data
Third Party Data is
Imported Data
that is uploaded to the Quantcast platform or provided to us via API by third party
Data Management Platforms and Data Providers
. Third Party Data may include
Segment Data
.
Training Data
Training Data is
Pseudonymous Information
that we receive from Clients and third party data providers, where the actual
Attributes
or
Interests
of the underlying users are known (even though their actual identities are not known to Quantcast). The Training Data is segmented across various
Interests
and
Attributes
, such as shopping interests (e.g., automotive, technology, or restaurants), business and occupation (e.g., management, IT professional or retail), media interests (e.g., cinema, video games, TV), income range, age, marital status, and other socio-economic information and used for data modeling purposes. We use the Training Data to train statistical models to make
Inferences
. When our systems subsequently receive
Event Data
relating to a user, we can infer whether the
Event Data
displays characteristics similar to the Training Data. If the
Event Data
displays characteristics that are similar to the Training Data, we can infer from that the likely
Attributes
and
Interests
of the user to whom the
Event Data
relates. These
Inferences
are then used to deliver advertising and provide aggregated, analytical reporting to our Clients.
URL (Uniform Resource Locator)
A URL, also known as a web address, is a reference to a unique web resource that specifies its location on a computer network. Most commonly, a URL points to a web page. URLs can also point to a document, image, video, etc. URLs often use plain text, such as
www.quantcast.com
; in that case, the domain name must be processed by a Domain Name Server in order to convert the domain name into an
IP Address
.
Effective August 29th 2023
Download
Table of Contents
Last Update: May 16, 2023
This Privacy Implementation for Quantcast Publisher Partners is for Quantcast publisher partners and clients (“publishers”) who include Quantcast code, such as pixels or tags, on their websites for Quantcast Measure or the Quantcast QID Module in Prebid. It documents certain privacy-related responsibilities for publishers, which are in addition to the
US Data Privacy Addendum
(the “DPA”). If there is any conflict between this document and the DPA, the DPA is the controlling document.
Privacy regulation around the world is dynamic. Quantcast may update this document from time to time at its own discretion in order to keep pace with changes in privacy rules and risks, and industry best practices, as well as to ensure users’ rights are honored appropriately.
Quantcast may take reasonable measures to ensure that data processed in its services is collected and processed in accordance with privacy rules and industry best practices. We may review locations where data is collected and may refuse to accept data that is not collected in a manner consistent with the approaches described in this document.
This document does not contain legal advice, and adherence to this document does not ensure legal compliance. Publishers must ensure for themselves that they operate in a legal manner, based on their particular circumstances. In the event of any conflict between this document and applicable laws or regulations, the laws or regulations should prevail.
Terminology
This document uses “user” or “users” as interchangeable with “data subject” or “consumer” or other equivalent terms from various rules.
When we say rules, we mean laws, regulations, and industry self-regulatory codes that are applicable to the processing of personal data in relation to Quantcast’s services. Quantcast has a global footprint, including operations in the EU, the UK, and the US (including California), so those jurisdictions’ rules are applicable to Quantcast for data about users who reside in those jurisdictions.
We also will use “personal data” as interchangeable with terms such as, “personal information.” Personal data processed by Quantcast’s service is pseudonymous, including but not limited to IP address, cookie or device IDs, and other identifiers used for advertising-related purposes. In the case where a publisher has express permission from Quantcast to use email address, phone number, or other directly identifying information, such information will be pseudonymized (usually hashed or encrypted,) according to Quantcast specifications, before transmitting to Quantcast.
Industry standards and self-regulatory programs
Quantcast supports and participates in industry self-regulatory programs, and generally implements industry standards and best practices when it comes to handling personal data. Publishers are responsible for ensuring their own implementation of self-regulatory rules and industry best practices, in particular related to providing transparency and choice to users in places where data is collected or used by Quantcast’s services.
Controller, processor, service provider, vendor, etc.
Unfortunately, terms used across jurisdictions that describe the relationships between parties sharing data are not interchangeable. Quantcast determines its role based on applicable law and the facts of its processing of personal data.
Where the EU GDPR or the UK GDPR applies, Quantcast is a “controller” of personal data collected using Quantcast tags and pixels dropped on your sites. This document, together with the Quantcast agreement under which you access our services, addresses our respective GDPR compliance responsibilities. Where US state privacy law applies, Quantcast acts as a “third party” unless agreed otherwise.
Notice/Transparency and Choice
Laws, self-regulatory rules, and industry best practice require users be notified about processing of personal data, and be offered a choice – either opt in or opt out — with respect to that processing.
When deploying Quantcast tags or pixels, including Quantcast Measure tags and the QID prebid module, publishers are responsible to make sure that users are given notice and choice that is required for Quantcast to be able to collect and process the data. And, of course, publishers have to make sure of notice and choice for their own collection and processing of personal data.
At minimum, and further subject to any other applicable laws or rules, notice must include the fact that third parties are collecting and processing users’ data, along with information about the data collected, the means of collection, the purposes for processing (including interest-based advertising and advertising measurement), and how users can exercise their choices. Laws or rules in some jurisdictions, including the EU and the UK, would require that Quantcast be specifically identified in the notice, and a link to Quantcast’s
privacy policy
be included.
Quantcast’s methods of collection include, depending on particular circumstances, cookies, pixels, JavaScript tags, probabilistic device matching, and cross-device matching (using passively collected data). The data Quantcast collects includes information about users’ visits to sites, such as IP address, device information, timestamp, referrer URL, etc.
Quantcast implements choice using industry standard methods, and will be responsible for honoring that choice with respect to personal data within Quantcast’s services.
For their part, publishers need to provide access to the choice using industry standard and legally compliant methods, depending on the applicable laws and rules. Publishers should, at minimum, and subject to any additional legal requirements provide a link to the geographically relevant industry opt-out page, including but not limited to
YourAdChoices
and the
NAI
in the US,
Your Online Choices
in Europe, and
Your Ad Choices
in Canada.
In all cases, publishers should have user-facing privacy policies that are prominently linked from their homepages and from content (sites, apps, etc.) where personal data are collected or used.
Privacy policies will adhere to applicable laws, as well as industry self-regulatory requirements and industry best practices. At minimum, policies should disclose the fact that third parties are collecting personal data for advertising-related purposes, and should describe the methods of collection, as described above. Particular circumstances and applicable rules may create additional requirements.
Where consent (opt-in) is required prior to setting cookies or collecting data, such as in Europe under ePrivacy, the GDPR, and the UK GDPR, publishers are responsible to make sure that tags or pixels don’t fire until that consent is obtained. Publishers must not send to Quantcast, or enable Quantcast to collect, personal data without having established required permissions, and certainly not if the user has explicitly opted out.
EU and the UK
: The industry standard means for ensuring notice and choice for vendors like Quantcast in the EU and the UK is the IAB Transparency and Consent Framework. Quantcast is vendor ID 11. Quantcast’s required purposes and associated legal bases are viewable in the Global Vendor List. Because Quantcast is subject to European law, the TCF should be used for all users in the EU or the UK, even if the publisher has no operations in Europe. Alternatively, such publishers may elect not to introduce data about EU or UK users into Quantcast’s services. Quantcast Choice is a leading, and TCF compliant, Consent Management Platform. Proper use of Quantcast Choice will meet these TCF requirements.
Publishers not using the TCF for EU or UK users may, only with Quantcast’s express written permission, use a legally compliant alternative means to ensure Quantcast’s legal basis for using cookies, where applicable, and for processing the data. This includes that Quantcast must be identified as a controller of the user’s personal data, and a link to Quantcast’s privacy policy must be provided. Quantcast may in the future require TCF. In any case, publishers should not allow data to be collected by, or transmitted to, Quantcast on their sites without user consent, and must be able to provide proof of consent to Quantcast, upon request.
Privacy policies in the EU and the UK need to include a link to the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) opt-out page, located at youronlinechoices.com.
US
: In the US, along with other requirements laid out here, privacy policies need to include links to an industry standard opt out page, like those offered by the NAI or DAA.
California
: The CCPA applies for users in California. Publishers need to provide users with notice of their “sale” and “share” opt-out rights and the ability to exercise such rights, as applicable. Unless agreed otherwise with Quantcast, Quantcast acts as a “third-party,” as defined under the CCPA, with respect to personal data it collects or receives from publishers’ sites. Quantcast will check the US Privacy String,
as specified by the IAB
.
Other US states:
Applicable state privacy law applies for users in Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, Virginia and elsewhere. Publishers need to provide users with notice of their “sale” and “targeted advertising” opt-out rights and the ability to exercise such rights, as applicable.
US State Privacy Addendum
: The processing of US users’ personal data in connection with Quantcast’s services shall be governed by the US Data Privacy Addendum,
which is available here
.
Access and Deletion
Under applicable law, including the EU GDPR, the UK GDPR, and the US state privacy laws, when acting as a controller or third party, Quantcast will be responsible for honoring users’ access and deletion requests with respect to their personal data that is within Quantcast’s services.
Other Matters
Sensitive data
. Because Quantcast’s services are not intended for processing data regarded as “sensitive” or “special category data” under applicable law or data about children under the age of 16, publishers must not transmit to Quantcast or cause Quantcast to collect any such data. Quantcast tags and pixels may not be deployed on content that is directed at children under the age of 16. Sensitive or special category data includes the types of data listed in Article 9 of the EU GDPR, Section 1798.140 of the CCPA (as amended by the CPRA), or any equivalent term under applicable law.
Directly identifying personal data
. Quantcast’s services are not designed to process directly identifying personal data, such as names or email addresses, and publishers may not send such information to Quantcast or cause Quantcast to collect it. If a publisher has express permission from Quantcast to use email address, phone number, or other directly identifying information, such information will be pseudonymized (usually hashed or encrypted,) according to Quantcast specifications, before transmitting to Quantcast.
Reidentification
. Under no circumstances will publishers use any information collected or generated by Quantcast’s services to identify an individual user.
Effective August 26th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
This Privacy Implementation for Quantcast Advertiser Partners documents certain privacy-related responsibilities for advertisers and agencies, which are in addition to the
US State Data Privacy Addendum
and the
International Data Privacy Addendum
(collectively, the “DPAs”). If there is any conflict between this document and the DPAs, the DPAs are the controlling documents.
Privacy regulation around the world is dynamic. Quantcast may update this document from time to time at its own discretion in order to keep pace with changes in privacy rules and risks, and industry best practices, as well as to ensure users’ rights are honored appropriately.
Quantcast may take reasonable measures to ensure that data processed in its services is collected and processed in accordance with privacy rules and industry best practices. We may review locations where data is collected and may refuse to accept data that is not collected in a manner consistent with the approaches described in this document.
Terminology
This document uses “user” or “users” as interchangeable with “data subject” or “consumer” or other equivalent terms from various rules.
When we say rules, we mean laws, regulations, and industry self-regulatory codes that are applicable to the processing of personal data in relation to Quantcast’s services. Quantcast has a global footprint, including operations in the EU, the UK, and the US (including California), so those jurisdictions’ rules are applicable to Quantcast for data about users who reside in those jurisdictions.
We also will use “personal data” as interchangeable with terms such as, “personal information.” Personal data processed by Quantcast’s service is pseudonymous, including but not limited to IP address, cookie or device IDs, and other identifiers used for advertising-related purposes. In the case where a partner has express permission from Quantcast to use email address, phone number, or other directly identifying information, such information will be pseudonymized (usually hashed or encrypted,) according to Quantcast specifications, before transmitting to Quantcast.
Industry standards and self-regulatory programs
Quantcast supports and participates in industry self-regulatory programs, and generally implements industry standards and best practices when it comes to handling personal data. Partners and clients are responsible for ensuring their own implementation of self- regulatory rules and industry best practices, in particular related to providing transparency and choice to users in places where data is collected or used by Quantcast’s services.
Controller, processor, service provider, vendor, etc
.
Unfortunately, terms describing the relationships between parties sharing data are not interchangeable. Quantcast determines its role based on applicable law and the facts of its processing of personal data. In many relationships with advertiser partners or clients, Quantcast is a controller or joint controller, because of the role that Quantcast plays in defining exactly how data is used. This does not mean Quantcast has unfettered rights to use this data; rather, Quantcast’s use of the data is usually restricted by contractual limitations. If you have questions about this, please consult your agreement or ask your account representative.
Advertisers: Where the EU GDPR or the UK GDPR applies, Quantcast is a joint controller of personal data collected using Quantcast tags and pixels and of other personal data introduced into Quantcast’s services by the advertiser. Where US state privacy law applies, Quantcast acts as a “third party.”
Notice/Transparency and Choice
Laws, self-regulatory rules, and industry best practice require users be notified about processing of personal data, and be offered a choice – either opt in or opt out — with respect to that processing.
When deploying Quantcast tags or pixels, or otherwise introducing data into Quantcast’s services, partners and clients are responsible to make sure that users are given notice and choice that is required for Quantcast to be able to collect and process the data. And, of course, partners and clients have to make sure of notice and choice for their own personal data collection and processing.
Generally, notice must include the fact that third parties are collecting and processing users’ data, along with information about the data collected, the means of collection, the purposes for processing (including interest-based advertising), and how users can exercise their choices. Laws or rules in some jurisdictions would require that Quantcast be specifically identified in the notice and a link to Quantcast’s
privacy policy
be included.
Quantcast’s methods of collection include, depending on particular circumstances, cookies, pixels, JavaScript tags, probabilistic device matching and cross-device matching (using passively collected data).
Quantcast implements choice using industry standard methods and will be responsible for honoring that choice with respect to personal data within Quantcast’s services.
For their part, partners and clients need to provide access to the choice using industry standard and legally compliant methods, depending on the applicable laws and rules. Usually this means providing access to choose within other privacy disclosures, including in a privacy policy.
In all cases, partners and clients should have user-facing privacy policies that are prominently linked from their homepages and from content (sites, apps, etc.) where personal data are collected or used.
Privacy policies will adhere to applicable laws, as well as industry self-regulatory requirements and industry best practices. At minimum, policies should disclose the fact that third parties are collecting personal data for advertising-related purposes, and should describe the methods of collection, as described above. Particular circumstances and applicable rules may create additional requirements.
Where consent (opt-in) is required prior to setting cookies or collecting data, such as in Europe under ePrivacy, the GDPR, and the UK GDPR, partners and clients are responsible to make sure that tags or pixels don’t fire until that consent is obtained.
EU and the UK: The industry standard means for ensuring notice and choice for vendors like Quantcast in the EU and the UK is the IAB Europe Transparency and Consent Framework. Quantcast is vendor ID 11. Quantcast’s required purposes and associated legal bases are viewable in the Global Vendor List. Because Quantcast is subject to European law, the TCF should be used for all users in the EU or the UK, even if the client or partner has no operations in Europe. Alternatively, such partners and clients may elect not to introduce data about EU or UK users into Quantcast’s services.
Partners and clients not using the TCF for EU or UK users need to use a legally compliant alternative means to ensure Quantcast’s legal basis for using cookies, where applicable, and for processing the data. This includes that Quantcast must be identified as a controller of the user’s personal data, and a link to Quantcast’s privacy policy must be provided. Quantcast may in the future require TCF.
Privacy policies in the EU and the UK need to include a link to the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) opt out page, located at youronlinechoices.com.
US: In the US, along with other requirements laid out here, privacy policies need to include links to an industry standard opt out page, like those offered by the NAI or DAA.
California: The CCPA applies for users in California. Partners and clients need to provide users with notice of their “sale” and “share” opt-out rights and the ability to exercise such rights, as applicable.
Other US states: Applicable state privacy law applies for users in Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia. Partners and clients need to provide users with notice of their “sale” and “targeted advertising” opt-out rights and the ability to exercise such rights, as applicable.
US State Privacy Addendum: The processing of US users’ personal data in connection with Quantcast’s services shall be governed by the US State Privacy Addendum,
which is available here
.
Access and Deletion
Under applicable law, including the EU GDPR, the UK GDPR, and the US state privacy laws, as a joint controller or third party, Quantcast will be responsible for providing users access to their personal data that is within Quantcast’s services, and for deleting personal data
after it receives (or is notified of) a user’s request.
Other Matters
Sensitive data. Because Quantcast’s services are not intended for processing data regarded as “sensitive” or “special category” under applicable law (including data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, or parties, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership or related to health status or treatment) or data about children under the age of 16, partners and clients must not transmit to Quantcast or cause Quantcast to collect any such data. Quantcast tags and pixels may not be deployed on content that is directed at children under the age of 16. Sensitive or special category data includes the types of data listed in Article 9 of the EU GDPR, Section 1798.140 of the CCPA (as amended by the CPRA), or any equivalent term under applicable law. Sensitive data also includes any data that qualifies as “consumer health data” under the Washington My Health My Data Act, 2023 Wash. Laws 191 or any other equivalent laws.
Directly identifying personal data. Quantcast’s services are not designed to process directly identifying personal data, such as names or email addresses, and partners and clients may not send such information to Quantcast or cause Quantcast to collect it. If a partner has express permission from Quantcast to use email address, phone number, or other directly identifying information, such information will be pseudonymized (usually hashed or encrypted,) according to Quantcast specifications, before transmitting to Quantcast.
Reidentification. Under no circumstances will clients and other partners use any information collected or generated by Quantcast’s services to identify an individual user.
Effective July 29th 2024
to
August 26th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
This Privacy Implementation for Quantcast Advertiser Partners documents certain privacy-related responsibilities for advertisers and agencies, which are in addition to the
US State Data Privacy Addendum
and the
International Data Privacy Addendum
(collectively, the “DPAs”). If there is any conflict between this document and the DPAs, the DPAs are the controlling documents.
Privacy regulation around the world is dynamic. Quantcast may update this document from time to time at its own discretion in order to keep pace with changes in privacy rules and risks, and industry best practices, as well as to ensure users’ rights are honored appropriately.
Quantcast may take reasonable measures to ensure that data processed in its services is collected and processed in accordance with privacy rules and industry best practices. We may review locations where data is collected and may refuse to accept data that is not collected in a manner consistent with the approaches described in this document.
Terminology
This document uses “user” or “users” as interchangeable with “data subject” or “consumer” or other equivalent terms from various rules.
When we say rules, we mean laws, regulations, and industry self-regulatory codes that are applicable to the processing of personal data in relation to Quantcast’s services. Quantcast has a global footprint, including operations in the EU, the UK, and the US (including California), so those jurisdictions’ rules are applicable to Quantcast for data about users who reside in those jurisdictions.
We also will use “personal data” as interchangeable with terms such as, “personal information.” Personal data processed by Quantcast’s service is pseudonymous, including but not limited to IP address, cookie or device IDs, and other identifiers used for advertising-related purposes. In the case where a partner has express permission from Quantcast to use email address, phone number, or other directly identifying information, such information will be pseudonymized (usually hashed or encrypted,) according to Quantcast specifications, before transmitting to Quantcast.
Industry standards and self-regulatory programs
Quantcast supports and participates in industry self-regulatory programs, and generally implements industry standards and best practices when it comes to handling personal data. Partners and clients are responsible for ensuring their own implementation of self- regulatory rules and industry best practices, in particular related to providing transparency and choice to users in places where data is collected or used by Quantcast’s services.
Controller, processor, service provider, vendor, etc
.
Unfortunately, terms describing the relationships between parties sharing data are not interchangeable. Quantcast determines its role based on applicable law and the facts of its processing of personal data. In many relationships with advertiser partners or clients, Quantcast is a controller or joint controller, because of the role that Quantcast plays in defining exactly how data is used. This does not mean Quantcast has unfettered rights to use this data; rather, Quantcast’s use of the data is usually restricted by contractual limitations. If you have questions about this, please consult your agreement or ask your account representative.
Advertisers: Where the EU GDPR or the UK GDPR applies, Quantcast is a joint controller of personal data collected using Quantcast tags and pixels and of other personal data introduced into Quantcast’s services by the advertiser. Where US state privacy law applies, Quantcast acts as a “third party.”
Notice/Transparency and Choice
Laws, self-regulatory rules, and industry best practice require users be notified about processing of personal data, and be offered a choice – either opt in or opt out — with respect to that processing.
When deploying Quantcast tags or pixels, or otherwise introducing data into Quantcast’s services, partners and clients are responsible to make sure that users are given notice and choice that is required for Quantcast to be able to collect and process the data. And, of course, partners and clients have to make sure of notice and choice for their own personal data collection and processing.
Generally, notice must include the fact that third parties are collecting and processing users’ data, along with information about the data collected, the means of collection, the purposes for processing (including interest-based advertising), and how users can exercise their choices. Laws or rules in some jurisdictions would require that Quantcast be specifically identified in the notice and a link to Quantcast’s
privacy policy
be included.
Quantcast’s methods of collection include, depending on particular circumstances, cookies, pixels, JavaScript tags, probabilistic device matching and cross-device matching (using passively collected data).
Quantcast implements choice using industry standard methods and will be responsible for honoring that choice with respect to personal data within Quantcast’s services.
For their part, partners and clients need to provide access to the choice using industry standard and legally compliant methods, depending on the applicable laws and rules. Usually this means providing access to choose within other privacy disclosures, including in a privacy policy.
In all cases, partners and clients should have user-facing privacy policies that are prominently linked from their homepages and from content (sites, apps, etc.) where personal data are collected or used.
Privacy policies will adhere to applicable laws, as well as industry self-regulatory requirements and industry best practices. At minimum, policies should disclose the fact that third parties are collecting personal data for advertising-related purposes, and should describe the methods of collection, as described above. Particular circumstances and applicable rules may create additional requirements.
Where consent (opt-in) is required prior to setting cookies or collecting data, such as in Europe under ePrivacy, the GDPR, and the UK GDPR, partners and clients are responsible to make sure that tags or pixels don’t fire until that consent is obtained.
EU and the UK: The industry standard means for ensuring notice and choice for vendors like Quantcast in the EU and the UK is the IAB Europe Transparency and Consent Framework. Quantcast is vendor ID 11. Quantcast’s required purposes and associated legal bases are viewable in the Global Vendor List. Because Quantcast is subject to European law, the TCF should be used for all users in the EU or the UK, even if the client or partner has no operations in Europe. Alternatively, such partners and clients may elect not to introduce data about EU or UK users into Quantcast’s services. Quantcast Choice is a leading, and TCF compliant, Consent Management Platform.
Proper use of Quantcast Choice will meet these requirements.
Partners and clients not using the TCF for EU or UK users need to use a legally compliant alternative means to ensure Quantcast’s legal basis for using cookies, where applicable, and for processing the data. This includes that Quantcast must be identified as a controller of the user’s personal data, and a link to Quantcast’s privacy policy must be provided. Quantcast may in the future require TCF.
Privacy policies in the EU and the UK need to include a link to the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) opt out page, located at youronlinechoices.com.
US: In the US, along with other requirements laid out here, privacy policies need to include links to an industry standard opt out page, like those offered by the NAI or DAA.
California: The CCPA applies for users in California. Partners and clients need to provide users with notice of their “sale” and “share” opt-out rights and the ability to exercise such rights, as applicable.
Other US states: Applicable state privacy law applies for users in Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia. Partners and clients need to provide users with notice of their “sale” and “targeted advertising” opt-out rights and the ability to exercise such rights, as applicable.
US State Privacy Addendum: The processing of US users’ personal data in connection with Quantcast’s services shall be governed by the US State Privacy Addendum,
which is available here
.
Access and Deletion
Under applicable law, including the EU GDPR, the UK GDPR, and the US state privacy laws, as a joint controller or third party, Quantcast will be responsible for providing users access to their personal data that is within Quantcast’s services, and for deleting personal data after it receives (or is notified of) a user’s request.
Other Matters
Sensitive data. Because Quantcast’s services are not intended for processing data regarded as “sensitive” or “special category” under applicable law (including data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, or parties, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership or related to health status or treatment) or data about children under the age of 16, partners and clients must not transmit to Quantcast or cause Quantcast to collect any such data. Quantcast tags and pixels may not be deployed on content that is directed at children under the age of 16. Sensitive or special category data includes the types of data listed in Article 9 of the EU GDPR, Section 1798.140 of the CCPA (as amended by the CPRA), or any equivalent term under applicable law. Sensitive data also includes any data that qualifies as “consumer health data” under the Washington My Health My Data Act, 2023 Wash. Laws 191 or any other equivalent laws.
Directly identifying personal data. Quantcast’s services are not designed to process directly identifying personal data, such as names or email addresses, and partners and clients may not send such information to Quantcast or cause Quantcast to collect it. If a partner has express permission from Quantcast to use email address, phone number, or other directly identifying information, such information will be pseudonymized (usually hashed or encrypted,) according to Quantcast specifications, before transmitting to Quantcast.
Reidentification. Under no circumstances will clients and other partners use any information collected or generated by Quantcast’s services to identify an individual user.
Effective April 5th 2024
to
July 29th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
This Privacy Implementation for Quantcast Advertiser Partners documents certain privacy-related responsibilities for advertisers and agencies, which are in addition to the
US State Data Privacy Addendum
and the
International Data Privacy Addendum
(collectively, the “DPAs”). If there is any conflict between this document and the DPAs, the DPAs are the controlling documents.
Privacy regulation around the world is dynamic. Quantcast may update this document from time to time at its own discretion in order to keep pace with changes in privacy rules and risks, and industry best practices, as well as to ensure users’ rights are honored appropriately.
Quantcast may take reasonable measures to ensure that data processed in its services is collected and processed in accordance with privacy rules and industry best practices. We may review locations where data is collected and may refuse to accept data that is not collected in a manner consistent with the approaches described in this document.
Terminology
This document uses “user” or “users” as interchangeable with “data subject” or “consumer” or other equivalent terms from various rules.
When we say rules, we mean laws, regulations, and industry self-regulatory codes that are applicable to the processing of personal data in relation to Quantcast’s services. Quantcast has a global footprint, including operations in the EU, the UK, and the US (including California), so those jurisdictions’ rules are applicable to Quantcast for data about users who reside in those jurisdictions.
We also will use “personal data” as interchangeable with terms such as, “personal information.” Personal data processed by Quantcast’s service is pseudonymous, including but not limited to IP address, cookie or device IDs, and other identifiers used for advertising-related purposes. In the case where a partner has express permission from Quantcast to use email address, phone number, or other directly identifying information, such information will be pseudonymized (usually hashed or encrypted,) according to Quantcast specifications, before transmitting to Quantcast.
Industry standards and self-regulatory programs
Quantcast supports and participates in industry self-regulatory programs, and generally implements industry standards and best practices when it comes to handling personal data. Partners and clients are responsible for ensuring their own implementation of self-regulatory rules and industry best practices, in particular related to providing transparency and choice to users in places where data is collected or used by Quantcast’s services.
Controller, processor, service provider, vendor, etc.
Unfortunately, terms describing the relationships between parties sharing data are not interchangeable. Quantcast determines its role based on applicable law and the facts of its processing of personal data. In many relationships with advertiser partners or clients, Quantcast is a controller or joint controller, because of the role that Quantcast plays in defining exactly how data is used. This does not mean Quantcast has unfettered rights to use this data; rather, Quantcast’s use of the data is usually restricted by contractual limitations. If you have questions about this, please consult your agreement or ask your account representative.
Advertisers: Where the EU GDPR or the UK GDPR applies, Quantcast is a joint controller of personal data collected using Quantcast tags and pixels and of other personal data introduced into Quantcast’s services by the advertiser. Where US state privacy law applies, Quantcast acts as a “third party.”
Notice/Transparency and Choice
Laws, self-regulatory rules, and industry best practice require users be notified about processing of personal data, and be offered a choice – either opt in or opt out — with respect to that processing.
When deploying Quantcast tags or pixels, or otherwise introducing data into Quantcast’s services, partners and clients are responsible to make sure that users are given notice and choice that is required for Quantcast to be able to collect and process the data. And, of course, partners and clients have to make sure of notice and choice for their own personal data collection and processing.
Generally, notice must include the fact that third parties are collecting and processing users’ data, along with information about the data collected, the means of collection, the purposes for processing (including interest-based advertising), and how users can exercise their choices. Laws or rules in some jurisdictions would require that Quantcast be specifically identified in the notice and a link to Quantcast’s
privacy policy
be included.
Quantcast’s methods of collection include, depending on particular circumstances, cookies, pixels, JavaScript tags, probabilistic device matching and cross-device matching (using passively collected data).
Quantcast implements choice using industry standard methods and will be responsible for honoring that choice with respect to personal data within Quantcast’s services.
For their part, partners and clients need to provide access to the choice using industry standard and legally compliant methods, depending on the applicable laws and rules. Usually this means providing access to choose within other privacy disclosures, including in a privacy policy.
In all cases, partners and clients should have user-facing privacy policies that are prominently linked from their homepages and from content (sites, apps, etc.) where personal data are collected or used.
Privacy policies will adhere to applicable laws, as well as industry self-regulatory requirements and industry best practices. At minimum, policies should disclose the fact that third parties are collecting personal data for advertising-related purposes, and should describe the methods of collection, as described above. Particular circumstances and applicable rules may create additional requirements.
Where consent (opt-in) is required prior to setting cookies or collecting data, such as in Europe under ePrivacy, the GDPR, and the UK GDPR, partners and clients are responsible to make sure that tags or pixels don’t fire until that consent is obtained.
EU and the UK: The industry standard means for ensuring notice and choice for vendors like Quantcast in the EU and the UK is the IAB Europe Transparency and Consent Framework. Quantcast is vendor ID 11. Quantcast’s required purposes and associated legal bases are viewable in the Global Vendor List. Because Quantcast is subject to European law, the TCF should be used for all users in the EU or the UK, even if the client or partner has no operations in Europe. Alternatively, such partners and clients may elect not to introduce data about EU or UK users into Quantcast’s services. Quantcast Choice is a leading, and TCF compliant, Consent Management Platform. Proper use of Quantcast Choice will meet these requirements.
Partners and clients not using the TCF for EU or UK users need to use a legally compliant alternative means to ensure Quantcast’s legal basis for using cookies, where applicable, and for processing the data. This includes that Quantcast must be identified as a controller of the user’s personal data, and a link to Quantcast’s privacy policy must be provided. Quantcast may in the future require TCF.
Privacy policies in the EU and the UK need to include a link to the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) opt out page, located at youronlinechoices.com.
US: In the US, along with other requirements laid out here, privacy policies need to include links to an industry standard opt out page, like those offered by the NAI or DAA.
California: The CCPA applies for users in California. Partners and clients need to provide users with notice of their “sale” and “share” opt-out rights and the ability to exercise such rights, as applicable.
Other US states: Applicable state privacy law applies for users in Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia. Partners and clients need to provide users with notice of their “sale” and “targeted advertising” opt-out rights and the ability to exercise such rights, as applicable.
US State Privacy Addendum: The processing of US users’ personal data in connection with Quantcast’s services shall be governed by the US State Privacy Addendum,
which is available here
.
Access and Deletion
Under applicable law, including the EU GDPR, the UK GDPR, and the US state privacy laws, as a joint controller or third party, Quantcast will be responsible for providing users access to their personal data that is within Quantcast’s services, and for deleting personal data after it receives (or is notified of) a user’s request.
Other Matters
Sensitive data. Because Quantcast’s services are not intended for processing data regarded as “sensitive” or “special category” under applicable law (including data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, or parties, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership or related to health status or treatment) or data about children under the age of 16, partners and clients must not transmit to Quantcast or cause Quantcast to collect any such data. Quantcast tags and pixels may not be deployed on content that is directed at children under the age of 16. Sensitive or special category data includes the types of data listed in Article 9 of the EU GDPR, Section 1798.140 of the CCPA (as amended by the CPRA), or any equivalent term under applicable law. Sensitive data also includes any data that qualifies as “consumer health data” under the Washington My Health My Data Act, 2023 Wash. Laws 191 or any other equivalent laws.
Directly identifying personal data. Quantcast’s services are not designed to process directly identifying personal data, such as names or email addresses, and partners and clients may not send such information to Quantcast or cause Quantcast to collect it. If a partner has express permission from Quantcast to use email address, phone number, or other directly identifying information, such information will be pseudonymized (usually hashed or encrypted,) according to Quantcast specifications, before transmitting to Quantcast.
Reidentification. Under no circumstances will publishers use any information collected or generated by Quantcast’s services to identify an individual user.
Effective January 23rd 2024
to
April 5th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Last Update: September 28, 2023
This Privacy Implementation for Quantcast Advertiser Partners documents certain privacy-related responsibilities for advertisers and agencies, which are in addition to the
US State Data Privacy Addendum
and the
International Data Privacy Addendum
(collectively, the “DPAs”). If there is any conflict between this document and the DPAs, the DPAs are the controlling documents.
Privacy regulation around the world is dynamic. Quantcast may update this document from time to time at its own discretion in order to keep pace with changes in privacy rules and risks, and industry best practices, as well as to ensure users’ rights are honored appropriately.
Quantcast may take reasonable measures to ensure that data processed in its services is collected and processed in accordance with privacy rules and industry best practices. We may review locations where data is collected and may refuse to accept data that is not collected in a manner consistent with the approaches described in this document.
Terminology
This document uses “user” or “users” as interchangeable with “data subject” or “consumer” or other equivalent terms from various rules.
When we say rules, we mean laws, regulations, and industry self-regulatory codes that are applicable to the processing of personal data in relation to Quantcast’s services. Quantcast has a global footprint, including operations in the EU, the UK, and the US (including California), so those jurisdictions’ rules are applicable to Quantcast for data about users who reside in those jurisdictions.
We also will use “personal data” as interchangeable with terms such as, “personal information.” Personal data processed by Quantcast’s service is pseudonymous, including but not limited to IP address, cookie or device IDs, and other identifiers used for advertising-related purposes. In the case where a partner has express permission from Quantcast to use email address, phone number, or other directly identifying information, such information will be pseudonymized (usually hashed or encrypted,) according to Quantcast specifications, before transmitting to Quantcast.
Industry standards and self-regulatory programs
Quantcast supports and participates in industry self-regulatory programs, and generally implements industry standards and best practices when it comes to handling personal data. Partners and clients are responsible for ensuring their own implementation of self-regulatory rules and industry best practices, in particular related to providing transparency and choice to users in places where data is collected or used by Quantcast’s services.
Controller, processor, service provider, vendor, etc.
Unfortunately, terms describing the relationships between parties sharing data are not interchangeable. Quantcast determines its role based on applicable law and the facts of its processing of personal data. In many relationships with advertiser partners or clients, Quantcast is a controller or joint controller, because of the role that Quantcast plays in defining exactly how data is used. This does not mean Quantcast has unfettered rights to use this data; rather, Quantcast’s use of the data is usually restricted by contractual limitations. If you have questions about this, please consult your agreement or ask your account representative.
Advertisers: Where the EU GDPR or the UK GDPR applies, Quantcast is a joint controller of personal data collected using Quantcast tags and pixels and of other personal data introduced into Quantcast’s services by the advertiser. Where US state privacy law applies, Quantcast acts as a “third party.”
Notice/Transparency and Choice
Laws, self-regulatory rules, and industry best practice require users be notified about processing of personal data, and be offered a choice – either opt in or opt out — with respect to that processing.
When deploying Quantcast tags or pixels, or otherwise introducing data into Quantcast’s services, partners and clients are responsible to make sure that users are given notice and choice that is required for Quantcast to be able to collect and process the data. And, of course, partners and clients have to make sure of notice and choice for their own personal data collection and processing.
Generally, notice must include the fact that third parties are collecting and processing users’ data, along with information about the data collected, the means of collection, the purposes for processing (including interest-based advertising), and how users can exercise their choices. Laws or rules in some jurisdictions would require that Quantcast be specifically identified in the notice and a link to Quantcast’s
privacy policy
be included.
Quantcast’s methods of collection include, depending on particular circumstances, cookies, pixels, JavaScript tags, probabilistic device matching and cross-device matching (using passively collected data).
Quantcast implements choice using industry standard methods and will be responsible for honoring that choice with respect to personal data within Quantcast’s services.
For their part, partners and clients need to provide access to the choice using industry standard and legally compliant methods, depending on the applicable laws and rules. Usually this means providing access to choose within other privacy disclosures, including in a privacy policy.
In all cases, partners and clients should have user-facing privacy policies that are prominently linked from their homepages and from content (sites, apps, etc.) where personal data are collected or used.
Privacy policies will adhere to applicable laws, as well as industry self-regulatory requirements and industry best practices. At minimum, policies should disclose the fact that third parties are collecting personal data for advertising-related purposes, and should describe the methods of collection, as described above. Particular circumstances and applicable rules may create additional requirements.
Where consent (opt-in) is required prior to setting cookies or collecting data, such as in Europe under ePrivacy, the GDPR, and the UK GDPR, partners and clients are responsible to make sure that tags or pixels don’t fire until that consent is obtained.
EU and the UK:
The industry standard means for ensuring notice and choice for vendors like Quantcast in the EU and the UK is the IAB Europe Transparency and Consent Framework. Quantcast is vendor ID 11. Quantcast’s required purposes and associated legal bases are viewable in the Global Vendor List. Because Quantcast is subject to European law, the TCF should be used for all users in the EU or the UK, even if the client or partner has no operations in Europe. Alternatively, such partners and clients may elect not to introduce data about EU or UK users into Quantcast’s services. Quantcast Choice is a leading, and TCF compliant, Consent Management Platform. Proper use of Quantcast Choice will meet these requirements.
Partners and clients not using the TCF for EU or UK users need to use a legally compliant alternative means to ensure Quantcast’s legal basis for using cookies, where applicable, and for processing the data. This includes that Quantcast must be identified as a controller of the user’s personal data, and a link to Quantcast’s privacy policy must be provided. Quantcast may in the future require TCF.
Privacy policies in the EU and the UK need to include a link to the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) opt out page, located at youronlinechoices.com.
US
: In the US, along with other requirements laid out here, privacy policies need to include links to an industry standard opt out page, like those offered by the NAI or DAA.
California
: The CCPA applies for users in California. Partners and clients need to provide users with notice of their “sale” and “share” opt-out rights and the ability to exercise such rights, as applicable.
Other US states
: Applicable state privacy law applies for users in Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia. Partners and clients need to provide users with notice of their “sale” and “targeted advertising” opt-out rights and the ability to exercise such rights, as applicable.
US State Privacy Addendum:
The processing of US users’ personal data in connection with Quantcast’s services shall be governed by the US State Privacy Addendum,
which is available here
.
Access and Deletion
Under applicable law, including the EU GDPR, the UK GDPR, and the US state privacy laws, as a joint controller or third party, Quantcast will be responsible for providing users access to their personal data that is within Quantcast’s services, and for deleting personal data after it receives (or is notified of) a user’s request.
Other Matters
Sensitive data
. Because Quantcast’s services are not intended for processing data regarded as “sensitive” or “special category” under applicable law or data about children under the age of 16, partners and clients must not transmit to Quantcast or cause Quantcast to collect any such data. Quantcast tags and pixels may not be deployed on content that is directed at children under the age of 16. Sensitive or special category data includes the types of data listed in Article 9 of the EU GDPR, Section 1798.140 of the CCPA (as amended by the CPRA), or any equivalent term under applicable law.
Directly identifying personal data
. Quantcast’s services are not designed to process directly identifying personal data, such as names or email addresses, and partners and clients may not send such information to Quantcast or cause Quantcast to collect it. If a partner has express permission from Quantcast to use email address, phone number, or other directly identifying information, such information will be pseudonymized (usually hashed or encrypted,) according to Quantcast specifications, before transmitting to Quantcast.
Reidentification
. Under no circumstances will publishers use any information collected or generated by Quantcast’s services to identify an individual user.
Effective August 29th 2023
to
January 23rd 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Last Update: May 16, 2023
This Privacy Implementation for Quantcast Advertiser Partners documents certain privacy-related responsibilities for advertisers and agencies, which are in addition to the
US State Data Privacy Addendum
and the
EEA/UK/Swiss Data Privacy Addendum
(collectively, the “DPAs”). If there is any conflict between this document and the DPAs, the DPAs are the controlling documents.
Privacy regulation around the world is dynamic. Quantcast may update this document from time to time at its own discretion in order to keep pace with changes in privacy rules and risks, and industry best practices, as well as to ensure users’ rights are honored appropriately.
Quantcast may take reasonable measures to ensure that data processed in its services is collected and processed in accordance with privacy rules and industry best practices. We may review locations where data is collected and may refuse to accept data that is not collected in a manner consistent with the approaches described in this document.
Terminology
This document uses “user” or “users” as interchangeable with “data subject” or “consumer” or other equivalent terms from various rules.
When we say rules, we mean laws, regulations, and industry self-regulatory codes that are applicable to the processing of personal data in relation to Quantcast’s services. Quantcast has a global footprint, including operations in the EU, the UK, and the US (including California), so those jurisdictions’ rules are applicable to Quantcast for data about users who reside in those jurisdictions.
We also will use “personal data” as interchangeable with terms such as, “personal information.” Personal data processed by Quantcast’s service is pseudonymous, including but not limited to IP address, cookie or device IDs, and other identifiers used for advertising-related purposes. In the case where a partner has express permission from Quantcast to use email address, phone number, or other directly identifying information, such information will be pseudonymized (usually hashed or encrypted,) according to Quantcast specifications, before transmitting to Quantcast.
Industry standards and self-regulatory programs
Quantcast supports and participates in industry self-regulatory programs, and generally implements industry standards and best practices when it comes to handling personal data. Partners and clients are responsible for ensuring their own implementation of self-regulatory rules and industry best practices, in particular related to providing transparency and choice to users in places where data is collected or used by Quantcast’s services.
Controller, processor, service provider, vendor, etc.
Unfortunately, terms describing the relationships between parties sharing data are not interchangeable. Quantcast determines its role based on applicable law and the facts of its processing of personal data. In many relationships with advertiser partners or clients, Quantcast is a controller or joint controller, because of the role that Quantcast plays in defining exactly how data is used. This does not mean Quantcast has unfettered rights to use this data; rather, Quantcast’s use of the data is usually restricted by contractual limitations. If you have questions about this, please consult your agreement or ask your account representative.
Advertisers: Where the EU GDPR or the UK GDPR applies, Quantcast is a joint controller of personal data collected using Quantcast tags and pixels and of other personal data introduced into Quantcast’s services by the advertiser. Where US state privacy law applies, Quantcast acts as a “third party.”
Notice/Transparency and Choice
Laws, self-regulatory rules, and industry best practice require users be notified about processing of personal data, and be offered a choice – either opt in or opt out — with respect to that processing.
When deploying Quantcast tags or pixels, or otherwise introducing data into Quantcast’s services, partners and clients are responsible to make sure that users are given notice and choice that is required for Quantcast to be able to collect and process the data. And, of course, partners and clients have to make sure of notice and choice for their own personal data collection and processing.
Generally, notice must include the fact that third parties are collecting and processing users’ data, along with information about the data collected, the means of collection, the purposes for processing (including interest-based advertising), and how users can exercise their choices. Laws or rules in some jurisdictions would require that Quantcast be specifically identified in the notice and a link to Quantcast’s
privacy policy
be included.
Quantcast’s methods of collection include, depending on particular circumstances, cookies, pixels, JavaScript tags, probabilistic device matching and cross-device matching (using passively collected data).
Quantcast implements choice using industry standard methods and will be responsible for honoring that choice with respect to personal data within Quantcast’s services.
For their part, partners and clients need to provide access to the choice using industry standard and legally compliant methods, depending on the applicable laws and rules. Usually this means providing access to choose within other privacy disclosures, including in a privacy policy.
In all cases, partners and clients should have user-facing privacy policies that are prominently linked from their homepages and from content (sites, apps, etc.) where personal data are collected or used.
Privacy policies will adhere to applicable laws, as well as industry self-regulatory requirements and industry best practices. At minimum, policies should disclose the fact that third parties are collecting personal data for advertising-related purposes, and should describe the methods of collection, as described above. Particular circumstances and applicable rules may create additional requirements.
Where consent (opt-in) is required prior to setting cookies or collecting data, such as in Europe under ePrivacy, the GDPR, and the UK GDPR, partners and clients are responsible to make sure that tags or pixels don’t fire until that consent is obtained.
EU and the UK:
The industry standard means for ensuring notice and choice for vendors like Quantcast in the EU and the UK is the IAB Europe Transparency and Consent Framework. Quantcast is vendor ID 11. Quantcast’s required purposes and associated legal bases are viewable in the Global Vendor List. Because Quantcast is subject to European law, the TCF should be used for all users in the EU or the UK, even if the client or partner has no operations in Europe. Alternatively, such partners and clients may elect not to introduce data about EU or UK users into Quantcast’s services. Quantcast Choice is a leading, and TCF compliant, Consent Management Platform. Proper use of Quantcast Choice will meet these requirements.
Partners and clients not using the TCF for EU or UK users need to use a legally compliant alternative means to ensure Quantcast’s legal basis for using cookies, where applicable, and for processing the data. This includes that Quantcast must be identified as a controller of the user’s personal data, and a link to Quantcast’s privacy policy must be provided. Quantcast may in the future require TCF.
Privacy policies in the EU and the UK need to include a link to the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) opt out page, located at youronlinechoices.com.
US
: In the US, along with other requirements laid out here, privacy policies need to include links to an industry standard opt out page, like those offered by the NAI or DAA.
California
: The CCPA applies for users in California. Partners and clients need to provide users with notice of their “sale” and “share” opt-out rights and the ability to exercise such rights, as applicable.
Other US states
: Applicable state privacy law applies for users in Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia. Partners and clients need to provide users with notice of their “sale” and “targeted advertising” opt-out rights and the ability to exercise such rights, as applicable.
US State Privacy Addendum:
The processing of US users’ personal data in connection with Quantcast’s services shall be governed by the US State Privacy Addendum,
which is available here
.
Access and Deletion
Under applicable law, including the EU GDPR, the UK GDPR, and the US state privacy laws, as a joint controller or third party, Quantcast will be responsible for providing users access to their personal data that is within Quantcast’s services, and for deleting personal data after it receives (or is notified of) a user’s request.
Other Matters
Sensitive data
. Because Quantcast’s services are not intended for processing data regarded as “sensitive” or “special category” under applicable law or data about children under the age of 16, partners and clients must not transmit to Quantcast or cause Quantcast to collect any such data. Quantcast tags and pixels may not be deployed on content that is directed at children under the age of 16. Sensitive or special category data includes the types of data listed in Article 9 of the EU GDPR, Section 1798.140 of the CCPA (as amended by the CPRA), or any equivalent term under applicable law.
Directly identifying personal data
. Quantcast’s services are not designed to process directly identifying personal data, such as names or email addresses, and partners and clients may not send such information to Quantcast or cause Quantcast to collect it. If a partner has express permission from Quantcast to use email address, phone number, or other directly identifying information, such information will be pseudonymized (usually hashed or encrypted,) according to Quantcast specifications, before transmitting to Quantcast.
Reidentification
. Under no circumstances will publishers use any information collected or generated by Quantcast’s services to identify an individual user.
Effective September 11th 2023
Download
Table of Contents
Laws that may require us to process your information
As described in our Privacy Policy, we process information when we comply with a legal obligation including, for example, to access, preserve or disclose certain information if there is a valid legal request from a regulator, law enforcement or others. See below the current list of laws which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Quantcast which results in the processing of information. New laws may be enacted, or other obligations may become binding on our processing of your information which may require us to process your information, and we will update this list from time to time.
Civil and Commercial Laws:
Court orders requiring the processing of information can be issued under:
Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.
Council Regulation (EC) No 1206/2001 of 28 May 2001 on cooperation between the courts of the Member States in the taking of evidence in civil or commercial matters.
Criminal Laws:
Search warrants and production orders requiring the processing of information can be issued under:
Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006
Section 7 of the Child Trafficking and Pornography Act 1998
Section 14 of the Criminal Assets Bureau Act 1996
Section 63 Criminal Justice Act 1994, as amended
Section 15 of the Criminal Justice Act 2011
Section 7 Criminal Justice (Offences Relating to Information Systems) Act 2017
Section 48(2) and Section 52 of the Criminal Justice (Theft and Fraud Offences) Act 2001
Section 74 and Section 75 of the Criminal Law (Mutual Assistance) Act 2008
Section 96 of the Garda Síochána Act 2005
Section 51(6)(b) of the International Criminal Court Act 2006
Section 26 of the Misuse of Drugs Act 1977, as amended
Section 29 of the Offences Against the State Act 1939
Section 16 of the Official Secrets Act 1963
Section 25 of the Prevention of Corruption (Amendment) Act 2001
Consumer Laws:
Regulatory requests requiring the processing of information can be issued under:
Section 11, Section 18 and Section 36 of the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014.
Corporate and Taxation Laws:
Regulatory requests requiring the processing of information can be issued under:
Section 787 of the Companies Act 2014.
Regulatory:
Regulatory requests requiring the processing of information can be issued under:
Chapters IV and VI of General Data Protection Regulation, Part 6 of the Data Protection Act 2018.
Effective September 11th 2023
Download
Table of Contents
Last Updated: December 8, 2022
We partner with other companies to help us provide and improve our services and products. Sometimes, it is necessary for us to share information that could be considered to be personal information about you with these partners. (Remember that we don’t share directly identifiable information about consumers, such as your name or address, because we do not collect that type of information, as discussed in our
Products and Services Privacy Policy
).
Products and Services Partners
Listed below are the partners with whom we share information in the provision of Quantcast’s products and services to our clients. This list identifies those partners, and lists links to their respective privacy policies and opt-out links so that you can learn more about their data collection and usage practices.
We are continually improving and updating our services and our partners will change over time. We will update this page to reflect those changes. Please visit our
Products and Services Privacy Policy
for more information about Quantcast’s data practices.
Please note that the links in the tables below are provided for your convenience. Each is solely maintained by the respective partner, and are subject to change at such partner’s discretion.
Ad Serving
The companies in this category serve digital advertisements on various digital platforms such as the web, social media, or mobile apps, and issue reports on the performance of advertising campaigns (e.g., the number of users who saw a particular ad, the particular ad type that was served, etc.). We need to use these vendors to deliver and measure the advertising campaigns that we serve. To do this, these vendors collect and use certain identifiers, such as the IP address of the visitor to the digital platform (e.g. to deliver the ad to that visitor’s browser or device) and an identifier specific to the advertisement (so they can identify the ad they need to serve and measure).
Partner
Privacy Policy
Opt-Out Link or Contact
Advanse, LLC
Privacy Policy
Opt Out Link
Google LLC (fka Doubleclick, a division of Google Inc.)
Privacy Policy
Opt Out Link
Jivox Corporation
Privacy Policy
Opt Out Link
Ad Verification
These companies provide a technology to ensure that digital advertisements appear on intended sites and reach the targeted audience; examples include measuring the viewability of an ad, brand safety and fraud (e.g., whether a site is safe for the particular advertiser’s brand or whether it is a fraudulent site). We use these vendors in order to better meet the requirements of our clients and deliver more effective advertising. These companies collect and use certain identifiers, such as the IP address of the visitor to the digital platform and an identifier specific to the advertisement (so that they can pass these details to the ad server, if they determine it is appropriate for the ad server to deliver the ad).
Partner
Privacy Policy
Opt-Out Link or Contact
DoubleVerify, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Opt Out Link
Integral Ad Science (IAS)
Privacy Policy
Opt Out Link
Rockerbox, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Opt Out Link
Data Management Platforms and Data Providers
These companies either directly license first and third party digital audience segment data from different sources (such as online, offline and mobile) to businesses or provide a platform through which Quantcast clients can collect, organize and activate such data for Quantcast’s use in connection with its advertising or analytics services. We share online identifiers (e.g., cookie IDs) with them in order to sync identifiers to effectively integrate with their services.
Partner
Privacy Policy
Opt-Out Link or Contact
Adobe Systems Incorporated
Privacy Policy
Opt Out Link
Dynata, LLC/Research Now Group, Inc.
Privacy Policy
privacy@dynata.com
LiveRamp, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Opt Out Link
Lotame Solutions, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Opt Out Link
Neustar Information Services, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Opt Out Link
Oracle America, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Opt Out Link
Salesforce Audience Studio (formerly Krux Digital LLC)
Privacy Policy
Opt Out Link
Real-Time Bidding Exchanges
These companies provide a platform that facilitates the buying and selling of online ad impressions through real-time auctions. Quantcast participates as a buyer on these platforms in order to deliver an ad to an end user on a webpage or app. We share online identifiers (e.g., cookie ID) with them in order to sync identifiers to effectively integrate with their services.
Partner
Privacy Policy
Opt-Out Link or Contact
Bidswitch GmbH
Privacy Policy
Opt Out Link
Google LLC (fka DoubleClick Ad Exchange, a division of Google Inc.)
Privacy Policy
Opt Out Link
EMX Digital, LLC
Privacy Policy
US Opt Out Link
EU Opt Out Link
Index Exchange Inc.
Privacy Policy
Opt Out Link
Lijit Networks, Inc. (Sovrn)
Privacy Policy
Opt Out Link
LKQD, a division of Nexstar Digital LLC
Privacy Policy
US Opt Out Link
EU Opt Out Link
Magnite, Inc. (fka SpotX, Telaria, Inc. and The Rubicon Project, Inc.)
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Opt Out Link
Opt Out Link
OpenX Technologies, Inc.
Privacy Policy
US Opt Out Link
EU Opt Out Link
Outbrain Inc.
Privacy Policy
privacy@outbrain.com
Publisher First, Inc. (dba Freestar)
Privacy Policy
privacy@freestar.com
PubMatic, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Opt Out Link
Sharethrough, Inc.
Privacy Policy
US Opt Out Link
EU Opt Out Link
Smart AdServer
Privacy Policy
privacy@smartadserver.com
SpotX, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Opt Out Link
Taboola, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Opt Out Link
Teads France SAS
Privacy Policy
Opt Out Link
Triple Lift, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Opt Out Link
Unruly Group, Limited
Privacy Policy
Opt Out Link
Verizon Media Group (fka Oath Americas, Inc. and YahooAdTech LLC)
Privacy Policy
Opt Out Link
Xandr Inc. (fka AppNexus, Inc.)
Privacy Policy
Opt Out Link
Corporate Partners
In addition to the products and services partners listed above, Quantcast also shares information with the partners listed below in the course of its general corporate activities, such as sales, marketing, and general administration, as governed by our
Website and Corporate Privacy Policy.
Infrastructure
These are companies who provide cloud-based hosting, storage and processing infrastructure and services to enable Quantcast to provide its services to clients. Quantcast may store any of the data that it collects on its own servers or through these infrastructure partners.
Partner
Privacy Policy
Opt-Out Link or Contact
Amazon Web Services
Privacy Policy
Opt Out Link
Snowflake Computing, Inc.
Privacy Policy
privacy@snowflake.com
Marketing and Customer Research
Quantcast works with companies to collect and analyze online behavior about Quantcast products for market research, customer satisfaction, website feedback and concept testing. To do so, Quantcast includes the tag of these companies on its webpages or other digital applications. By virtue of their tag on the Quantcast site or code in a Quantcast SDK, these vendors collect online identifiers (e.g., cookie identifiers, IP address and device identifiers). Please see their privacy policies for more information about the data they collect via their tags or SDKs.
Partner
Privacy Policy
Opt-Out Link or Contact
Drift.com, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Opt Out Link
Episerver Inc. (t/a Optimizely)
Privacy Policy
Opt Out Link
Facebook, Inc. (social plugins)
Privacy Policy
US Opt Out Link
EU Opt Out Link
Flashtalking, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Opt Out Link
FullStory, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Opt Out Link
Google LLC (Google Analytics and Google Adwords)
Privacy Policy
Opt Out Link
Heap, Inc.
Privacy Policy
legal@Heap.io
Hotjar Ltd.
Privacy Policy
Opt Out Link
Marketo, Inc.
Privacy Policy
privacyofficer@marketo.com
Microsoft Corporation (Bing Advertise)
Privacy Policy
Opt Out Link
OneClipboard Inc. (dba Splashthat)
Privacy Policy
US Opt Out Link
EU Opt Out Link
Qualtrics, LLC
Privacy Policy
privacy@qualtrics.com
Zendesk, Inc.
Privacy Policy
privacy@zendesk.com
Zoominfo, inc.
Privacy Policy
Opt Out Link
Effective April 3rd 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Last Updated: September 28, 2023
These Quantcast Advertise Insertion Order Terms & Conditions (“
IO Terms
”) govern the Insertion Orders (“IOs”) that reference these IO Terms. In these IO Terms, the party entering into the IO will be called “
Company
” and the Quantcast entity identified on the relevant Insertion Order will be called “
Quantcast
”. Quantcast will provide the services set forth in the IO and these IO Terms (“
Services
”).
These IO Terms are comprised of the following:
(1) 4A’s/IAB Standard Terms and Conditions for Internet Advertising for Media Buys One Year or Less, Version 3 (“4As Term”)
, located
here
are incorporated herein by reference; and
(2) The
following additional and controlling terms:
a
.Services
: The Services include Quantcast’s campaign management services, including campaign strategy and campaign execution and any other data services, products, features and/or tools provided by Quantcast under an IO or selected via the Platform (as defined below). Quantcast may use the Platform on Company’s behalf to provide the Services, including to (i) purchase inventory, (ii) run campaigns, (iii) build audiences (iv) select additional Services, including Third-Party Services (as defined below). Any selection made by  Quantcast in the Platform on Company’s behalf shall be deemed a selection made by Company for purposes of the IO Terms.
b. Geo-targeting
: Geo-targeting will be agreed to by the parties.
c. Cross-Platform
: All campaigns are served with blended devices (desktop, mobile web, tablet) targeting unless otherwise agreed to by the parties.
d. Payment and
Invoicing
:
i. Payment to be made in the currency identified in the
Campaign Total Budget
(as shown in the IO).
ii. Quantcast will provide monthly invoices electronically.
iii. In the case of non-US placements, the Campaign Total Budget is exclusive of VAT.
iv.Section III(c) of the 4As Terms shall not apply. Company will pay invoices within 30 days of the invoice date. Quantcast reserves the right to charge interest of 2% per month (or the legal maximum, whichever is lower) for late payments. Company will be responsible for reasonable out-of-pocket costs that Quantcast incurs to collect any unpaid invoices.
v. For the avoidance of doubt, Company is solely responsible for all amounts payable for Third-Party Services (defined below) and the cost of placing the AdChoices or similar icon (“
Third-Party Costs
”), whether Quantcast includes such Third-Party Costs on its invoices or Company pays such Third-Party Costs directly. Quantcast reserves the right but not the obligation to place the AdChoices icon (or a similar icon) on Ads that do not already include such icon. Company acknowledges that any Third-Party Costs shown in the Platform
are based on the information Quantcast receives from the third parties and are subject to the final amounts charged by such third parties.
e
.Budget Fluidity for Performance Optimization
:
Quantcast may shift budgets among placements across the entire date range of a campaign in order to optimize performance; provided, that Quantcast stays within the Campaign Total Budget.
f.
Privacy Requirements and Campaign Policy
i. Each party will comply with all applicable laws and regulations (Quantcast in its provision of the Services in the form provided by Quantcast and Company in its use of the Services). Without limiting the foregoing, throughout the term of the IO, the parties agree to adhere to Applicable Privacy Laws and applicable self- regulatory principles, such as the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising (“
DAA
”) or the Network Advertising Initiative Code of Conduct (“
NAI
”). If a change in Applicable Privacy Laws or self- regulatory principles necessitates a change to these IO Terms, the parties will work together in good faith to agree to appropriate revisions. “
Applicable Privacy Laws
” means all applicable international, federal, state, or local laws and regulations relating to personal data or personal information, as may be amended, extended or re-enacted from time to time, such as the EU General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) and any EU Member State laws implementing the GDPR, the UK GDPR and the UK Data Protection Act 2018 (collectively, “
GDPR
”), the e-Privacy Directive (Directive 2002/58/EC) and the UK Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003 (collectively, “
ePD
”) and the California Consumer Privacy Act (Cal. Civ. Code §§ 1798.100 – 1798.199), as amended, including by the California Privacy Rights Act (“CCPA”).
ii. Each party will (a) prominently display a user-friendly, easily-accessible, clear, and comprehensive privacy policy on its website or mobile application that complies with all applicable laws (including Applicable Privacy Laws) and applicable self- regulatory principles; and (b) if and as applicable, provide website or application visitors in its privacy policy (i) notice that its website, application, or service permits data collection for interest-based advertising, (ii) a description of the data collected and the means of collection, and (iii) a link to an industry-standard opt- out mechanism, such as the
NAI
or
DAA
opt out page.
iii. Company will not use the Service with any (a) Direct Identifiers, any special or sensitive categories of personal data as defined by Applicable Privacy Laws, including by placing campaign tags on websites, apps and/or other digital properties whose content reveals special or sensitive categories of personal data of a user, or personal data relating to criminal offenses or criminal convictions; or (b) any data of children, including by placing campaign tags on websites, apps and/or other digital properties directed at children. “Direct Identifier” means any information that identifies a particular individual without additional information, including name, address, mobile number, email address, financial account number or government-issued identifier. Direct Identifiers do not include pseudonymous identifiers such as IP address, cookie ID or other digital identifiers. For purposes of these IO Terms, “children” refers to anyone age 16 or such other age specified by Applicable Privacy Laws under which the processing of personal information is prohibited or requires opt-in or parental consent.
iv. These IO Terms incorporate (i) the
US State Data Privacy Addendum
to the extent that the Services include processing personal information that is subject to U.S. State Privacy Laws (as defined in the foregoing Addendum) and (ii) the
International Data Privacy Addendum
to the extent that the Services include processing of personal data that is subject to International Privacy Laws (as defined in the foregoing Addendum).
In addition, Company will comply with Quantcast’s then-current
Campaign and Data Policy
and
Privacy Requirements
(collectively the “
Campaign Policy
”). All of the foregoing linked adden
da and policies constitute “Policies” under the 4As Terms.
g.
Viewability
i.
Viewability Calculation
:
Viewability is calculated as the number of in-view impressions divided by the number of vendor-measured, delivered impressions served across the entire campaign. The percentage viewability for measured impressions will be imputed to unmeasured impressions.
ii.
Viewability Goal
:
If specified in the placement(s) on the insertion order, Quantcast will optimize delivery towards the applicable Viewability Goal.
iii.
Viewability Guarantee
:
If specified in the placement(s) on the insertion order, Quantcast will provide the Viewability Guarantee. Such guarantee will only be offered for video placements, Search Powered Audiences, Demographic Audiences, and Data Partner Audiences.
a.
Makegood
. If the Viewability Guarantee is not met, Company’s sole remedy will be Quantcast’s delivery, for a brand campaign, of a number of impressions equal to double the difference between the Viewability Guarantee and the actual viewability delivered. This double makegood will fulfill the stated guarantee, and is not itself subject to a viewability requirement.
b.
Conditions
.
1.Viewability Vendor must be MRC accredited. Other than for MOAT, Company will provide Quantcast with the Viewability Vendor’s daily reporting.
2. Company must raise any viewability dispute within 30 days of the campaign end date.
3. Lowering the viewability requirement during a campaign voids the guarantee.
4. Makegood impressions expire 90 days from the campaign end date.
5. At its discretion, Quantcast may issue a credit memo for the value of makegood impressions.
iv.
vCPM
:
If a placement uses a vCPM pricing model, Company will only be billed for viewable (or “in-view”) impressions (regardless of the percentage of viewability) as reported by the Viewability Vendor (specified in the placement on the IO).
h
.Third-Party Ad Server
:
If Company is using a third-party ad server, Company will provide Quantcast log-in access to each Ad Server listed in the placements above within 24 hours of campaign start date for reporting access (including conversions, if applicable).
j.
Additional Company Representation and Warranty
.
i. Company represents and warrants that it will comply with all applicable laws and has obtained all necessary licensure for performance hereunder, and that Ads will not infringe or violate any applicable laws, ordinances, rules, codes, or regulations (including, without limitation, any industry-specific ethical, professional, or self-regulatory requirements or guidelines, and Applicable Privacy Laws) or the rights of any third party. If Company is an Agency (as defined in the 4As Terms), Company also represents and warrants that it has the authority to bind its Clients to these IO Terms and each IO, and that all of Company’s actions related to these IO Terms and each IO will be within the scope of such agency.
k.
For Placements Priced on a CPA basis.
i.
Company agrees to pay Quantcast for the conversions and click-thru conversions as stated within the applicable placement. The conversion is defined as from both click-thru and view-thru conversions.
I.
IAB Ads.txt Principles
:
Quantcast supports the principles of IAB initiative ads.txt and recommends all publishers adopt ads.txt as soon as possible. For inventory where we crawl a non-empty ads.txt file, Quantcast will only consider buying inventory from authorized sellers.
m.
Advertise Platform Access
:
If Quantcast provides Company with access to Quantcast’s platform (“
Platform
”), the following terms apply:
i. Quantcast may provide individuals authorized by Company (“
Authorized Users
”) with view only access to the Platform. Quantcast will set up the initial Authorized Users requested by Company. Each Authorized User must use unique access credentials. Company is required to maintain at least one Authorized User, and access credentials for that user, during the Services. Each Authorized User will have the ability to add new Authorized Users and terminate access for existing Authorized Users. Company may also request that Quantcast add additional Authorized Users (email being sufficient for such requests). Company is solely responsible for all Authorized Users and all activity under its account, including maintaining the confidentiality of its account logins and passwords and shall immediately notify Quantcast in writing of any loss or involuntary disclosure thereof. Company shall ensure that all Authorized Users (a) use Company’s account solely on behalf of Company, as Company is authorized to access and use the Services under these IO Terms, and (b) are aware of, and comply with, all requirements and restrictions described in these IO Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, Company shall be liable for any breach of these IO Terms by any Authorized User.
ii. Subject to these IO Terms, during the term of the IO and for any additional period permitted by Quantcast, Quantcast grants Company a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable and non-sublicensable license to access and use the Platform solely to (a) view campaigns set-up in the Platform as part of the Services, and/or (b) view reports generated by the Services.
iii. Company will ensure that its account information is accurate and current. Quantcast reserves the right to review and, if needed, correct, the information and setup associated with Company’s account and Authorized Users.
iv. Company will not: (a) attempt to circumvent any Platform security measure, (b) share its access credentials, (c) grant direct or indirect access to the Platform to any third-party (other than an Authorized User of Company, if applicable), (d) reproduce, distribute, modify, prepare derivative works of, translate,
and data made available on the Platform, (e) introduce viruses or other malware into the Platform, or (f) share reports generated by the Services with any third-party (other than Company’s own Clients who are obligated to treat such reports confidentially, if applicable).
v.For the avoidance of doubt, Quantcast may collect analytics information about its customers’ use of the Services (e.g., how Authorized Users engage with the Platform user interface, etc.) for purposes of understanding how its customers use the Services and providing, customizing and improving the Services.
n.
Client Data
:
Upon written request from an advertiser client (“
Client
”), Quantcast is authorized to use the Client Data associated with such Client in accordance with their written request (including, without limitation, sharing such Client Data with another entity within the Platform). For clarity, “
Client Data
” means the (i) data Quantcast receives from campaign tag(s) placed by or on behalf of Company or its Clients on websites, apps and/or other digital properties; and (ii) Quantcast’s proprietary analysis of such data. Client Data does not include any predictive models or data segments that Company may have created using the tag data or any campaign performance data generated from campaigns delivered by Company using such Client Data.
o.
Jurisdiction and Venue.
i.
If signed by Quantcast Corp.:
All IOs will be governed by the laws of the state of California. Quantcast and Company (on behalf of itself and its Clients) agree that any claims, legal proceedings, or litigation arising in connection with the IO (including the Terms) will be brought solely and exclusively in the state or federal courts located in the Northern District of California, and the parties consent to the jurisdiction of such courts.
ii.
If
signed
by
Quantcast
International
Limited:
All IOs will be governed by the laws of Ireland. Quantcast and Company (on behalf of itself and its Clients) agree that any claims, legal proceedings, or litigation arising in connection with the IO (including the Terms) will be brought solely and exclusively in Dublin, Ireland, and the parties consent to the jurisdiction of such courts.
iii.
If
signed
by
Quantcast
Australia
Pty
Ltd:
All IOs will be governed by the laws of Australia. Quantcast and Company (on behalf of itself and its Clients) agree that any claims, legal proceedings, or litigation arising in connection with the IO (including the Terms) will be brought solely and exclusively in Sydney, Australia, and the parties consent to the jurisdiction of such courts.
p.
Taxes
:
All charges under these IO Terms are exclusive of all taxes and duties, if any. Company is responsible for and must pay all sales and use or other transactional taxes and duties including interest and penalty imposed on the amounts charged hereunder, or from the performance of these IO Terms for which Quantcast issues an invoice. Company will promptly reimburse Quantcast for any such tax or duty and indemnify Quantcast and hold Quantcast harmless for any such taxes and duties that Quantcast must pay to a tax authority for which Company is responsible. If Company claims a tax exemption, Company must provide Quantcast with appropriate exemption certificates or documentation charges (including, without limitation, VAT or GST) acceptable to tax authorities.
q.
System of Record:
Quantcast is the system of record and is solely responsible for calculating and reporting metrics related to inventory purchases, impressions and all amounts owed under these IO Terms.
r.
Promotion:
Section IX(g) of the 4As Terms is hereby amended by adding the following after the last sentence in Section IX(g): “Notwithstanding all the foregoing, Quantcast may include Agency’s and Advertiser’s names and logos in descriptions of Quantcast’s partners on its website, in media, and in promotional materials.”
s
. Breach by Company:
Without limiting any of Quantcast’s other remedies hereunder, Quantcast may, in its sole discretion, immediately suspend or terminate any individual campaign if Quantcast reasonably suspects that such campaign is in breach or violation of any of Company’s obligations, representations, or warranties set forth in these IO Terms (including, without limitation, any failure to comply with the Campaign Policy).
t.INDEMNIFICATION
: Section X of the 4As Terms is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:
X. MUTUAL
INDEMNITY
a. Quantcast shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Company and its directors, officers, employees and agents (and their respective successors, heirs and assigns) (“
Company Parties
”) against any claim, liability, damage, loss or expense (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs) (“
Liabilities
”) incurred by the Company Parties in connection with any third-party claim (including, for clarity, any regulatory or governmental action) (“
Claim
”) that Quantcast’s proprietary technology that provides the Services, in the form provided by Quantcast, infringes any patent or other third-party intellectual property right. Company shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Quantcast and its directors, officers, employees and agents, its and their respective successors, heirs and assigns (“
Quantcast Parties
”) against any Liabilities incurred by the Quantcast Parties in connection with any Claim arising out of or relating to (a) Company’s (including any Client’s, if applicable) violation of these IO Terms (including the 4As Terms and Policies); (b) Company- provided or Client-provided data or ads; (c) the nature of Company’s or any Client’s products, services and industry, including without limitation any claims in the nature of product liability or any claim or allegation that such services or products are not in compliance with applicable industry-specific laws, or (d) breach of subsection j. (Additional Company Representation and Warranty) above.
b.The indemnified party will promptly notify the indemnifying party of any indemnified claim (provided that failure to notify promptly will only relieve the indemnifying party of its obligations to the extent it demonstrates material prejudice from the failure) and at the indemnifying party’s expense, provide assistance reasonably necessary to defend such claim. The indemnifying party will not enter into any settlement or compromise that does not fully absolve the indemnified party of liability.
c. Quantcast will have no obligation for any claim arising from or related to (a) compliance with Company specifications, (b) combination of the Services with products or services not supplied by Quantcast, if the cause of action would not have arisen otherwise, (c) adaptation or modification of the Services or data, if the cause of action would not have arisen otherwise, (d) Company’s failure to follow instructions provided by Quantcast which would have cured the cause of action, provided that following such instructions would not have caused Company substantial additional cost, or (e) use of the Services or data other than as described herein. In the case of any of the foregoing, Company will indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Quantcast Parties from and against any Liabilities arising directly or indirectly from such claims.
d. In the event that Quantcast’s right to provide the Services is enjoined or in Quantcast’s reasonable opinion is likely to be enjoined, Quantcast may obtain the right to continue providing the Services, replace or modify the Services so that they become non-infringing, or, if such remedies are not reasonably available,
above, Quantcast shall provide Company with as much written notice as reasonably practicable prior to the effective date of such termination. Quantcast’s obligations as stated in this Section X are Quantcast’s sole and exclusive liability to Company and Company’s sole remedies as to infringement of intellectual property rights.”
u. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY: Section XI of the 4As Terms is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the            following:
“
XI. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
QUANTCAST MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE BENEFITS TO COMPANY FROM THE SERVICES, OR THAT THE QUANTCAST PLATFORM OR ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED BY INVENTORY PARTNERS WILL BE ERROR-FREE, ALWAYS AVAILABLE OR OPERATE WITHOUT LOSS OR CORRUPTION OF DATA OR TECHNICAL MALFUNCTION. EXCEPT FOR CLAIMS RELATING TO INDEMNIFICATION, NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING AS A RESULT OF DELAYS, LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OF USE OR LOSS OF PROFIT) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THESE IO TERMS, HOWEVER CAUSED AND UNDER WHATEVER CAUSE OF ACTION OR THEORY OF LIABILITY BROUGHT (INCLUDING CONTRACT OR NEGLIGENCE), EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. NOTHING IN THIS SECTION XI LIMITS ANY LIABILITY FOR FRAUD, FRAUDULENT MISREPRESENTATION, OR ANY OTHER LIABILITY WHICH CANNOT LEGALLY BE LIMITED. EXCEPT FOR CLAIMS RELATING TO PAYMENTS DUE, AND/OR INDEMNIFICATION, IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY’S TOTAL AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR ALL CLAIMS ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THESE IO TERMS EXCEED THE GREATER OF (A) ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND U.S. DOLLARS (US $100,000) OR (B) THE ACTUAL AMOUNT PAID AND/OR PAYABLE TO QUANTCAST FOR THE PROVISION OF SERVICES TO COMPANY IN THE TWELVE
(12) MONTHS PRIOR TO THE DATE THE LIABILITY FIRST AROSE. The parties acknowledge that the limitations and exclusions contained in these IO Terms have been the subject of negotiation between the parties and represent the parties’ agreement based upon the perceived level of risk associated with their respective obligations under these IO Terms and the payments made hereunder.”
v.
Third-Party Services:
To the extent Company receives any services or products of a third party in conjunction with the Services, including without limitation any third-party data provider (each service, a “
Third- Party Service
”), the following additional terms apply. For the avoidance of doubt, these terms are supplementary: they do not replace or limit any other terms and conditions of these IO Terms.
i. Third-Party Services Terms.
Company is solely responsible for complying with any applicable third party terms and conditions of such Third-Party Service in addition to the terms of these IO Terms. Any such third party terms and conditions are as provided to Company in writing by Quantcast or by the relevant third party.
ii. Limitations.
Quantcast does not endorse, is not responsible or liable for, and makes no representations as to any Third-Party Services, including, without limitation, their content or the manner in which they handle, protect, manage or process data, or any interaction between Company and the provider of such Third-Party Service. Quantcast cannot guarantee the continued availability or pricing of such Third-Party Services, or any features thereof, and may cease enabling access to them without liability to Company, if, for example and without limitation, the provider of a Third-Party Service ceases to make the Third-Party Service available for interoperation with the corresponding Service in a manner acceptable to Quantcast. Company irrevocably waives any claim against Quantcast with respect to such Third-Party Services.
Quantcast is not liable for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with Company’s receipt, enablement, access or use of any such Third-Party Services, or Company’s reliance on the privacy practices, data security processes or other policies of such Third-Party Services. Company may be required to register for or log into such Third-Party Services on their respective websites or to share Company-provided or Client-provided data or ads with such Third-Party Services (e.g., services requiring data integration).
iii. LiveRamp Usage Restrictions.
To the extent Company uses any product or service of LiveRamp, Inc. or its subsidiaries (collectively, “LiveRamp”) in connection with the Services outside of a direct agreement between LiveRamp and Company, Company agrees that LiveRamp is an intended third-party beneficiary to these IO Terms, and Company agrees : (a) to authorize LiveRamp to provide its Data Onboarding Service to Company, including to access and download Company’s CRM data for placement of data cookies and delivery of such cookies to Quantcast; (b) to upload all data to LiveRamp’s SFTP site, and not provide such data directly to Quantcast. Company is prohibited from sending Quantcast any Direct Identifiers, or recombining any data it receives from Quantcast with Direct Identifiers; (c) Company will not (i) resell or provide access to LiveRamp’s Data Onboarding Service to anyone except Authorized Users, (ii) reverse engineer, aggregate, or disambiguate any data or technology received from LiveRamp or its services (except as expressly agreed by LiveRamp in writing), (iii) use such service to sell or advertise any products that are sexually- oriented or related to tobacco, illegal gambling, firearms, or any other illegal product; (d) Company will not provide LiveRamp with any data (i) related to an individual’s health or medical condition, sexual orientation, or religion, (ii) of those under age 18 (or age 13 if from Australia), (iii) with attributes that correlate to unique records or individuals, or (iv) for which Company does not own or have rights to, or has not otherwise obtained consent to provide to LiveRamp; and (e) Company additionally warrants that: (y) it will not direct data to any other destination other than Quantcast unless Company has a direct agreement with the entity controlling such destination, and (z) obtained and maintained all required consents under Applicable Privacy Laws for LiveRamp to collect, use and retain personally identifiable information provided to LiveRamp hereunder.
w.
Conflicts, Responsibility, Terminology
:
To the extent of any conflict with the 4As Terms, these IO Terms govern. For the avoidance of doubt, Company is responsible for the actions/inactions of its Clients in connection with this IO and the Services and for ensuring compliance with these IO Terms by its Clients.
i. Any references to “
Customer
” in an IO shall mean Company.
ii.Any references to “
Media Company
” in the 4As Terms and/or an IO shall mean Quantcast.
iii. If Company is an Agency (as defined in the 4As Terms), then all references to “
Agency
” shall mean Company and all references to “
Advertiser
” shall mean Company’s Clients.
iv. If Company is an Advertiser (as defined in the 4As Terms), then references to both “
Agency
” and “
Advertiser
” shall mean Company. For clarity, if there is no Agency then Advertiser takes on all obligations of Agency under the IO and these IO Terms.
Effective January 23rd 2024
to
April 3rd 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Last Updated: September 28, 2023
These Quantcast Advertise Insertion Order Terms & Conditions (“
IO Terms
”) govern the Insertion Orders (“IOs”) that reference these IO Terms. In these IO Terms, the party entering into the IO will be called “
Company
” and the Quantcast entity identified on the relevant Insertion Order will be called “
Quantcast
”. Quantcast will provide the services set forth in the IO and these IO Terms (“
Services
”).
These IO Terms are comprised of the following:
(1) 4A’s/IAB Standard Terms and Conditions for Internet Advertising for Media Buys One Year or Less, Version 3 (“4As Term”)
, located
here
are incorporated herein by reference; and
(2) The
following additional and controlling terms:
a
.Services
: The Services include Quantcast’s campaign management services, including campaign strategy and campaign execution and any other data services, products, features and/or tools provided by Quantcast under an IO or selected via the Platform (as defined below). Quantcast may use the Platform on Company’s behalf to provide the Services, including to (i) purchase inventory, (ii) run campaigns, (iii) build audiences (iv) select additional Services, including Third-Party Services (as defined below). Any selection made by  Quantcast in the Platform on Company’s behalf shall be deemed a selection made by Company for purposes of the IO Terms.
b. Geo-targeting
: Geo-targeting will be agreed to by the parties.
c. Cross-Platform
: All campaigns are served with blended devices (desktop, mobile web, tablet) targeting unless otherwise agreed to by the parties.
d. Payment and
Invoicing
:
i. Payment to be made in the currency identified in the
Campaign Total Budget
(as shown in the IO).
ii. Quantcast will provide monthly invoices electronically.
iii. In the case of non-US placements, the Campaign Total Budget is exclusive of VAT.
iv.Section III(c) of the 4As Terms shall not apply. Company will pay invoices within 30 days of the invoice date. Quantcast reserves the right to charge interest of 2% per month (or the legal maximum, whichever is lower) for late payments. Company will be responsible for reasonable out-of-pocket costs that Quantcast incurs to collect any unpaid invoices.
v. For the avoidance of doubt, Company is solely responsible for all amounts payable for Third-Party Services (defined below) and the cost of placing the AdChoices or similar icon (“
Third-Party Costs
”), whether Quantcast includes such Third-Party Costs on its invoices or Company pays such Third-Party Costs directly. Quantcast reserves the right but not the obligation to place the AdChoices icon (or a similar icon) on Ads that do not already include such icon. Company acknowledges that any Third-Party Costs shown in the Platform
are based on the information Quantcast receives from the third parties and are subject to the final amounts charged by such third parties.
e
.Budget Fluidity for Performance Optimization
:
Quantcast may shift budgets among placements across the entire date range of a campaign in order to optimize performance; provided, that Quantcast stays within the Campaign Total Budget.
f.
Privacy Requirements and Campaign Policy
i. Each party will comply with all applicable laws and regulations (Quantcast in its provision of the Services in the form provided by Quantcast and Company in its use of the Services). Without limiting the foregoing, throughout the term of the IO, the parties agree to adhere to Applicable Privacy Laws and applicable self- regulatory principles, such as the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising (“
DAA
”) or the Network Advertising Initiative Code of Conduct (“
NAI
”). If a change in Applicable Privacy Laws or self- regulatory principles necessitates a change to these IO Terms, the parties will work together in good faith to agree to appropriate revisions. “
Applicable Privacy Laws
” means all applicable international, federal, state, or local laws and regulations relating to personal data or personal information, as may be amended, extended or re-enacted from time to time, such as the EU General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) and any EU Member State laws implementing the GDPR, the UK GDPR and the UK Data Protection Act 2018 (collectively, “
GDPR
”), the e-Privacy Directive (Directive 2002/58/EC) and the UK Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003 (collectively, “
ePD
”) and the California Consumer Privacy Act (Cal. Civ. Code §§ 1798.100 – 1798.199), as amended, including by the California Privacy Rights Act (“CCPA”).
ii. Each party will (a) prominently display a user-friendly, easily-accessible, clear, and comprehensive privacy policy on its website or mobile application that complies with all applicable laws (including Applicable Privacy Laws) and applicable self- regulatory principles; and (b) if and as applicable, provide website or application visitors in its privacy policy (i) notice that its website, application, or service permits data collection for interest-based advertising, (ii) a description of the data collected and the means of collection, and (iii) a link to an industry-standard opt- out mechanism, such as the
NAI
or
DAA
opt out page.
iii. Company will not use the Service with any (a) Direct Identifiers, any special or sensitive categories of personal data as defined by Applicable Privacy Laws, including by placing campaign tags on websites, apps and/or other digital properties whose content reveals special or sensitive categories of personal data of a user, or personal data relating to criminal offenses or criminal convictions; or (b) any data of children, including by placing campaign tags on websites, apps and/or other digital properties directed at children. “Direct Identifier” means any information that identifies a particular individual without additional information, including name, address, mobile number, email address, financial account number or government-issued identifier. Direct Identifiers do not include pseudonymous identifiers such as IP address, cookie ID or other digital identifiers. For purposes of these IO Terms, “children” refers to anyone age 16 or such other age specified by Applicable Privacy Laws under which the processing of personal information is prohibited or requires opt-in or parental consent.
iv. These IO Terms incorporate (i) the
US State Data Privacy Addendum
to the extent that the Services include processing personal information that is subject to U.S. State Privacy Laws (as defined in the foregoing Addendum) and (ii) the
International Data
Privacy Addendum
to the extent that the Services include processing of personal data that is subject to International Privacy Laws (as defined in the foregoing Addendum).
In addition, Company will comply with Quantcast’s then-current
Campaign and Data Policy
and
Privacy Requirements
(collectively the “
Campaign Policy
”). All of the foregoing linked adden
da and policies constitute “Policies” under the 4As Terms.
g.
Viewability
i.
Viewability Calculation
:
Viewability is calculated as the number of in-view impressions divided by the number of vendor-measured, delivered impressions served across the entire campaign. The percentage viewability for measured impressions will be imputed to unmeasured impressions.
ii.
Viewability Goal
:
If specified in the placement(s) on the insertion order, Quantcast will optimize delivery towards the applicable Viewability Goal.
iii.
Viewability Guarantee
:
If specified in the placement(s) on the insertion order, Quantcast will provide the Viewability Guarantee. Such guarantee will only be offered for video placements, Search Powered Audiences, Demographic Audiences, and Data Partner Audiences.
a.
Makegood
. If the Viewability Guarantee is not met, Company’s sole remedy will be Quantcast’s delivery, for a brand campaign, of a number of impressions equal to double the difference between the Viewability Guarantee and the actual viewability delivered. This double makegood will fulfill the stated guarantee, and is not itself subject to a viewability requirement.
b.
Conditions
.
1.Viewability Vendor must be MRC accredited. Other than for MOAT, Company will provide Quantcast with the Viewability Vendor’s daily reporting.
2. Company must raise any viewability dispute within 30 days of the campaign end date.
3. Lowering the viewability requirement during a campaign voids the guarantee.
4. Makegood impressions expire 90 days from the campaign end date.
5. At its discretion, Quantcast may issue a credit memo for the value of makegood impressions.
iv.
vCPM
:
If a placement uses a vCPM pricing model, Company will only be billed for viewable (or “in-view”) impressions (regardless of the percentage of viewability) as reported by the Viewability Vendor (specified in the placement on the IO).
h
.Third-Party Ad Server
:
If Company is using a third-party ad server, Company will provide Quantcast log-in access to each Ad Server listed in the placements above within 24 hours of campaign start date for reporting access (including conversions, if applicable).
j.
Additional Company Representation and Warranty
.
i. Company represents and warrants that it will comply with all applicable laws and has obtained all necessary licensure for performance hereunder, and that Ads will not infringe or violate any applicable laws, ordinances, rules, codes, or regulations (including, without limitation, any industry-specific ethical, professional, or self-regulatory requirements or guidelines, and Applicable Privacy Laws) or the rights of any third party. If Company is an Agency (as defined in the 4As Terms), Company also represents and warrants that it has the authority to bind its Clients to these IO Terms and each IO, and that all of Company’s actions related to these IO Terms and each IO will be within the scope of such agency.
k.
For Placements Priced on a CPA basis.
i.
Company agrees to pay Quantcast for the conversions and click-thru conversions as stated within the applicable placement. The conversion is defined as from both click-thru and view-thru conversions.
I.
IAB Ads.txt Principles
:
Quantcast supports the principles of IAB initiative ads.txt and recommends all publishers adopt ads.txt as soon as possible. For inventory where we crawl a non-empty ads.txt file, Quantcast will only consider buying inventory from authorized sellers.
m.
Advertise Platform Access
:
If Quantcast provides Company with access to Quantcast’s platform (“
Platform
”), the following terms apply:
i. Quantcast may provide individuals authorized by Company (“
Authorized Users
”) with view only access to the Platform. Quantcast will set up the initial Authorized Users requested by Company. Each Authorized User must use unique access credentials. Company is required to maintain at least one Authorized User, and access credentials for that user, during the Services. Each Authorized User will have the ability to add new Authorized Users and terminate access for existing Authorized Users. Company may also request that Quantcast add additional Authorized Users (email being sufficient for such requests). Company is solely responsible for all Authorized Users and all activity under its account, including maintaining the confidentiality of its account logins and passwords and shall immediately notify Quantcast in writing of any loss or involuntary disclosure thereof. Company shall ensure that all Authorized Users (a) use Company’s account solely on behalf of Company, as Company is authorized to access and use the Services under these IO Terms, and (b) are aware of, and comply with, all requirements and restrictions described in these IO Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, Company shall be liable for any breach of these IO Terms by any Authorized User.
ii. Subject to these IO Terms, during the term of the IO and for any additional period permitted by Quantcast, Quantcast grants Company a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable and non-sublicensable license to access and use the Platform solely to (a) view campaigns set-up in the Platform as part of the Services, and/or (b) view reports generated by the Services.
iii. Company will ensure that its account information is accurate and current. Quantcast reserves the right to review and, if needed, correct, the information and setup associated with Company’s account and Authorized Users.
iv. Company will not: (a) attempt to circumvent any Platform security measure, (b) share its access credentials, (c) grant direct or indirect access to the Platform to any third-party (other than an Authorized User of Company, if applicable), (d) reproduce, distribute, modify, prepare derivative works of, translate,
and data made available on the Platform, (e) introduce viruses or other malware into the Platform, or (f) share reports generated by the Services with any third-party (other than Company’s own Clients who are obligated to treat such reports confidentially, if applicable).
v.For the avoidance of doubt, Quantcast may collect analytics information about its customers’ use of the Services (e.g., how Authorized Users engage with the Platform user interface, etc.) for purposes of understanding how its customers use the Services and providing, customizing and improving the Services.
n.
Client Data
:
Upon written request from an advertiser client (“
Client
”), Quantcast is authorized to use the Client Data associated with such Client in accordance with their written request (including, without limitation, sharing such Client Data with another entity within the Platform). For clarity, “
Client Data
” means the (i) data Quantcast receives from campaign tag(s) placed by or on behalf of Company or its Clients on websites, apps and/or other digital properties; and (ii) Quantcast’s proprietary analysis of such data. Client Data does not include any predictive models or data segments that Company may have created using the tag data or any campaign performance data generated from campaigns delivered by Company using such Client Data.
o.
Jurisdiction and Venue.
i.
If signed by Quantcast Corp.:
All IOs will be governed by the laws of the state of California. Quantcast and Company (on behalf of itself and its Clients) agree that any claims, legal proceedings, or litigation arising in connection with the IO (including the Terms) will be brought solely and exclusively in the state or federal courts located in the Northern District of California, and the parties consent to the jurisdiction of such courts.
ii.
If
signed
by
Quantcast
International
Limited:
All IOs will be governed by the laws of Ireland. Quantcast and Company (on behalf of itself and its Clients) agree that any claims, legal proceedings, or litigation arising in connection with the IO (including the Terms) will be brought solely and exclusively in Dublin, Ireland, and the parties consent to the jurisdiction of such courts.
iii.
If
signed
by
Quantcast
Australia
Pty
Ltd:
All IOs will be governed by the laws of Australia. Quantcast and Company (on behalf of itself and its Clients) agree that any claims, legal proceedings, or litigation arising in connection with the IO (including the Terms) will be brought solely and exclusively in Sydney, Australia, and the parties consent to the jurisdiction of such courts.
p.
Taxes
:
All charges under these IO Terms are exclusive of all taxes and duties, if any. Company is responsible for and must pay all sales and use or other transactional taxes and duties including interest and penalty imposed on the amounts charged hereunder, or from the performance of these IO Terms for which Quantcast issues an invoice. Company will promptly reimburse Quantcast for any such tax or duty and indemnify Quantcast and hold Quantcast harmless for any such taxes and duties that Quantcast must pay to a tax authority for which Company is responsible. If Company claims a tax exemption, Company must provide Quantcast with appropriate exemption certificates or documentation charges (including, without limitation, VAT or GST) acceptable to tax authorities.
q.
System of Record:
Quantcast is the system of record and is solely responsible for calculating and reporting metrics related to inventory purchases, impressions and all amounts owed under these IO Terms.
r.
Promotion:
Section IX(g) of the 4As Terms is hereby amended by adding the following after the last sentence in Section IX(g): “Notwithstanding all the foregoing, Quantcast may include Agency’s and Advertiser’s names and logos in descriptions of Quantcast’s partners on its website, in media, and in promotional materials.”
s
. Breach by Company:
Without limiting any of Quantcast’s other remedies hereunder, Quantcast may, in its sole discretion, immediately suspend or terminate any individual campaign if Quantcast reasonably suspects that such campaign is in breach or violation of any of Company’s obligations, representations, or warranties set forth in these IO Terms (including, without limitation, any failure to comply with the Campaign Policy).
t.INDEMNIFICATION
: Section X of the 4As Terms is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:
X. MUTUAL
INDEMNITY
a. Quantcast shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Company and its directors, officers, employees and agents (and their respective successors, heirs and assigns) (“
Company Parties
”) against any claim, liability, damage, loss or expense (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs) (“
Liabilities
”) incurred by the Company Parties in connection with any third-party claim (including, for clarity, any regulatory or governmental action) (“
Claim
”) that Quantcast’s proprietary technology that provides the Services, in the form provided by Quantcast, infringes any patent or other third-party intellectual property right. Company shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Quantcast and its directors, officers, employees and agents, its and their respective successors, heirs and assigns (“
Quantcast Parties
”) against any Liabilities incurred by the Quantcast Parties in connection with any Claim arising out of or relating to (a) Company’s (including any Client’s, if applicable) violation of these IO Terms (including the 4As Terms and Policies); (b) Company- provided or Client-provided data or ads; (c) the nature of Company’s or any Client’s products, services and industry, including without limitation any claims in the nature of product liability or any claim or allegation that such services or products are not in compliance with applicable industry-specific laws, or (d) breach of subsection j. (Additional Company Representation and Warranty) above.
b.The indemnified party will promptly notify the indemnifying party of any indemnified claim (provided that failure to notify promptly will only relieve the indemnifying party of its obligations to the extent it demonstrates material prejudice from the failure) and at the indemnifying party’s expense, provide assistance reasonably necessary to defend such claim. The indemnifying party will not enter into any settlement or compromise that does not fully absolve the indemnified party of liability.
c. Quantcast will have no obligation for any claim arising from or related to (a) compliance with Company specifications, (b) combination of the Services with products or services not supplied by Quantcast, if the cause of action would not have arisen otherwise, (c) adaptation or modification of the Services or data, if the cause of action would not have arisen otherwise, (d) Company’s failure to follow instructions provided by Quantcast which would have cured the cause of action, provided that following such instructions would not have caused Company substantial additional cost, or (e) use of the Services or data other than as described herein. In the case of any of the foregoing, Company will indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Quantcast Parties from and against any Liabilities arising directly or indirectly from such claims.
d. In the event that Quantcast’s right to provide the Services is enjoined or in Quantcast’s reasonable opinion is likely to be enjoined, Quantcast may obtain the right to continue providing the Services, replace or modify the Services so that they become non-infringing, or, if such remedies are not reasonably available,
above, Quantcast shall provide Company with as much written notice as reasonably practicable prior to the effective date of such termination. Quantcast’s obligations as stated in this Section X are Quantcast’s sole and exclusive liability to Company and Company’s sole remedies as to infringement of intellectual property rights.”
u. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY: Section XI of the 4As Terms is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the            following:
“
XI. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
QUANTCAST MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE BENEFITS TO COMPANY FROM THE SERVICES, OR THAT THE QUANTCAST PLATFORM OR ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED BY INVENTORY PARTNERS WILL BE ERROR-FREE, ALWAYS AVAILABLE OR OPERATE WITHOUT LOSS OR CORRUPTION OF DATA OR TECHNICAL MALFUNCTION. EXCEPT FOR CLAIMS RELATING TO INDEMNIFICATION, NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING AS A RESULT OF DELAYS, LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OF USE OR LOSS OF PROFIT) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THESE IO TERMS, HOWEVER CAUSED AND UNDER WHATEVER CAUSE OF ACTION OR THEORY OF LIABILITY BROUGHT (INCLUDING CONTRACT OR NEGLIGENCE), EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. NOTHING IN THIS SECTION XI LIMITS ANY LIABILITY FOR FRAUD, FRAUDULENT MISREPRESENTATION, OR ANY OTHER LIABILITY WHICH CANNOT LEGALLY BE LIMITED. EXCEPT FOR CLAIMS RELATING TO PAYMENTS DUE, AND/OR INDEMNIFICATION, IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY’S TOTAL AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR ALL CLAIMS ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THESE IO TERMS EXCEED THE GREATER OF (A) ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND U.S. DOLLARS (US $100,000) OR (B) THE ACTUAL AMOUNT PAID AND/OR PAYABLE TO QUANTCAST FOR THE PROVISION OF SERVICES TO COMPANY IN THE TWELVE
(12) MONTHS PRIOR TO THE DATE THE LIABILITY FIRST AROSE. The parties acknowledge that the limitations and exclusions contained in these IO Terms have been the subject of negotiation between the parties and represent the parties’ agreement based upon the perceived level of risk associated with their respective obligations under these IO Terms and the payments made hereunder.”
v.
Third-Party Services:
To the extent Company receives any services or products of a third party in conjunction with the Services, including without limitation any third-party data provider (each service, a “
Third- Party Service
”), the following additional terms apply. For the avoidance of doubt, these terms are supplementary: they do not replace or limit any other terms and conditions of these IO Terms.
i. Third-Party Services Terms.
Company is solely responsible for complying with any applicable third party terms and conditions of such Third-Party Service in addition to the terms of these IO Terms. Any such third party terms and conditions are as provided to Company in writing by Quantcast or by the relevant third party.
ii. Limitations.
Quantcast does not endorse, is not responsible or liable for, and makes no representations as to any Third-Party Services, including, without limitation, their content or the manner in which they handle, protect, manage or process data, or any interaction between Company and the provider of such Third-Party Service. Quantcast cannot guarantee the continued availability or pricing of such Third-Party Services, or any features thereof, and may cease enabling access to them without liability to Company, if, for example and without limitation, the provider of a Third-Party Service ceases to make the Third-Party Service available for interoperation with the corresponding Service in a manner acceptable to Quantcast. Company irrevocably waives any claim against Quantcast with respect to such Third-Party Services.
Quantcast is not liable for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with Company’s receipt, enablement, access or use of any such Third-Party Services, or Company’s reliance on the privacy practices, data security processes or other policies of such Third-Party Services. Company may be required to register for or log into such Third-Party Services on their respective websites or to share Company-provided or Client-provided data or ads with such Third-Party Services (e.g., services requiring data integration).
iii. LiveRamp Usage Restrictions.
To the extent Company uses any product or service of LiveRamp, Inc. or its subsidiaries (collectively, “LiveRamp”) in connection with the Services outside of a direct agreement between LiveRamp and Company, Company agrees that LiveRamp is an intended third-party beneficiary to these IO Terms, and Company agrees : (a) to authorize LiveRamp to provide its Data Onboarding Service to Company, including to access and download Company’s CRM data for placement of data cookies and delivery of such cookies to Quantcast; (b) to upload all data to LiveRamp’s SFTP site, and not provide such data directly to Quantcast. Company is prohibited from sending Quantcast any Direct Identifiers, or recombining any data it receives from Quantcast with Direct Identifiers; (c) Company will not (i) resell or provide access to LiveRamp’s Data Onboarding Service to anyone except Authorized Users, (ii) reverse engineer, aggregate, or disambiguate any data or technology received from LiveRamp or its services (except as expressly agreed by LiveRamp in writing), (iii) use such service to sell or advertise any products that are sexually- oriented or related to tobacco, illegal gambling, firearms, or any other illegal product; (d) Company will not provide LiveRamp with any data (i) related to an individual’s health or medical condition, sexual orientation, or religion, (ii) of those under age 18 (or age 13 if from Australia), (iii) with attributes that correlate to unique records or individuals, or (iv) for which Company does not own or have rights to, or has not otherwise obtained consent to provide to LiveRamp; and (e) Company additionally warrants that: (y) it will not direct data to any other destination other than Quantcast unless Company has a direct agreement with the entity controlling such destination, and (z) obtained and maintained all required consents under Applicable Privacy Laws for LiveRamp to collect, use and retain personally identifiable information provided to LiveRamp hereunder.
w.
Conflicts, Responsibility, Terminology
:
To the extent of any conflict with the 4As Terms, these IO Terms govern. For the avoidance of doubt, Company is responsible for the actions/inactions of its Clients in connection with this IO and the Services and for ensuring compliance with these IO Terms by its Clients.
i. Any references to “
Customer
” in an IO shall mean Company.
ii.Any references to “
Media Company
” in the 4As Terms and/or an IO shall mean Quantcast.
iii. If Company is an Agency (as defined in the 4As Terms), then all references to “
Agency
” shall mean Company and all references to “
Advertiser
” shall mean Company’s Clients.
iv. If Company is an Advertiser (as defined in the 4As Terms), then references to both “
Agency
” and “
Advertiser
” shall mean Company. For clarity, if there is no Agency then Advertiser takes on all obligations of Agency under the IO and these IO Terms.
Effective January 23rd 2024
to
January 23rd 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Last Updated: September 28, 2023
These Quantcast Advertise Insertion Order Terms & Conditions (“
IO Terms
”) govern the Insertion Orders (“IOs”) that reference these IO Terms. In these IO Terms, the party entering into the IO will be called “
Company
” and the Quantcast entity identified on the relevant Insertion Order will be called “
Quantcast
”. Quantcast will provide the services set forth in the IO and these IO Terms (“
Services
”).
These IO Terms are comprised of the following:
(1) 4A’s/IAB Standard Terms and Conditions for Internet Advertising for Media Buys One Year or Less, Version 3 (“4As Term”)
, located
here
are incorporated herein by reference; and
(2) The
following additional and controlling terms:
a
.Services
: The Services include Quantcast’s campaign management services, including campaign strategy and campaign execution and any other data services, products, features and/or tools provided by Quantcast under an IO or selected via the Platform (as defined below). Quantcast may use the Platform on Company’s behalf to provide the Services, including to (i) purchase inventory, (ii) run campaigns, (iii) build audiences (iv) select additional Services, including Third-Party Services (as defined below). Any selection made by  Quantcast in the Platform on Company’s behalf shall be deemed a selection made by Company for purposes of the IO Terms.
b. Geo-targeting
: Geo-targeting will be agreed to by the parties.
c. Cross-Platform
: All campaigns are served with blended devices (desktop, mobile web, tablet) targeting unless otherwise agreed to by the parties.
d. Payment and
Invoicing
:
i. Payment to be made in the currency identified in the
Campaign Total Budget
(as shown in the IO).
ii. Quantcast will provide monthly invoices electronically.
iii. In the case of non-US placements, the Campaign Total Budget is exclusive of VAT.
iv.Section III(c) of the 4As Terms shall not apply. Company will pay invoices within 30 days of the invoice date. Quantcast reserves the right to charge interest of 2% per month (or the legal maximum, whichever is lower) for late payments. Company will be responsible for reasonable out-of-pocket costs that Quantcast incurs to collect any unpaid invoices.
v. For the avoidance of doubt, Company is solely responsible for all amounts payable for Third-Party Services (defined below) and the cost of placing the AdChoices or similar icon (“
Third-Party Costs
”), whether Quantcast includes such Third-Party Costs on its invoices or Company pays such Third-Party Costs directly. Quantcast reserves the right but not the obligation to place the AdChoices icon (or a similar icon) on Ads that do not already include such icon. Company acknowledges that any Third-Party Costs shown in the Platform
are based on the information Quantcast receives from the third parties and are subject to the final amounts charged by such third parties.
e
.Budget Fluidity for Performance Optimization
:
Quantcast may shift budgets among placements across the entire date range of a campaign in order to optimize performance; provided, that Quantcast stays within the Campaign Total Budget.
f.
Privacy Requirements and Campaign Policy
i. Each party will comply with all applicable laws and regulations (Quantcast in its provision of the Services in the form provided by Quantcast and Company in its use of the Services). Without limiting the foregoing, throughout the term of the IO, the parties agree to adhere to Applicable Privacy Laws and applicable self- regulatory principles, such as the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising (“
DAA
”) or the Network Advertising Initiative Code of Conduct (“
NAI
”). If a change in Applicable Privacy Laws or self- regulatory principles necessitates a change to these IO Terms, the parties will work together in good faith to agree to appropriate revisions. “
Applicable Privacy Laws
” means all applicable international, federal, state, or local laws and regulations relating to personal data or personal information, as may be amended, extended or re-enacted from time to time, such as the EU General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) and any EU Member State laws implementing the GDPR, the UK GDPR and the UK Data Protection Act 2018 (collectively, “
GDPR
”), the e-Privacy Directive (Directive 2002/58/EC) and the UK Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003 (collectively, “
ePD
”) and the California Consumer Privacy Act (Cal. Civ. Code §§ 1798.100 – 1798.199), as amended, including by the California Privacy Rights Act (“CCPA”).
ii. Each party will (a) prominently display a user-friendly, easily-accessible, clear, and comprehensive privacy policy on its website or mobile application that complies with all applicable laws (including Applicable Privacy Laws) and applicable self- regulatory principles; and (b) if and as applicable, provide website or application visitors in its privacy policy (i) notice that its website, application, or service permits data collection for interest-based advertising, (ii) a description of the data collected and the means of collection, and (iii) a link to an industry-standard opt- out mechanism, such as the
NAI
or
DAA
opt out page.
iii. Company will not use the Service with any (a) Direct Identifiers, any special or sensitive categories of personal data as defined by Applicable Privacy Laws, including by placing campaign tags on websites, apps and/or other digital properties whose content reveals special or sensitive categories of personal data of a user, or personal data relating to criminal offenses or criminal convictions; or (b) any data of children, including by placing campaign tags on websites, apps and/or other digital properties directed at children. “Direct Identifier” means any information that identifies a particular individual without additional information, including name, address, mobile number, email address, financial account number or government-issued identifier. Direct Identifiers do not include pseudonymous identifiers such as IP address, cookie ID or other digital identifiers. For purposes of these IO Terms, “children” refers to anyone age 16 or such other age specified by Applicable Privacy Laws under which the processing of personal information is prohibited or requires opt-in or parental consent.
iv. These IO Terms incorporate the
US State Data Privacy Addendum
to the extent that the Services include processing personal information that is subject to U.S. State Privacy Laws (as defined in the foregoing European Economic Area, the UK or Switzerland, these IO Terms incorporate the
International Data
Privacy Addendum
.
In addition, Company will comply with Quantcast’s then-current
Campaign and Data Policy
and
Privacy Requirements
(collectively the “
Campaign Policy
”). All of the foregoing linked adden
da and policies constitute “Policies” under the 4As Terms.
g.
Viewability
i.
Viewability Calculation
:
Viewability is calculated as the number of in-view impressions divided by the number of vendor-measured, delivered impressions served across the entire campaign. The percentage viewability for measured impressions will be imputed to unmeasured impressions.
ii.
Viewability Goal
:
If specified in the placement(s) on the insertion order, Quantcast will optimize delivery towards the applicable Viewability Goal.
iii.
Viewability Guarantee
:
If specified in the placement(s) on the insertion order, Quantcast will provide the Viewability Guarantee. Such guarantee will only be offered for video placements, Search Powered Audiences, Demographic Audiences, and Data Partner Audiences.
a.
Makegood
. If the Viewability Guarantee is not met, Company’s sole remedy will be Quantcast’s delivery, for a brand campaign, of a number of impressions equal to double the difference between the Viewability Guarantee and the actual viewability delivered. This double makegood will fulfill the stated guarantee, and is not itself subject to a viewability requirement.
b.
Conditions
.
1.Viewability Vendor must be MRC accredited. Other than for MOAT, Company will provide Quantcast with the Viewability Vendor’s daily reporting.
2. Company must raise any viewability dispute within 30 days of the campaign end date.
3. Lowering the viewability requirement during a campaign voids the guarantee.
4. Makegood impressions expire 90 days from the campaign end date.
5. At its discretion, Quantcast may issue a credit memo for the value of makegood impressions.
iv.
vCPM
:
If a placement uses a vCPM pricing model, Company will only be billed for viewable (or “in-view”) impressions (regardless of the percentage of viewability) as reported by the Viewability Vendor (specified in the placement on the IO).
h
.Third-Party Ad Server
:
If Company is using a third-party ad server, Company will provide Quantcast log-in access to each Ad Server listed in the placements above within 24 hours of campaign start date for reporting access (including conversions, if applicable).
j.
Additional Company Representation and Warranty
.
i. Company represents and warrants that it will comply with all applicable laws and has obtained all necessary licensure for performance hereunder, and that Ads will not infringe or violate any applicable laws, ordinances, rules, codes, or regulations (including, without limitation, any industry-specific ethical, professional, or self-regulatory requirements or guidelines, and Applicable Privacy Laws) or the rights of any third party. If Company is an Agency (as defined in the 4As Terms), Company also represents and warrants that it has the authority to bind its Clients to these IO Terms and each IO, and that all of Company’s actions related to these IO Terms and each IO will be within the scope of such agency.
k.
For Placements Priced on a CPA basis.
i.
Company agrees to pay Quantcast for the conversions and click-thru conversions as stated within the applicable placement. The conversion is defined as from both click-thru and view-thru conversions.
I.
IAB Ads.txt Principles
:
Quantcast supports the principles of IAB initiative ads.txt and recommends all publishers adopt ads.txt as soon as possible. For inventory where we crawl a non-empty ads.txt file, Quantcast will only consider buying inventory from authorized sellers.
m.
Advertise Platform Access
:
If Quantcast provides Company with access to Quantcast’s platform (“
Platform
”), the following terms apply:
i. Quantcast may provide individuals authorized by Company (“
Authorized Users
”) with view only access to the Platform. Quantcast will set up the initial Authorized Users requested by Company. Each Authorized User must use unique access credentials. Company is required to maintain at least one Authorized User, and access credentials for that user, during the Services. Each Authorized User will have the ability to add new Authorized Users and terminate access for existing Authorized Users. Company may also request that Quantcast add additional Authorized Users (email being sufficient for such requests). Company is solely responsible for all Authorized Users and all activity under its account, including maintaining the confidentiality of its account logins and passwords and shall immediately notify Quantcast in writing of any loss or involuntary disclosure thereof. Company shall ensure that all Authorized Users (a) use Company’s account solely on behalf of Company, as Company is authorized to access and use the Services under these IO Terms, and (b) are aware of, and comply with, all requirements and restrictions described in these IO Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, Company shall be liable for any breach of these IO Terms by any Authorized User.
ii. Subject to these IO Terms, during the term of the IO and for any additional period permitted by Quantcast, Quantcast grants Company a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable and non-sublicensable license to access and use the Platform solely to (a) view campaigns set-up in the Platform as part of the Services, and/or (b) view reports generated by the Services.
iii. Company will ensure that its account information is accurate and current. Quantcast reserves the right to review and, if needed, correct, the information and setup associated with Company’s account and Authorized Users.
iv. Company will not: (a) attempt to circumvent any Platform security measure, (b) share its access credentials, (c) grant direct or indirect access to the Platform to any third-party (other than an Authorized User of Company, if applicable), (d) reproduce, distribute, modify, prepare derivative works of, translate,
and data made available on the Platform, (e) introduce viruses or other malware into the Platform, or (f) share reports generated by the Services with any third-party (other than Company’s own Clients who are obligated to treat such reports confidentially, if applicable).
v.For the avoidance of doubt, Quantcast may collect analytics information about its customers’ use of the Services (e.g., how Authorized Users engage with the Platform user interface, etc.) for purposes of understanding how its customers use the Services and providing, customizing and improving the Services.
n.
Client Data
:
Upon written request from an advertiser client (“
Client
”), Quantcast is authorized to use the Client Data associated with such Client in accordance with their written request (including, without limitation, sharing such Client Data with another entity within the Platform). For clarity, “
Client Data
” means the (i) data Quantcast receives from campaign tag(s) placed by or on behalf of Company or its Clients on websites, apps and/or other digital properties; and (ii) Quantcast’s proprietary analysis of such data. Client Data does not include any predictive models or data segments that Company may have created using the tag data or any campaign performance data generated from campaigns delivered by Company using such Client Data.
o.
Jurisdiction and Venue.
i.
If signed by Quantcast Corp.:
All IOs will be governed by the laws of the state of California. Quantcast and Company (on behalf of itself and its Clients) agree that any claims, legal proceedings, or litigation arising in connection with the IO (including the Terms) will be brought solely and exclusively in the state or federal courts located in the Northern District of California, and the parties consent to the jurisdiction of such courts.
ii.
If
signed
by
Quantcast
International
Limited:
All IOs will be governed by the laws of Ireland. Quantcast and Company (on behalf of itself and its Clients) agree that any claims, legal proceedings, or litigation arising in connection with the IO (including the Terms) will be brought solely and exclusively in Dublin, Ireland, and the parties consent to the jurisdiction of such courts.
iii.
If
signed
by
Quantcast
Australia
Pty
Ltd:
All IOs will be governed by the laws of Australia. Quantcast and Company (on behalf of itself and its Clients) agree that any claims, legal proceedings, or litigation arising in connection with the IO (including the Terms) will be brought solely and exclusively in Sydney, Australia, and the parties consent to the jurisdiction of such courts.
p.
Taxes
:
All charges under these IO Terms are exclusive of all taxes and duties, if any. Company is responsible for and must pay all sales and use or other transactional taxes and duties including interest and penalty imposed on the amounts charged hereunder, or from the performance of these IO Terms for which Quantcast issues an invoice. Company will promptly reimburse Quantcast for any such tax or duty and indemnify Quantcast and hold Quantcast harmless for any such taxes and duties that Quantcast must pay to a tax authority for which Company is responsible. If Company claims a tax exemption, Company must provide Quantcast with appropriate exemption certificates or documentation charges (including, without limitation, VAT or GST) acceptable to tax authorities.
q.
System of Record:
Quantcast is the system of record and is solely responsible for calculating and reporting metrics related to inventory purchases, impressions and all amounts owed under these IO Terms.
r.
Promotion:
Section IX(g) of the 4As Terms is hereby amended by adding the following after the last sentence in Section IX(g): “Notwithstanding all the foregoing, Quantcast may include Agency’s and Advertiser’s names and logos in descriptions of Quantcast’s partners on its website, in media, and in promotional materials.”
s
. Breach by Company:
Without limiting any of Quantcast’s other remedies hereunder, Quantcast may, in its sole discretion, immediately suspend or terminate any individual campaign if Quantcast reasonably suspects that such campaign is in breach or violation of any of Company’s obligations, representations, or warranties set forth in these IO Terms (including, without limitation, any failure to comply with the Campaign Policy).
t. INDEMNIFICATION
: Section X of the 4As Terms is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:
X. MUTUAL
INDEMNITY
a. Quantcast shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Company and its directors, officers, employees and agents (and their respective successors, heirs and assigns) (“
Company Parties
”) against any claim, liability, damage, loss or expense (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs) (“
Liabilities
”) incurred by the Company Parties in connection with any third-party claim (including, for clarity, any regulatory or governmental action) (“
Claim
”) that Quantcast’s proprietary technology that provides the Services, in the form provided by Quantcast, infringes any patent or other third-party intellectual property right. Company shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Quantcast and its directors, officers, employees and agents, its and their respective successors, heirs and assigns (“
Quantcast Parties
”) against any Liabilities incurred by the Quantcast Parties in connection with any Claim arising out of or relating to (a) Company’s (including any Client’s, if applicable) violation of these IO Terms (including the 4As Terms and Policies); (b) Company- provided or Client-provided data or ads; (c) the nature of Company’s or any Client’s products, services and industry, including without limitation any claims in the nature of product liability or any claim or allegation that such services or products are not in compliance with applicable industry-specific laws, or (d) breach of subsection j. (Additional Company Representation and Warranty) above.
b.The indemnified party will promptly notify the indemnifying party of any indemnified claim (provided that failure to notify promptly will only relieve the indemnifying party of its obligations to the extent it demonstrates material prejudice from the failure) and at the indemnifying party’s expense, provide assistance reasonably necessary to defend such claim. The indemnifying party will not enter into any settlement or compromise that does not fully absolve the indemnified party of liability.
c. Quantcast will have no obligation for any claim arising from or related to (a) compliance with Company specifications, (b) combination of the Services with products or services not supplied by Quantcast, if the cause of action would not have arisen otherwise, (c) adaptation or modification of the Services or data, if the cause of action would not have arisen otherwise, (d) Company’s failure to follow instructions provided by Quantcast which would have cured the cause of action, provided that following such instructions would not have caused Company substantial additional cost, or (e) use of the Services or data other than as described herein. In the case of any of the foregoing, Company will indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Quantcast Parties from and against any Liabilities arising directly or indirectly from such claims.
d. In the event that Quantcast’s right to provide the Services is enjoined or in Quantcast’s reasonable opinion is likely to be enjoined, Quantcast may obtain the right to continue providing the Services, replace or modify the Services so that they become non-infringing, or, if such remedies are not reasonably available,
above, Quantcast shall provide Company with as much written notice as reasonably practicable prior to the effective date of such termination. Quantcast’s obligations as stated in this Section X are Quantcast’s sole and exclusive liability to Company and Company’s sole remedies as to infringement of intellectual property rights.”
u. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY: Section XI of the 4As Terms is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the            following:
“
XI. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
QUANTCAST MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE BENEFITS TO COMPANY FROM THE SERVICES, OR THAT THE QUANTCAST PLATFORM OR ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED BY INVENTORY PARTNERS WILL BE ERROR-FREE, ALWAYS AVAILABLE OR OPERATE WITHOUT LOSS OR CORRUPTION OF DATA OR TECHNICAL MALFUNCTION. EXCEPT FOR CLAIMS RELATING TO INDEMNIFICATION, NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING AS A RESULT OF DELAYS, LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OF USE OR LOSS OF PROFIT) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THESE IO TERMS, HOWEVER CAUSED AND UNDER WHATEVER CAUSE OF ACTION OR THEORY OF LIABILITY BROUGHT (INCLUDING CONTRACT OR NEGLIGENCE), EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. NOTHING IN THIS SECTION XI LIMITS ANY LIABILITY FOR FRAUD, FRAUDULENT MISREPRESENTATION, OR ANY OTHER LIABILITY WHICH CANNOT LEGALLY BE LIMITED. EXCEPT FOR CLAIMS RELATING TO PAYMENTS DUE, AND/OR INDEMNIFICATION, IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY’S TOTAL AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR ALL CLAIMS ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THESE IO TERMS EXCEED THE GREATER OF (A) ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND U.S. DOLLARS (US $100,000) OR (B) THE ACTUAL AMOUNT PAID AND/OR PAYABLE TO QUANTCAST FOR THE PROVISION OF SERVICES TO COMPANY IN THE TWELVE
(12) MONTHS PRIOR TO THE DATE THE LIABILITY FIRST AROSE. The parties acknowledge that the limitations and exclusions contained in these IO Terms have been the subject of negotiation between the parties and represent the parties’ agreement based upon the perceived level of risk associated with their respective obligations under these IO Terms and the payments made hereunder.”
v.
Third-Party Services:
To the extent Company receives any services or products of a third party in conjunction with the Services, including without limitation any third-party data provider (each service, a “
Third- Party Service
”), the following additional terms apply. For the avoidance of doubt, these terms are supplementary: they do not replace or limit any other terms and conditions of these IO Terms.
i. Third-Party Services Terms.
Company is solely responsible for complying with any applicable third party terms and conditions of such Third-Party Service in addition to the terms of these IO Terms. Any such third party terms and conditions are as provided to Company in writing by Quantcast or by the relevant third party.
ii. Limitations.
Quantcast does not endorse, is not responsible or liable for, and makes no representations as to any Third-Party Services, including, without limitation, their content or the manner in which they handle, protect, manage or process data, or any interaction between Company and the provider of such Third-Party Service. Quantcast cannot guarantee the continued availability or pricing of such Third-Party Services, or any features thereof, and may cease enabling access to them without liability to Company, if, for example and without limitation, the provider of a Third-Party Service ceases to make the Third-Party Service available for interoperation with the corresponding Service in a manner acceptable to Quantcast. Company irrevocably waives any claim against Quantcast with respect to such Third-Party Services.
Quantcast is not liable for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with Company’s receipt, enablement, access or use of any such Third-Party Services, or Company’s reliance on the privacy practices, data security processes or other policies of such Third-Party Services. Company may be required to register for or log into such Third-Party Services on their respective websites or to share Company-provided or Client-provided data or ads with such Third-Party Services (e.g., services requiring data integration).
iii. LiveRamp Usage Restrictions.
To the extent Company uses any product or service of LiveRamp, Inc. or its subsidiaries (collectively, “LiveRamp”) in connection with the Services outside of a direct agreement between LiveRamp and Company, Company agrees that LiveRamp is an intended third-party beneficiary to these IO Terms, and Company agrees : (a) to authorize LiveRamp to provide its Data Onboarding Service to Company, including to access and download Company’s CRM data for placement of data cookies and delivery of such cookies to Quantcast; (b) to upload all data to LiveRamp’s SFTP site, and not provide such data directly to Quantcast. Company is prohibited from sending Quantcast any Direct Identifiers, or recombining any data it receives from Quantcast with Direct Identifiers; (c) Company will not (i) resell or provide access to LiveRamp’s Data Onboarding Service to anyone except Authorized Users, (ii) reverse engineer, aggregate, or disambiguate any data or technology received from LiveRamp or its services (except as expressly agreed by LiveRamp in writing), (iii) use such service to sell or advertise any products that are sexually- oriented or related to tobacco, illegal gambling, firearms, or any other illegal product; (d) Company will not provide LiveRamp with any data (i) related to an individual’s health or medical condition, sexual orientation, or religion, (ii) of those under age 18 (or age 13 if from Australia), (iii) with attributes that correlate to unique records or individuals, or (iv) for which Company does not own or have rights to, or has not otherwise obtained consent to provide to LiveRamp; and (e) Company additionally warrants that: (y) it will not direct data to any other destination other than Quantcast unless Company has a direct agreement with the entity controlling such destination, and (z) obtained and maintained all required consents under Applicable Privacy Laws for LiveRamp to collect, use and retain personally identifiable information provided to LiveRamp hereunder.
w.
Conflicts, Responsibility, Terminology
:
To the extent of any conflict with the 4As Terms, these IO Terms govern. For the avoidance of doubt, Company is responsible for the actions/inactions of its Clients in connection with this IO and the Services and for ensuring compliance with these IO Terms by its Clients.
i. Any references to “
Customer
” in an IO shall mean Company.
ii.Any references to “
Media Company
” in the 4As Terms and/or an IO shall mean Quantcast.
iii. If Company is an Agency (as defined in the 4As Terms), then all references to “
Agency
” shall mean Company and all references to “
Advertiser
” shall mean Company’s Clients.
iv. If Company is an Advertiser (as defined in the 4As Terms), then references to both “
Agency
” and “
Advertiser
” shall mean Company. For clarity, if there is no Agency then Advertiser takes on all obligations of Agency under the IO and these IO Terms.
Effective September 11th 2023
to
January 23rd 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Last Updated: August 25, 2023
These Quantcast Advertise Insertion Order Terms & Conditions (“
IO Terms
”) govern the Insertion Orders (“IOs”) that reference these IO Terms. In these IO Terms, the party entering into the IO will be called “
Company
” and the Quantcast entity identified on the relevant Insertion Order will be called “
Quantcast
”. Quantcast will provide the services set forth in the IO and these IO Terms (“
Services
”).
These IO Terms are comprised of the following:
(1) 4A’s/IAB Standard Terms and Conditions for Internet Advertising for Media Buys One Year or Less, Version 3 (“4As Term”)
, located
here
are incorporated herein by reference; and
(2) The
following additional and controlling terms:
a
.Services
: The Services include Quantcast’s campaign management services, including campaign strategy and campaign execution and any other data services, products, features and/or tools provided by Quantcast under an IO or selected via the Platform (as defined below). Quantcast may use the Platform on Company’s behalf to provide the Services, including to (i) purchase inventory, (ii) run campaigns, (iii) build audiences (iv) select additional Services, including Third-Party Services (as defined below). Any selection made by  Quantcast in the Platform on Company’s behalf shall be deemed a selection made by Company for purposes of the IO Terms.
b. Geo-targeting
: Geo-targeting will be agreed to by the parties.
c. Cross-Platform
: All campaigns are served with blended devices (desktop, mobile web, tablet) targeting unless otherwise agreed to by the parties.
d. Payment and
Invoicing
:
i. Payment to be made in the currency identified in the
Campaign Total Budget
(as shown in the IO).
ii. Quantcast will provide monthly invoices electronically.
iii. In the case of non-US placements, the Campaign Total Budget is exclusive of VAT.
iv.Section III(c) of the 4As Terms shall not apply. Company will pay invoices within 30 days of the invoice date. Quantcast reserves the right to charge interest of 2% per month (or the legal maximum, whichever is lower) for late payments. Company will be responsible for reasonable out-of-pocket costs that Quantcast incurs to collect any unpaid invoices.
v. For the avoidance of doubt, Company is solely responsible for all amounts payable for Third-Party Services (defined below) and the cost of placing the AdChoices or similar icon (“
Third-Party Costs
”), whether Quantcast includes such Third-Party Costs on its invoices or Company pays such Third-Party Costs directly. Quantcast reserves the right but not the obligation to place the AdChoices icon (or a similar icon) on Ads that do not already include such icon. Company acknowledges that any Third-Party Costs shown in the Platform
are based on the information Quantcast receives from the third parties and are subject to the final amounts charged by such third parties.
e
.Budget Fluidity for Performance Optimization
:
Quantcast may shift budgets among placements across the entire date range of a campaign in order to optimize performance; provided, that Quantcast stays within the Campaign Total Budget.
f.
Privacy Requirements and Campaign Policy
i. Each party will comply with all applicable laws and regulations (Quantcast in its provision of the Services in the form provided by Quantcast and Company in its use of the Services). Without limiting the foregoing, throughout the term of the IO, the parties agree to adhere to Applicable Privacy Laws and applicable self- regulatory principles, such as the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising (“
DAA
”) or the Network Advertising Initiative Code of Conduct (“
NAI
”). If a change in Applicable Privacy Laws or self- regulatory principles necessitates a change to these IO Terms, the parties will work together in good faith to agree to appropriate revisions. “
Applicable Privacy Laws
” means all applicable international, federal, state, or local laws and regulations relating to personal data or personal information, as may be amended, extended or re-enacted from time to time, such as the EU General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) and any EU Member State laws implementing the GDPR, the UK GDPR and the UK Data Protection Act 2018 (collectively, “
GDPR
”), the e-Privacy Directive (Directive 2002/58/EC) and the UK Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003 (collectively, “
ePD
”) and the California Consumer Privacy Act (Cal. Civ. Code §§ 1798.100 – 1798.199), as amended, including by the California Privacy Rights Act (“CCPA”).
ii. Each party will (a) prominently display a user-friendly, easily-accessible, clear, and comprehensive privacy policy on its website or mobile application that complies with all applicable laws (including Applicable Privacy Laws) and applicable self- regulatory principles; and (b) if and as applicable, provide website or application visitors in its privacy policy (i) notice that its website, application, or service permits data collection for interest-based advertising, (ii) a description of the data collected and the means of collection, and (iii) a link to an industry-standard opt- out mechanism, such as the
NAI
or
DAA
opt out page.
iii. Company will not use the Service with any (a) Direct Identifiers, any special or sensitive categories of personal data as defined by Applicable Privacy Laws, including by placing campaign tags on websites, apps and/or other digital properties whose content reveals special or sensitive categories of personal data of a user, or personal data relating to criminal offenses or criminal convictions; or (b) any data of children, including by placing campaign tags on websites, apps and/or other digital properties directed at children. “Direct Identifier” means any information that identifies a particular individual without additional information, including name, address, mobile number, email address, financial account number or government-issued identifier. Direct Identifiers do not include pseudonymous identifiers such as IP address, cookie ID or other digital identifiers. For purposes of these IO Terms, “children” refers to anyone age 16 or such other age specified by Applicable Privacy Laws under which the processing of personal information is prohibited or requires opt-in or parental consent.
iv. These IO Terms incorporate the
US State Data Privacy Addendum
to the extent that the Services include processing personal information that is subject to U.S. State Privacy Laws (as defined in the foregoing
European Economic Area, the UK or Switzerland, these IO Terms incorporate the
EEA/UK/Swiss Data
Privacy Addendum
. In addition, Company will comply with Quantcast’s then-current
Campaign and Data Policy
and
Privacy Requirements
(collectively the “
Campaign Policy
”). All of the foregoing linked adden
da and policies constitute “Policies” under the 4As Terms.
g.
Viewability
i.
Viewability Calculation
:
Viewability is calculated as the number of in-view impressions divided by the number of vendor-measured, delivered impressions served across the entire campaign. The percentage viewability for measured impressions will be imputed to unmeasured impressions.
ii.
Viewability Goal
:
If specified in the placement(s) on the insertion order, Quantcast will optimize delivery towards the applicable Viewability Goal.
iii.
Viewability Guarantee
:
If specified in the placement(s) on the insertion order, Quantcast will provide the Viewability Guarantee. Such guarantee will only be offered for video placements, Search Powered Audiences, Demographic Audiences, and Data Partner Audiences.
a.
Makegood
. If the Viewability Guarantee is not met, Company’s sole remedy will be Quantcast’s delivery, for a brand campaign, of a number of impressions equal to double the difference between the Viewability Guarantee and the actual viewability delivered. This double makegood will fulfill the stated guarantee, and is not itself subject to a viewability requirement.
b.
Conditions
.
1.Viewability Vendor must be MRC accredited. Other than for MOAT, Company will provide Quantcast with the Viewability Vendor’s daily reporting.
2. Company must raise any viewability dispute within 30 days of the campaign end date.
3. Lowering the viewability requirement during a campaign voids the guarantee.
4. Makegood impressions expire 90 days from the campaign end date.
5. At its discretion, Quantcast may issue a credit memo for the value of makegood impressions.
iv.
vCPM
:
If a placement uses a vCPM pricing model, Company will only be billed for viewable (or “in-view”) impressions (regardless of the percentage of viewability) as reported by the Viewability Vendor (specified in the placement on the IO).
h
.Third-Party Ad Server
:
If Company is using a third-party ad server, Company will provide Quantcast log-in access to each Ad Server listed in the placements above within 24 hours of campaign start date for reporting access (including conversions, if applicable).
j.
Additional Company Representation and Warranty
.
i. Company represents and warrants that it will comply with all applicable laws and has obtained all necessary licensure for performance hereunder, and that Ads will not infringe or violate any applicable laws, ordinances, rules, codes, or regulations (including, without limitation, any industry-specific ethical, professional, or self-regulatory requirements or guidelines, and Applicable Privacy Laws) or the rights of any third party. If Company is an Agency (as defined in the 4As Terms), Company also represents and warrants that it has the authority to bind its Clients to these IO Terms and each IO, and that all of Company’s actions related to these IO Terms and each IO will be within the scope of such agency.
k.
For Placements Priced on a CPA basis.
i.
Company agrees to pay Quantcast for the conversions and click-thru conversions as stated within the applicable placement. The conversion is defined as from both click-thru and view-thru conversions.
I.
IAB Ads.txt Principles
:
Quantcast supports the principles of IAB initiative ads.txt and recommends all publishers adopt ads.txt as soon as possible. For inventory where we crawl a non-empty ads.txt file, Quantcast will only consider buying inventory from authorized sellers.
m.
Advertise Platform Access
:
If Quantcast provides Company with access to Quantcast’s platform (“
Platform
”), the following terms apply:
i. Quantcast may provide individuals authorized by Company (“
Authorized Users
”) with view only access to the Platform. Quantcast will set up the initial Authorized Users requested by Company. Each Authorized User must use unique access credentials. Company is required to maintain at least one Authorized User, and access credentials for that user, during the Services. Each Authorized User will have the ability to add new Authorized Users and terminate access for existing Authorized Users. Company may also request that Quantcast add additional Authorized Users (email being sufficient for such requests). Company is solely responsible for all Authorized Users and all activity under its account, including maintaining the confidentiality of its account logins and passwords and shall immediately notify Quantcast in writing of any loss or involuntary disclosure thereof. Company shall ensure that all Authorized Users (a) use Company’s account solely on behalf of Company, as Company is authorized to access and use the Services under these IO Terms, and (b) are aware of, and comply with, all requirements and restrictions described in these IO Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, Company shall be liable for any breach of these IO Terms by any Authorized User.
ii. Subject to these IO Terms, during the term of the IO and for any additional period permitted by Quantcast, Quantcast grants Company a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable and non-sublicensable license to access and use the Platform solely to (a) view campaigns set-up in the Platform as part of the Services, and/or (b) view reports generated by the Services.
iii. Company will ensure that its account information is accurate and current. Quantcast reserves the right to review and, if needed, correct, the information and setup associated with Company’s account and Authorized Users.
iv. Company will not: (a) attempt to circumvent any Platform security measure, (b) share its access credentials, (c) grant direct or indirect access to the Platform to any third-party (other than an Authorized User of Company, if applicable), (d) reproduce, distribute, modify, prepare derivative works of, translate,
and data made available on the Platform, (e) introduce viruses or other malware into the Platform, or (f) share reports generated by the Services with any third-party (other than Company’s own Clients who are obligated to treat such reports confidentially, if applicable).
v.For the avoidance of doubt, Quantcast may collect analytics information about its customers’ use of the Services (e.g., how Authorized Users engage with the Platform user interface, etc.) for purposes of understanding how its customers use the Services and providing, customizing and improving the Services.
n.
Client Data
:
Upon written request from an advertiser client (“
Client
”), Quantcast is authorized to use the Client Data associated with such Client in accordance with their written request (including, without limitation, sharing such Client Data with another entity within the Platform). For clarity, “
Client Data
” means the (i) data Quantcast receives from campaign tag(s) placed by or on behalf of Company or its Clients on websites, apps and/or other digital properties; and (ii) Quantcast’s proprietary analysis of such data. Client Data does not include any predictive models or data segments that Company may have created using the tag data or any campaign performance data generated from campaigns delivered by Company using such Client Data.
o.
Jurisdiction and Venue.
i.
If signed by Quantcast Corp.:
All IOs will be governed by the laws of the state of California. Quantcast and Company (on behalf of itself and its Clients) agree that any claims, legal proceedings, or litigation arising in connection with the IO (including the Terms) will be brought solely and exclusively in the state or federal courts located in the Northern District of California, and the parties consent to the jurisdiction of such courts.
ii.
If
signed
by
Quantcast
International
Limited:
All IOs will be governed by the laws of Ireland. Quantcast and Company (on behalf of itself and its Clients) agree that any claims, legal proceedings, or litigation arising in connection with the IO (including the Terms) will be brought solely and exclusively in Dublin, Ireland, and the parties consent to the jurisdiction of such courts.
iii.
If
signed
by
Quantcast
Australia
Pty
Ltd:
All IOs will be governed by the laws of Australia. Quantcast and Company (on behalf of itself and its Clients) agree that any claims, legal proceedings, or litigation arising in connection with the IO (including the Terms) will be brought solely and exclusively in Sydney, Australia, and the parties consent to the jurisdiction of such courts.
p.
Taxes
:
All charges under these IO Terms are exclusive of all taxes and duties, if any. Company is responsible for and must pay all sales and use or other transactional taxes and duties including interest and penalty imposed on the amounts charged hereunder, or from the performance of these IO Terms for which Quantcast issues an invoice. Company will promptly reimburse Quantcast for any such tax or duty and indemnify Quantcast and hold Quantcast harmless for any such taxes and duties that Quantcast must pay to a tax authority for which Company is responsible. If Company claims a tax exemption, Company must provide Quantcast with appropriate exemption certificates or documentation charges (including, without limitation, VAT or GST) acceptable to tax authorities.
q.
System of Record:
Quantcast is the system of record and is solely responsible for calculating and reporting metrics related to inventory purchases, impressions and all amounts owed under these IO Terms.
r.
Promotion:
Section IX(g) of the 4As Terms is hereby amended by adding the following after the last sentence in Section IX(g): “Notwithstanding all the foregoing, Quantcast may include Agency’s and Advertiser’s names and logos in descriptions of Quantcast’s partners on its website, in media, and in promotional materials.”
s
. Breach by Company:
Without limiting any of Quantcast’s other remedies hereunder, Quantcast may, in its sole discretion, immediately suspend or terminate any individual campaign if Quantcast reasonably suspects that such campaign is in breach or violation of any of Company’s obligations, representations, or warranties set forth in these IO Terms (including, without limitation, any failure to comply with the Campaign Policy).
t. INDEMNIFICATION
: Section X of the 4As Terms is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:
X. MUTUAL
INDEMNITY
a. Quantcast shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Company and its directors, officers, employees and agents (and their respective successors, heirs and assigns) (“
Company Parties
”) against any claim, liability, damage, loss or expense (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs) (“
Liabilities
”) incurred by the Company Parties in connection with any third-party claim (including, for clarity, any regulatory or governmental action) (“
Claim
”) that Quantcast’s proprietary technology that provides the Services, in the form provided by Quantcast, infringes any patent or other third-party intellectual property right. Company shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Quantcast and its directors, officers, employees and agents, its and their respective successors, heirs and assigns (“
Quantcast Parties
”) against any Liabilities incurred by the Quantcast Parties in connection with any Claim arising out of or relating to (a) Company’s (including any Client’s, if applicable) violation of these IO Terms (including the 4As Terms and Policies); (b) Company- provided or Client-provided data or ads; (c) the nature of Company’s or any Client’s products, services and industry, including without limitation any claims in the nature of product liability or any claim or allegation that such services or products are not in compliance with applicable industry-specific laws, or (d) breach of subsection j. (Additional Company Representation and Warranty) above.
b.The indemnified party will promptly notify the indemnifying party of any indemnified claim (provided that failure to notify promptly will only relieve the indemnifying party of its obligations to the extent it demonstrates material prejudice from the failure) and at the indemnifying party’s expense, provide assistance reasonably necessary to defend such claim. The indemnifying party will not enter into any settlement or compromise that does not fully absolve the indemnified party of liability.
c. Quantcast will have no obligation for any claim arising from or related to (a) compliance with Company specifications, (b) combination of the Services with products or services not supplied by Quantcast, if the cause of action would not have arisen otherwise, (c) adaptation or modification of the Services or data, if the cause of action would not have arisen otherwise, (d) Company’s failure to follow instructions provided by Quantcast which would have cured the cause of action, provided that following such instructions would not have caused Company substantial additional cost, or (e) use of the Services or data other than as described herein. In the case of any of the foregoing, Company will indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Quantcast Parties from and against any Liabilities arising directly or indirectly from such claims.
d. In the event that Quantcast’s right to provide the Services is enjoined or in Quantcast’s reasonable opinion is likely to be enjoined, Quantcast may obtain the right to continue providing the Services, replace or modify the Services so that they become non-infringing, or, if such remedies are not reasonably available,
above, Quantcast shall provide Company with as much written notice as reasonably practicable prior to the effective date of such termination. Quantcast’s obligations as stated in this Section X are Quantcast’s sole and exclusive liability to Company and Company’s sole remedies as to infringement of intellectual property rights.”
u. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY: Section XI of the 4As Terms is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the            following:
“
XI. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
QUANTCAST MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE BENEFITS TO COMPANY FROM THE SERVICES, OR THAT THE QUANTCAST PLATFORM OR ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED BY INVENTORY PARTNERS WILL BE ERROR-FREE, ALWAYS AVAILABLE OR OPERATE WITHOUT LOSS OR CORRUPTION OF DATA OR TECHNICAL MALFUNCTION. EXCEPT FOR CLAIMS RELATING TO INDEMNIFICATION, NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING AS A RESULT OF DELAYS, LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OF USE OR LOSS OF PROFIT) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THESE IO TERMS, HOWEVER CAUSED AND UNDER WHATEVER CAUSE OF ACTION OR THEORY OF LIABILITY BROUGHT (INCLUDING CONTRACT OR NEGLIGENCE), EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. NOTHING IN THIS SECTION XI LIMITS ANY LIABILITY FOR FRAUD, FRAUDULENT MISREPRESENTATION, OR ANY OTHER LIABILITY WHICH CANNOT LEGALLY BE LIMITED. EXCEPT FOR CLAIMS RELATING TO PAYMENTS DUE, AND/OR INDEMNIFICATION, IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY’S TOTAL AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR ALL CLAIMS ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THESE IO TERMS EXCEED THE GREATER OF (A) ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND U.S. DOLLARS (US $100,000) OR (B) THE ACTUAL AMOUNT PAID AND/OR PAYABLE TO QUANTCAST FOR THE PROVISION OF SERVICES TO COMPANY IN THE TWELVE
(12) MONTHS PRIOR TO THE DATE THE LIABILITY FIRST AROSE. The parties acknowledge that the limitations and exclusions contained in these IO Terms have been the subject of negotiation between the parties and represent the parties’ agreement based upon the perceived level of risk associated with their respective obligations under these IO Terms and the payments made hereunder.”
v.
Third-Party Services:
To the extent Company receives any services or products of a third party in conjunction with the Services, including without limitation any third-party data provider (each service, a “
Third- Party Service
”), the following additional terms apply. For the avoidance of doubt, these terms are supplementary: they do not replace or limit any other terms and conditions of these IO Terms.
i. Third-Party Services Terms.
Company is solely responsible for complying with any applicable third party terms and conditions of such Third-Party Service in addition to the terms of these IO Terms. Any such third party terms and conditions are as provided to Company in writing by Quantcast or by the relevant third party.
ii. Limitations.
Quantcast does not endorse, is not responsible or liable for, and makes no representations as to any Third-Party Services, including, without limitation, their content or the manner in which they handle, protect, manage or process data, or any interaction between Company and the provider of such Third-Party Service. Quantcast cannot guarantee the continued availability or pricing of such Third-Party Services, or any features thereof, and may cease enabling access to them without liability to Company, if, for example and without limitation, the provider of a Third-Party Service ceases to make the Third-Party Service available for interoperation with the corresponding Service in a manner acceptable to Quantcast. Company irrevocably waives any claim against Quantcast with respect to such Third-Party Services.
Quantcast is not liable for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with Company’s receipt, enablement, access or use of any such Third-Party Services, or Company’s reliance on the privacy practices, data security processes or other policies of such Third-Party Services. Company may be required to register for or log into such Third-Party Services on their respective websites or to share Company-provided or Client-provided data or ads with such Third-Party Services (e.g., services requiring data integration).
iii. LiveRamp Usage Restrictions.
To the extent Company uses any product or service of LiveRamp, Inc. or its subsidiaries (collectively, “LiveRamp”) in connection with the Services outside of a direct agreement between LiveRamp and Company, Company agrees that LiveRamp is an intended third-party beneficiary to these IO Terms, and Company agrees : (a) to authorize LiveRamp to provide its Data Onboarding Service to Company, including to access and download Company’s CRM data for placement of data cookies and delivery of such cookies to Quantcast; (b) to upload all data to LiveRamp’s SFTP site, and not provide such data directly to Quantcast. Company is prohibited from sending Quantcast any Direct Identifiers, or recombining any data it receives from Quantcast with Direct Identifiers; (c) Company will not (i) resell or provide access to LiveRamp’s Data Onboarding Service to anyone except Authorized Users, (ii) reverse engineer, aggregate, or disambiguate any data or technology received from LiveRamp or its services (except as expressly agreed by LiveRamp in writing), (iii) use such service to sell or advertise any products that are sexually- oriented or related to tobacco, illegal gambling, firearms, or any other illegal product; (d) Company will not provide LiveRamp with any data (i) related to an individual’s health or medical condition, sexual orientation, or religion, (ii) of those under age 18 (or age 13 if from Australia), (iii) with attributes that correlate to unique records or individuals, or (iv) for which Company does not own or have rights to, or has not otherwise obtained consent to provide to LiveRamp; and (e) Company additionally warrants that: (y) it will not direct data to any other destination other than Quantcast unless Company has a direct agreement with the entity controlling such destination, and (z) obtained and maintained all required consents under Applicable Privacy Laws for LiveRamp to collect, use and retain personally identifiable information provided to LiveRamp hereunder.
w.
Conflicts, Responsibility, Terminology
:
To the extent of any conflict with the 4As Terms, these IO Terms govern. For the avoidance of doubt, Company is responsible for the actions/inactions of its Clients in connection with this IO and the Services and for ensuring compliance with these IO Terms by its Clients.
i. Any references to “
Customer
” in an IO shall mean Company.
ii.Any references to “
Media Company
” in the 4As Terms and/or an IO shall mean Quantcast.
iii. If Company is an Agency (as defined in the 4As Terms), then all references to “
Agency
” shall mean Company and all references to “
Advertiser
” shall mean Company’s Clients.
iv. If Company is an Advertiser (as defined in the 4As Terms), then references to both “
Agency
” and “
Advertiser
” shall mean Company. For clarity, if there is no Agency then Advertiser takes on all obligations of Agency under the IO and these IO Terms.
Effective September 11th 2023
to
September 11th 2023
Download
Table of Contents
Last Updated: August 25, 2023
These Quantcast Advertise Insertion Order Terms & Conditions (“
IO Terms
”) govern the Insertion Orders (“IOs”) that reference these IO Terms. In these IO Terms, the party entering into the IO will be called “
Company
” and the Quantcast entity identified on the relevant Insertion Order will be called “
Quantcast
”. Quantcast will provide the services set forth in the IO and these IO Terms (“
Services
”).
These IO Terms are comprised of the following:
(1) 4A’s/IAB Standard Terms and Conditions for Internet Advertising for Media Buys One Year or Less, Version 3 (“4As Term”)
, located
here
are incorporated herein by reference; and
(2) The
following additional and controlling terms:
a
.Services
: The Services include Quantcast’s campaign management services, including campaign strategy and campaign execution and any other data services, products, features and/or tools provided by Quantcast under an IO or selected via the Platform (as defined below). Quantcast may use the Platform on Company’s behalf to provide the Services, including to (i) purchase inventory, (ii) run campaigns, (iii) build audiences (iv) select additional Services, including Third-Party Services (as defined below). Any selection made by  Quantcast in the Platform on Company’s behalf shall be deemed a selection made by Company for purposes of the IO Terms.
b. Geo-targeting
: Geo-targeting will be agreed to by the parties.
c. Cross-Platform
: All campaigns are served with blended devices (desktop, mobile web, tablet) targeting unless otherwise agreed to by the parties.
d. Payment and
Invoicing
:
i. Payment to be made in the currency identified in the
Campaign Total Budget
(as shown in the IO).
ii. Quantcast will provide monthly invoices electronically.
iii. In the case of non-US placements, the Campaign Total Budget is exclusive of VAT.
iv.Section III(c) of the 4As Terms shall not apply. Company will pay invoices within 30 days of the invoice date. Quantcast reserves the right to charge interest of 2% per month (or the legal maximum, whichever is lower) for late payments. Company will be responsible for reasonable out-of-pocket costs that Quantcast incurs to collect any unpaid invoices.
v. For the avoidance of doubt, Company is solely responsible for all amounts payable for Third-Party Services (defined below) and the cost of placing the AdChoices or similar icon (“
Third-Party Costs
”), whether Quantcast includes such Third-Party Costs on its invoices or Company pays such Third-Party Costs directly. Quantcast reserves the right but not the obligation to place the AdChoices icon (or a similar icon) on Ads that do not already include such icon. Company acknowledges that any Third-Party Costs shown in the Platform
are based on the information Quantcast receives from the third parties and are subject to the final amounts charged by such third parties.
e
.Budget Fluidity for Performance Optimization
:
Quantcast may shift budgets among placements across the entire date range of a campaign in order to optimize performance; provided, that Quantcast stays within the Campaign Total Budget.
f.
Privacy Requirements and Campaign Policy
i. Each party will comply with all applicable laws and regulations (Quantcast in its provision of the Services in the form provided by Quantcast and Company in its use of the Services). Without limiting the foregoing, throughout the term of the IO, the parties agree to adhere to Applicable Privacy Laws and applicable self- regulatory principles, such as the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising (“
DAA
”) or the Network Advertising Initiative Code of Conduct (“
NAI
”). If a change in Applicable Privacy Laws or self- regulatory principles necessitates a change to these IO Terms, the parties will work together in good faith to agree to appropriate revisions. “
Applicable Privacy Laws
” means all applicable international, federal, state, or local laws and regulations relating to personal data or personal information, as may be amended, extended or re-enacted from time to time, such as the EU General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) and any EU Member State laws implementing the GDPR, the UK GDPR and the UK Data Protection Act 2018 (collectively, “
GDPR
”), the e-Privacy Directive (Directive 2002/58/EC) and the UK Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003 (collectively, “
ePD
”) and the California Consumer Privacy Act (Cal. Civ. Code §§ 1798.100 – 1798.199), as amended, including by the California Privacy Rights Act (“CCPA”).
ii. Each party will (a) prominently display a user-friendly, easily-accessible, clear, and comprehensive privacy policy on its website or mobile application that complies with all applicable laws (including Applicable Privacy Laws) and applicable self- regulatory principles; and (b) if and as applicable, provide website or application visitors in its privacy policy (i) notice that its website, application, or service permits data collection for interest-based advertising, (ii) a description of the data collected and the means of collection, and (iii) a link to an industry-standard opt- out mechanism, such as the
NAI
or
DAA
opt out page.
iii. Company will not use the Service with any (a) Direct Identifiers, any special or sensitive categories of personal data as defined by Applicable Privacy Laws, including by placing campaign tags on websites, apps and/or other digital properties whose content reveals special or sensitive categories of personal data of a user, or personal data relating to criminal offenses or criminal convictions; or (b) any data of children, including by placing campaign tags on websites, apps and/or other digital properties directed at children. “Direct Identifier” means any information that identifies a particular individual without additional information, including name, address, mobile number, email address, financial account number or government-issued identifier. Direct Identifiers do not include pseudonymous identifiers such as IP address, cookie ID or other digital identifiers. For purposes of these IO Terms, “children” refers to anyone age 16 or such other age specified by Applicable Privacy Laws under which the processing of personal information is prohibited or requires opt-in or parental consent.
iv. These IO Terms incorporate the
US State Data Privacy Addendum
to the extent that the Services include processing personal information that is subject to U.S. State Privacy Laws (as defined in the foregoing
European Economic Area, the UK or Switzerland, these IO Terms incorporate the
EEA/UK/Swiss Data
Privacy Addendum
. In addition, Company will comply with Quantcast’s then-current
Campaign and Data Policy
and
Privacy Requirements
(collectively the “
Campaign Policy
”). All of the foregoing linked adden
da and policies constitute “Policies” under the 4As Terms.
g.
Viewability
i.
Viewability Calculation
:
Viewability is calculated as the number of in-view impressions divided by the number of vendor-measured, delivered impressions served across the entire campaign. The percentage viewability for measured impressions will be imputed to unmeasured impressions.
ii.
Viewability Goal
:
If specified in the placement(s) on the insertion order, Quantcast will optimize delivery towards the applicable Viewability Goal.
iii.
Viewability Guarantee
:
If specified in the placement(s) on the insertion order, Quantcast will provide the Viewability Guarantee. Such guarantee will only be offered for video placements, Search Powered Audiences, Demographic Audiences, and Data Partner Audiences.
a.
Makegood
. If the Viewability Guarantee is not met, Company’s sole remedy will be Quantcast’s delivery, for a brand campaign, of a number of impressions equal to double the difference between the Viewability Guarantee and the actual viewability delivered. This double makegood will fulfill the stated guarantee, and is not itself subject to a viewability requirement.
b.
Conditions
.
1.Viewability Vendor must be MRC accredited. Other than for MOAT, Company will provide Quantcast with the Viewability Vendor’s daily reporting.
2. Company must raise any viewability dispute within 30 days of the campaign end date.
3. Lowering the viewability requirement during a campaign voids the guarantee.
4. Makegood impressions expire 90 days from the campaign end date.
5. At its discretion, Quantcast may issue a credit memo for the value of makegood impressions.
iv.
vCPM
:
If a placement uses a vCPM pricing model, Company will only be billed for viewable (or “in-view”) impressions (regardless of the percentage of viewability) as reported by the Viewability Vendor (specified in the placement on the IO).
h
.Third-Party Ad Server
:
If Company is using a third-party ad server, Company will provide Quantcast log-in access to each Ad Server listed in the placements above within 24 hours of campaign start date for reporting access (including conversions, if applicable).
j.
Additional Company Representation and Warranty
.
i. Company represents and warrants that it will comply with all applicable laws and has obtained all necessary licensure for performance hereunder, and that Ads will not infringe or violate any applicable laws, ordinances, rules, codes, or regulations (including, without limitation, any industry-specific ethical, professional, or self-regulatory requirements or guidelines, and Applicable Privacy Laws) or the rights of any third party. If Company is an Agency (as defined in the 4As Terms), Company also represents and warrants that it has the authority to bind its Clients to these IO Terms and each IO, and that all of Company’s actions related to these IO Terms and each IO will be within the scope of such agency.
k.
For Placements Priced on a CPA basis.
i.
Company agrees to pay Quantcast for the conversions and click-thru conversions as stated within the applicable placement. The conversion is defined as from both click-thru and view-thru conversions.
I.
IAB Ads.txt Principles
:
Quantcast supports the principles of IAB initiative ads.txt and recommends all publishers adopt ads.txt as soon as possible. For inventory where we crawl a non-empty ads.txt file, Quantcast will only consider buying inventory from authorized sellers.
m.
Advertise Platform Access
:
If Quantcast provides Company with access to Quantcast’s platform (“
Platform
”), the following terms apply:
i. Quantcast may provide individuals authorized by Company (“
Authorized Users
”) with view only access to the Platform. Quantcast will set up the initial Authorized Users requested by Company. Each Authorized User must use unique access credentials. Company is required to maintain at least one Authorized User, and access credentials for that user, during the Services. Each Authorized User will have the ability to add new Authorized Users and terminate access for existing Authorized Users. Company may also request that Quantcast add additional Authorized Users (email being sufficient for such requests). Company is solely responsible for all Authorized Users and all activity under its account, including maintaining the confidentiality of its account logins and passwords and shall immediately notify Quantcast in writing of any loss or involuntary disclosure thereof. Company shall ensure that all Authorized Users (a) use Company’s account solely on behalf of Company, as Company is authorized to access and use the Services under these IO Terms, and (b) are aware of, and comply with, all requirements and restrictions described in these IO Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, Company shall be liable for any breach of these IO Terms by any Authorized User.
ii. Subject to these IO Terms, during the term of the IO and for any additional period permitted by Quantcast, Quantcast grants Company a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable and non-sublicensable license to access and use the Platform solely to (a) view campaigns set-up in the Platform as part of the Services, and/or (b) view reports generated by the Services.
iii. Company will ensure that its account information is accurate and current. Quantcast reserves the right to review and, if needed, correct, the information and setup associated with Company’s account and Authorized Users.
iv. Company will not: (a) attempt to circumvent any Platform security measure, (b) share its access credentials, (c) grant direct or indirect access to the Platform to any third-party (other than an Authorized User of Company, if applicable), (d) reproduce, distribute, modify, prepare derivative works of, translate,
and data made available on the Platform, (e) introduce viruses or other malware into the Platform, or (f) share reports generated by the Services with any third-party (other than Company’s own Clients who are obligated to treat such reports confidentially, if applicable).
v.For the avoidance of doubt, Quantcast may collect analytics information about its customers’ use of the Services (e.g., how Authorized Users engage with the Platform user interface, etc.) for purposes of understanding how its customers use the Services and providing, customizing and improving the Services.
n.
Client Data
:
Upon written request from an advertiser client (“
Client
”), Quantcast is authorized to use the Client Data associated with such Client in accordance with their written request (including, without limitation, sharing such Client Data with another entity within the Platform). For clarity, “
Client Data
” means the (i) data Quantcast receives from campaign tag(s) placed by or on behalf of Company or its Clients on websites, apps and/or other digital properties; and (ii) Quantcast’s proprietary analysis of such data. Client Data does not include any predictive models or data segments that Company may have created using the tag data or any campaign performance data generated from campaigns delivered by Company using such Client Data.
o.
Jurisdiction and Venue.
i.
If signed by Quantcast Corp.:
All IOs will be governed by the laws of the state of California. Quantcast and Company (on behalf of itself and its Clients) agree that any claims, legal proceedings, or litigation arising in connection with the IO (including the Terms) will be brought solely and exclusively in the state or federal courts located in the Northern District of California, and the parties consent to the jurisdiction of such courts.
ii.
If
signed
by
Quantcast
International
Limited:
All IOs will be governed by the laws of Ireland. Quantcast and Company (on behalf of itself and its Clients) agree that any claims, legal proceedings, or litigation arising in connection with the IO (including the Terms) will be brought solely and exclusively in Dublin, Ireland, and the parties consent to the jurisdiction of such courts.
iii.
If
signed
by
Quantcast
Australia
Pty
Ltd:
All IOs will be governed by the laws of Australia. Quantcast and Company (on behalf of itself and its Clients) agree that any claims, legal proceedings, or litigation arising in connection with the IO (including the Terms) will be brought solely and exclusively in Sydney, Australia, and the parties consent to the jurisdiction of such courts.
p.
Taxes
:
All charges under these IO Terms are exclusive of all taxes and duties, if any. Company is responsible for and must pay all sales and use or other transactional taxes and duties including interest and penalty imposed on the amounts charged hereunder, or from the performance of these IO Terms for which Quantcast issues an invoice. Company will promptly reimburse Quantcast for any such tax or duty and indemnify Quantcast and hold Quantcast harmless for any such taxes and duties that Quantcast must pay to a tax authority for which Company is responsible. If Company claims a tax exemption, Company must provide Quantcast with appropriate exemption certificates or documentation charges (including, without limitation, VAT or GST) acceptable to tax authorities.
q.
System of Record:
Quantcast is the system of record and is solely responsible for calculating and reporting metrics related to inventory purchases, impressions and all amounts owed under these IO Terms.
r.
Promotion:
Section IX(g) of the 4As Terms is hereby amended by adding the following after the last sentence in Section IX(g): “Notwithstanding all the foregoing, Quantcast may include Agency’s and Advertiser’s names and logos in descriptions of Quantcast’s partners on its website, in media, and in promotional materials.”
s
. Breach by Company:
Without limiting any of Quantcast’s other remedies hereunder, Quantcast may, in its sole discretion, immediately suspend or terminate any individual campaign if Quantcast reasonably suspects that such campaign is in breach or violation of any of Company’s obligations, representations, or warranties set forth in these IO Terms (including, without limitation, any failure to comply with the Campaign Policy).
t. INDEMNIFICATION
: Section X of the 4As Terms is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:
X. MUTUAL
INDEMNITY
a. Quantcast shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Company and its directors, officers, employees and agents (and their respective successors, heirs and assigns) (“
Company Parties
”) against any claim, liability, damage, loss or expense (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs) (“
Liabilities
”) incurred by the Company Parties in connection with any third-party claim (including, for clarity, any regulatory or governmental action) (“
Claim
”) that Quantcast’s proprietary technology that provides the Services, in the form provided by Quantcast, infringes any patent or other third-party intellectual property right. Company shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Quantcast and its directors, officers, employees and agents, its and their respective successors, heirs and assigns (“
Quantcast Parties
”) against any Liabilities incurred by the Quantcast Parties in connection with any Claim arising out of or relating to (a) Company’s (including any Client’s, if applicable) violation of these IO Terms (including the 4As Terms and Policies); (b) Company- provided or Client-provided data or ads; (c) the nature of Company’s or any Client’s products, services and industry, including without limitation any claims in the nature of product liability or any claim or allegation that such services or products are not in compliance with applicable industry-specific laws, or (d) breach of subsection j. (Additional Company Representation and Warranty) above.
b.The indemnified party will promptly notify the indemnifying party of any indemnified claim (provided that failure to notify promptly will only relieve the indemnifying party of its obligations to the extent it demonstrates material prejudice from the failure) and at the indemnifying party’s expense, provide assistance reasonably necessary to defend such claim. The indemnifying party will not enter into any settlement or compromise that does not fully absolve the indemnified party of liability.
c. Quantcast will have no obligation for any claim arising from or related to (a) compliance with Company specifications, (b) combination of the Services with products or services not supplied by Quantcast, if the cause of action would not have arisen otherwise, (c) adaptation or modification of the Services or data, if the cause of action would not have arisen otherwise, (d) Company’s failure to follow instructions provided by Quantcast which would have cured the cause of action, provided that following such instructions would not have caused Company substantial additional cost, or (e) use of the Services or data other than as described herein. In the case of any of the foregoing, Company will indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Quantcast Parties from and against any Liabilities arising directly or indirectly from such claims.
d. In the event that Quantcast’s right to provide the Services is enjoined or in Quantcast’s reasonable opinion is likely to be enjoined, Quantcast may obtain the right to continue providing the Services, replace or modify the Services so that they become non-infringing, or, if such remedies are not reasonably available,
above, Quantcast shall provide Company with as much written notice as reasonably practicable prior to the effective date of such termination. Quantcast’s obligations as stated in this Section X are Quantcast’s sole and exclusive liability to Company and Company’s sole remedies as to infringement of intellectual property rights.”
u. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY: Section XI of the 4As Terms is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the            following:
“
XI. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
QUANTCAST MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE BENEFITS TO COMPANY FROM THE SERVICES, OR THAT THE QUANTCAST PLATFORM OR ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED BY INVENTORY PARTNERS WILL BE ERROR-FREE, ALWAYS AVAILABLE OR OPERATE WITHOUT LOSS OR CORRUPTION OF DATA OR TECHNICAL MALFUNCTION. EXCEPT FOR CLAIMS RELATING TO INDEMNIFICATION, NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING AS A RESULT OF DELAYS, LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OF USE OR LOSS OF PROFIT) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THESE IO TERMS, HOWEVER CAUSED AND UNDER WHATEVER CAUSE OF ACTION OR THEORY OF LIABILITY BROUGHT (INCLUDING CONTRACT OR NEGLIGENCE), EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. NOTHING IN THIS SECTION XI LIMITS ANY LIABILITY FOR FRAUD, FRAUDULENT MISREPRESENTATION, OR ANY OTHER LIABILITY WHICH CANNOT LEGALLY BE LIMITED. EXCEPT FOR CLAIMS RELATING TO PAYMENTS DUE, AND/OR INDEMNIFICATION, IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY’S TOTAL AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR ALL CLAIMS ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THESE IO TERMS EXCEED THE GREATER OF (A) ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND U.S. DOLLARS (US $100,000) OR (B) THE ACTUAL AMOUNT PAID AND/OR PAYABLE TO QUANTCAST FOR THE PROVISION OF SERVICES TO COMPANY IN THE TWELVE
(12) MONTHS PRIOR TO THE DATE THE LIABILITY FIRST AROSE. The parties acknowledge that the limitations and exclusions contained in these IO Terms have been the subject of negotiation between the parties and represent the parties’ agreement based upon the perceived level of risk associated with their respective obligations under these IO Terms and the payments made hereunder.”
v.
Third-Party Services:
To the extent Company receives any services or products of a third party in conjunction with the Services, including without limitation any third-party data provider (each service, a “
Third- Party Service
”), the following additional terms apply. For the avoidance of doubt, these terms are supplementary: they do not replace or limit any other terms and conditions of these IO Terms.
i. Third-Party Services Terms.
Company is solely responsible for complying with any applicable third party terms and conditions of such Third-Party Service in addition to the terms of these IO Terms. Any such third party terms and conditions are as provided to Company in writing by Quantcast or by the relevant third party.
ii. Limitations.
Quantcast does not endorse, is not responsible or liable for, and makes no representations as to any Third-Party Services, including, without limitation, their content or the manner in which they handle, protect, manage or process data, or any interaction between Company and the provider of such Third-Party Service. Quantcast cannot guarantee the continued availability or pricing of such Third-Party Services, or any features thereof, and may cease enabling access to them without liability to Company, if, for example and without limitation, the provider of a Third-Party Service ceases to make the Third-Party Service available for interoperation with the corresponding Service in a manner acceptable to Quantcast. Company irrevocably waives any claim against Quantcast with respect to such Third-Party Services.
Quantcast is not liable for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with Company’s receipt, enablement, access or use of any such Third-Party Services, or Company’s reliance on the privacy practices, data security processes or other policies of such Third-Party Services. Company may be required to register for or log into such Third-Party Services on their respective websites or to share Company-provided or Client-provided data or ads with such Third-Party Services (e.g., services requiring data integration).
iii. LiveRamp Usage Restrictions.
To the extent Company uses any product or service of LiveRamp, Inc. or its subsidiaries (collectively, “LiveRamp”) in connection with the Services outside of a direct agreement between LiveRamp and Company, Company agrees that LiveRamp is an intended third-party beneficiary to these IO Terms, and Company agrees : (a) to authorize LiveRamp to provide its Data Onboarding Service to Company, including to access and download Company’s CRM data for placement of data cookies and delivery of such cookies to Quantcast; (b) to upload all data to LiveRamp’s SFTP site, and not provide such data directly to Quantcast. Company is prohibited from sending Quantcast any Direct Identifiers, or recombining any data it receives from Quantcast with Direct Identifiers; (c) Company will not (i) resell or provide access to LiveRamp’s Data Onboarding Service to anyone except Authorized Users, (ii) reverse engineer, aggregate, or disambiguate any data or technology received from LiveRamp or its services (except as expressly agreed by LiveRamp in writing), (iii) use such service to sell or advertise any products that are sexually- oriented or related to tobacco, illegal gambling, firearms, or any other illegal product; (d) Company will not provide LiveRamp with any data (i) related to an individual’s health or medical condition, sexual orientation, or religion, (ii) of those under age 18 (or age 13 if from Australia), (iii) with attributes that correlate to unique records or individuals, or (iv) for which Company does not own or have rights to, or has not otherwise obtained consent to provide to LiveRamp; and (e) Company additionally warrants that: (y) it will not direct data to any other destination other than Quantcast unless Company has a direct agreement with the entity controlling such destination, and (z) obtained and maintained all required consents under Applicable Privacy Laws for LiveRamp to collect, use and retain personally identifiable information provided to LiveRamp hereunder.
w.
Conflicts, Responsibility, Terminology
:
To the extent of any conflict with the 4As Terms, these IO Terms govern. For the avoidance of doubt, Company is responsible for the actions/inactions of its Clients in connection with this IO and the Services and for ensuring compliance with these IO Terms by its Clients.
i. Any references to “
Customer
” in an IO shall mean Company.
ii.Any references to “
Media Company
” in the 4As Terms and/or an IO shall mean Quantcast.
iii. If Company is an Agency (as defined in the 4As Terms), then all references to “
Agency
” shall mean Company and all references to “
Advertiser
” shall mean Company’s Clients.
iv. If Company is an Advertiser (as defined in the 4As Terms), then references to both “
Agency
” and “
Advertiser
” shall mean Company. For clarity, if there is no Agency then Advertiser takes on all obligations of Agency under the IO and these IO Terms.
Effective March 6th 2025
Download
Table of Contents
Campaign Policy
Quantcast requires its Customers, Authorized Users, Clients, and Affiliates (“Clients”) using Quantcast products and/or services, including the Quantcast Platform (also, “Platform”), to comply with the standards and requirements outlined in Quantcast policies, including this Campaign Policy and, for Platform Clients, the Implementation Guide for Restricted Advertising Categories and Restricted Data, available in the Platform Help Center, to configure their campaigns and ad sets to comply with this Policy. In addition to this Campaign Policy, all users must also comply with all applicable laws, rules, ordinances, codes, and regulations, including, without limitation, applicable industry-specific ethical, professional, and/or self-regulatory requirements. In the US, Clients and advertisers must comply with the NAI Code of Conduct in effect at the time of campaign launch. By using Quantcast advertising services or technology, Client agrees to the privacy requirements posted
here
.
Quantcast reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to (1) review accounts, campaigns, ads, and/or usage of Quantcast products and services, including but not limited to those campaigns planned, launched, and delivered through the Platform for compliance with this Campaign Policy; and (2) suspend, require revisions to, and/or terminate accounts, campaigns, and/or creatives as a result of such review. Where possible, Quantcast will attempt to notify Clients when a violation of the policy occurs. In such cases, Clients may contact their Account Manager for assistance, but remain responsible for all actions initiated using Quantcast products and/or services, whether or not Quantcast was also involved in the selection and/or provision of campaign services and/or strategies.
Note that Quantcast classifies Clients at the Advertiser level into industry categories consistent with the Interactive Advertising Bureau (“IAB”) advertising industry categories. Accounts for advertisers operating in industries that may implicate Restricted Advertising Categories (see below) are subject to periodic review, and campaigns may be held prior to launch.
Quantcast may provide functionalities such as location and demographic targeting. Quantcast makes no representation that such functionalities are sufficient to ensure Company’s compliance with applicable laws regarding restrictions on advertising, including minimum age or other requirements. Company is solely responsible for ensuring that its ads and campaigns comply with all applicable laws.
Prohibited Content and Practices
A given campaign or ad set may implicate one or more Prohibited Content and Practice and/or Restricted Data types: all campaigns and ad sets must comply with all implicated restrictions
.
Campaigns that promote and/or contain the following content are prohibited:
Products, services, or activities that are
illegal or of questionable legality
, such as sites that sell fake identification cards or academic cheating services;
Use of Quantcast products or services to
discriminate
against specific groups of people through affirmative targeting or exclusion; or use of discriminatory content/creatives;
Use of Quantcast products or services to
exploit vulnerable populations
;
Sexually explicit or pornographic content
(excluding campaigns for undergarments, adult products, and other products that meet certain restrictions);
Outside of North America, campaigns for
healthcare products and services
(excluding personal hygiene, cosmetic, first aid, and wellness products);
Hate speech
, which is defined as abusive or threatening speech or writing that expresses prejudice against a protected class, e.g., race, religion, or sexual orientation;
intolerance, discrimination, profanity, or inciting violence
;
False advertising
and/or content that is unfair, misleading, deceptive, abusive, or false, through claims, imagery, or suggestion;
Illegal drugs, recreational drugs
,
and/or or products that facilitate their use, even in geographies where such substances or products may be legal; content that promotes or glamorizes the consumption of illegal drugs;
Tobacco, nicotine
, and/or products that facilitate their use, including e-cigarettes;
Personal weapons and ammunition
(excluding cooking equipment, kitchen and hunting knives, hunting equipment other than guns, airsoft guns, non-functioning antique and replica guns, decorative swords, paintball guns and accessories, gun ranges, and publications related to guns unless prohibited by law);
Content that
infringes on intellectual property rights
of others;
Content that includes or disseminates
malware, spyware, and/or computer viruses
; and/or
Content or advertising that is
designed to reach children
under 16.
Restricted Data Types
In connection with the use of any Quantcast product or service, where prohibited by applicable law (or where enhanced/heightened consent is required), Clients may not collect, use, or provide to Quantcast personal data revealing a restricted attribute or characteristic (Restricted Characteristics) explicitly, by inference, or otherwise, including in creatives and/or strategies like targeting and/or tagging. Restricted Characteristics are defined by applicable law and include but are not limited to:
Race or ethnicity/ethnic origin, color, and national origin, including citizenship or immigration status
Religious and/or philosophical beliefs
Political opinions or affiliations
Health or concerning health (including mental health, genetic, and biometric data/information)
Sexual life and/or sexual orientation
Marital and/or familial status
Disability or handicap
Trade union membership
Criminal convictions or offenses
Restricted Advertising Categories
Accounts and campaigns in the following categories are subject to periodic review; campaigns may be held prior to launch.
Quantcast permits the use of its products and services for the following categories, which may be updated from time to time at Quantcast’s sole discretion. For the avoidance of doubt, Clients remain responsible for compliance with all laws, regulations, and reasonable industry customs, including but not limited to campaign content and strategy.
In certain geographies, the collection of information about certain user attributes or characteristics, or the inference thereof, is not permitted by law. For all Quantcast Campaigns, Clients are prohibited from targeting audiences, tagging pages, or otherwise using Quantcast products or services in a way that would collect information from users, or would allow inferences about users to be made, relating to attributes or characteristics prohibited by law or self-regulatory codes (
see Restricted Data Types)
. Similarly, Platform clients are prohibited from inputting Interests while creating an audience that could lead to reaching users based on one or several Restricted Characteristic(s).
Alcohol
Advertising is supported for Alcohol campaigns, including alcohol products such as beer, wine, spirits, non-alcoholic drinks used as mixers, alcohol-related destinations such as vineyards, bars, and distilleries, and to a limited extent, alcohol delivery services, where available and permitted by law. Campaign restrictions vary by geography, and Clients remain responsible for compliance with all laws, regulations, and industry standards, including procuring and maintaining valid licensure, where required.
Creatives must contain a responsible drinking disclosure as required by laws of the geography where the ads are displayed and/or self-regulatory codes, such as:
“Please drink responsibly
”;
"For legal drinking age: 21+" [or other age as required]
.
Where required by law, landing pages must include age self-verification for visitors (age varies by geography).
Ad delivery must be tailored to a permissible age group. For example, in the United States, site delivery locations must meet a minimum visitor composition of 21+ (other variations by geography). Additionally, some geographies may have display time prohibitions, such as requiring that ad timing avoids placement during, before, or after childrens’ programming.
Campaigns must not: appeal to minors; include athletes or portray characters who appear under the age of 25; make health, therapeutic, or social status claims (e.g., by claiming to reduce stress levels or improve sex life); and/or depict irresponsible or dangerous consumption or irresponsible activities while drinking (e.g., driving, operating machinery).
Cannabis and Products Related to its Use
Campaigns for Cannabis and Products related to its use are limited to audiences in Canada. Clients remain responsible for compliance with all applicable regulations.
Clients must have and maintain licensure where required by law, and make such licensure available to Quantcast upon request.
Clients must undertake reasonable steps to ensure that the ad cannot be viewed or accessed by young persons;
Only information or brand preference campaigns are permitted.
Cannabis and related products ad campaigns must not: contain any direct or implied health, curative, drug, or other therapeutic claims (including claims of physical, mental health benefits or cosmetic benefits); be directed to, attract or appeal to minors (such as with cartoons, child-friendly public figures, showing CBD as toys, marketing CBD as candy, etc.); be by means of a testimonial or endorsement; associate the promotion with an alcoholic beverage, tobacco or vaping product.
Cannabidiol (“CBD”)
Cannabidiol campaigns are limited to certain geographies within the United States and Canada. Clients remain responsible for compliance with all applicable regulations.
Clients must have and maintain licensure where required by law, and make such licensure available to Quantcast upon request.
Some geographies may have display time prohibitions, such as requiring that ad timing avoids placement during, before, or after childrens’ programming.
For any permitted CBD product campaigns, Clients must confirm: the CBD product is derived solely from hemp and
not
from cannabis plants; and the CBD has a THC composition below the locally mandated requirement (0.3% or less* in most geographies, but lower elsewhere, e.g., in Idaho, 0%).
All campaigns related to vaping or vapable CBD are prohibited, including vapable CBD oil, cartridges, and products related to their use (including vaporizers, pens, pipes, etc.). Campaigns for Delta-8 are also prohibited.
Landing pages for permitted CBD campaigns may not include sale of prohibited products, even if the campaign is promoting a permitted product. For example, a campaign advertising CBD gummy bears with a landing page that also sells smokable CBD cartridges and e-cigarettes is not permitted.
CBD ad campaigns must not: contain any direct or implied health, curative, drug, or other therapeutic claims (including claims of physical or mental health benefits); or attract or appeal to minors (such as with cartoons, child-friendly public figures, showing CBD as toys, marketing CBD as candy, etc.).
Casinos and Gambling
Where permitted by law, campaigns for casinos and gambling services are supported, including for sports betting, fantasy sports betting, online casinos, state lotteries, online horse race betting, and brick and mortar casinos.
Clients must have and maintain licensure where required by law, and make such licensure available to Quantcast upon request.
Creatives must contain a responsible gambling message, such as:
“If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, help is available”
; as well as other disclosures as required, for example, providing information about the addictive risks of the advertised games of chance, the prohibition of participation by minors, and the availability of counseling and therapy.
Landing pages must include age self-verification for visitors (age requirement varies by geography).
Ad delivery must be generally tailored to a permissible age group (which varies by geography).
Some geographies and publishers may have display time prohibitions, such as avoiding placement during, before, or after childrens’ programming and/or live sporting events, sexual, religious, and/or political media.
Campaigns must not: appeal to minors, portray characters who appear under the age of 25; advertise casinos or gambling activities for which the Client is not licensed in each geography in which the ads shall be displayed; target individuals self-identifying as gambling addicts on “self-exclusion lists” or seeking help for gambling addictions; encourage problem gambling, promise to fix problems (social, educational, professional, or personal), or suggest gambling is an alternative to employment; and/or suggest that skill can influence games of chance.
Charitable Organizations
Advertising campaigns for Charitable Organizations are supported at Quantcast for advocacy campaigns
(to create support for specific policies, like legal reform),
awareness campaigns
(which focus on education about causes to raise support)
,
and fundraising campaigns.
Campaigns may only be run on behalf of charities that have been formally registered as nonprofit organizations in the geographies within which the Clients wish to run their campaign(s).
Clients must have and maintain licensure where required by law, and make such licensure available to Quantcast upon request, (such as
proof of 501(c)(3) nonprofit status with the IRS
in the United States or
registration on the Charity Register
in the United Kingdom).
Cryptocurrency
Where permitted by law, cryptocurrency campaigns are supported for Clients with required licensure for cryptocurrencies, cryptocurrency exchanges, and products and services associated with cryptocurrency mining, including facilitating use of computing resources (such as hardware products designed for cryptocurrency mining, cloud-based cryptocurrency mining services, and guides for mining cryptocurrency).
Clients must have and maintain licensure where required by law, and make such licensure available to Quantcast upon request.
Campaigns for initial coin offerings and new token sales are prohibited.
Defense Industry
Advertising for the Defense Industry is permitted in certain circumstances.
Campaigns must not: depict firearms.
Employment
Advertising is supported for Employment campaigns, including campaigns for recruiting, hiring, job sites, job fairs and events, and internships.
Campaigns must not: engage in or have the effect of discrimination of legally-protected class demographics as set forth in applicable civil rights, privacy, or other laws and self-regulatory codes. The prohibition also applies to targeting criteria that may be a proxy for protected classes, sometimes including zip codes. Protected classes vary by geography but generally include:
Race, color, ethnicity, or national origin;
Religion and/or political or philosophical belief;
Sex, gender or gender affiliation/identity, or sexual orientation;
Marital status and/or familial status;
Age (provided the applicant has the capacity to contract);
An applicant’s receipt of income (if derived from any public assistance program);
An applicant’s exercise, in good faith, of any right under a consumer protection law.
Healthcare Products & Services (North America Only)
Advertising for certain healthcare products and services is permitted in North America.
Note that globally, campaigns for first aid, personal hygiene, beauty products, wellness, and over-the-counter products for general consumption are not considered healthcare and are supported, so long as products are not offered as a treatment for any specific condition or diagnosis.
Example
: Band-aids are considered a first-aid product.
Example
: Toothpaste for general consumption is considered personal hygiene, i.e., not for the treatment of gingivitis or other conditions or diagnosis.
Example
: Shampoo for general consumption, i.e., not for the treatment of alopecia, dandruff, or other conditions or diagnosis.
Example
: Beauty creams and serums, i.e., not for the treatment of eczema.
Example
: Tylenol for general household use.
Where permitted:
Clients may not provide to Quantcast any Sensitive Personal Information of consumers or users;
Campaigns must not involve any sensitive health condition (as defined by the NAI Code of Conduct);
Campaigns must include required disclaimers; adhere to applicable content restrictions (limitations on creatives); adhere to audience targeting requirements and restrictions.
Clients must have and maintain pre-clearance; authorization and/or licensure where required by law, and make such licensure available to Quantcast upon request.
Campaigns must not: seek to target audiences based on condition diagnosis, or other Sensitive Personal Information; make false treatment claims; and/or promote products subject to recalls or significant government actions (e.g., OxyContin).
Hunting Equipment
Advertising for limited hunting equipment is supported unless prohibited by applicable law. Advertising for firearms, even if solely for hunting, is
not
permitted, regardless of whether permitted by law.
Housing
Advertising is supported for Housing campaigns, including campaigns selling residential and commercial real estate, purchasing residential and commercial real estate, residential commercial real estate services (agents, transactions, listings), residential real estate mortgage loans (APR < 36%), residential real estate home improvement loans (APR < 36%), residential real estate insurance (homeowners’, renters’), residential and commercial real estate development, retirement and disability housing opportunities, and home improvement services.
Non-discrimination: campaigns must not engage in or have the effect of discrimination of legally-protected classes. The prohibition extends to targeting criteria that may be a proxy for protected classes, sometimes including zip codes. Protected classes vary by geography but generally include:
Race, color, ethnicity, or national origin;
Religion and/or political or philosophical belief;
Sex, gender, or gender affiliation;
Marital status and/or familial status;
Age (provided the applicant has the capacity to contract);
The applicant’s receipt of income (if derived from any public assistance program);
The applicant’s exercise, in good faith, of any right under a consumer protection law.
Financial products and services
Advertising is supported for Financial Services campaigns, including for credit cards (with APR < 36%), personal loans (with terms of at least 90 days and APR < 36%), loans for homes, RVs, and boats (with terms of at least 90 days and APR < 36%), nonprofit debt services (where the Client is an approved nonprofit budget and credit counseling agency or a national nonprofit association representing nonprofit credit counseling agencies), banking, financial planning and annuities, insurance (including car, home, RV, boat, and life), tax planning services, and credit monitoring services (excluding credit repair services).
Clients must have and maintain licensure where required by law, and make such licensure available to Quantcast upon request.
Clients must include specific disclosures required by local law.
Campaigns must not promote: short-term loans with a repayment schedule of less than 90 days; high-interest loans or credit cards (i.e., with an APR of 36% or higher); credit repair services; payday loans or for-profit debt services.
Non-discrimination: campaigns must not engage in or have the effect of improper discrimination of legally-protected class demographics as set forth in applicable civil rights, privacy, or other laws and self-regulatory codes. The prohibition also applies to targeting criteria that may be a proxy for protected classes, sometimes including zip codes. Protected classes vary by geography but generally include:
Race, color, ethnicity, or national origin;
Religion and/or political or philosophical belief;
Sex, gender, or gender affiliation;
Marital status and/or familial status;
Age (provided the applicant has the capacity to contract);
The applicant’s receipt of income (if derived from any public assistance program)
The applicant’s exercise, in good faith, of any right under a consumer protection law.
Candidate and Issue Campaigns
Responsible advertising for Political Campaigns may be permitted in limited circumstances in the United States only on a case-by-case basis.
Clients must have and maintain licensure where required by law, and make such licensure available.
Campaign content must include disclosures and disclaimers as required by applicable law, including a “paid for” disclaimer to show the entity or the person responsible for the ad.
Campaigns must not be funded by or otherwise involve foreign national interference; incite violence; encourage lawlessness or insurrection; include hate speech; constitute the distribution of “fake news”; or discriminate or suggest discrimination based on any protected class characteristics or otherwise.
Restricted Characteristics
Regardless of the industry or product category, ad sets and creatives that could reveal or reasonably allow making an inference about a Restricted Characteristic of a user who showed an interest in said creative (i.e., clicking the ad) are not permitted.
Where prohibited by law or self-regulatory code, targeting users based on a known and/or inferred Restricted Characteristic is not permitted.
Tagging or placing pixels on websites and pages featuring content that could reasonably allow making an inference about the Restricted Characteristic of a visitor is not permitted.
This policy is not and should not be construed as legal advice and solely reflects Quantcast’s policy. Clients of Quantcast products and services must seek independent advice from their own counsel regarding compliance with applicable laws, regulations, codes, and industry standards. Quantcast reserves the right to update, modify, and change these policies at any time, at its sole discretion. For the avoidance of doubt, Clients always remain liable for their campaign content and strategies, and for all activities they undertake with the use of Quantcast’s products and/or services.
Effective February 10th 2025
to
March 6th 2025
Download
Table of Contents
Campaign Policy
Quantcast requires its Customers, Authorized Users, Clients, and Affiliates (“Clients”) using Quantcast products and/or services, including the Quantcast Platform (also, “Platform”), to comply with the standards and requirements outlined in Quantcast policies, including this Campaign Policy and, for Platform Clients, the Implementation Guide for Restricted Advertising Categories and Restricted Data, available in the Platform Help Center, to configure their campaigns and ad sets to comply with this Policy. In addition to this Campaign Policy, all users must also comply with all applicable laws, rules, ordinances, codes, and regulations, including, without limitation, applicable industry-specific ethical, professional, and/or self-regulatory requirements. In the US, Clients and advertisers must comply with the NAI Code of Conduct in effect at the time of campaign launch. By using Quantcast advertising services or technology, Client agrees to the privacy requirements posted
here
.
Quantcast reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to (1) review accounts, campaigns, ads, and/or usage of Quantcast products and services, including but not limited to those campaigns planned, launched, and delivered through the Platform for compliance with this Campaign Policy; and (2) suspend, require revisions to, and/or terminate accounts, campaigns, and/or creatives as a result of such review. Where possible, Quantcast will attempt to notify Clients when a violation of the policy occurs. In such cases, Clients may contact their Account Manager for assistance, but remain responsible for all actions initiated using Quantcast products and/or services, whether or not Quantcast was also involved in the selection and/or provision of campaign services and/or strategies.
Note that Quantcast classifies Clients at the Advertiser level into industry categories consistent with the Interactive Advertising Bureau (“IAB”) advertising industry categories. Accounts for advertisers operating in industries that may implicate Restricted Advertising Categories (see below) are subject to periodic review, and campaigns may be held prior to launch.
Prohibited Content and Practices
A given campaign or ad set may implicate one or more Prohibited Content and Practice and/or Restricted Data types: all campaigns
and ad sets must comply with all implicated restrictions
.
Campaigns that promote and/or contain the following content are prohibited:
Products, services, or activities that are
illegal or of questionable legality
, such as sites that sell fake identification cards or academic cheating services;
Use of Quantcast products or services to
discriminate
against specific groups of people through affirmative targeting or exclusion; or use of discriminatory content/creatives;
Use of Quantcast products or services to
exploit vulnerable populations
;
Sexually explicit or pornographic content
(excluding campaigns for undergarments, adult products, and other products that meet certain restrictions);
Outside of North America, campaigns for
healthcare products and services
(excluding personal hygiene, cosmetic, first aid, and wellness products) without prior Quantcast approval;
Hate speech
, which is defined as abusive or threatening speech or writing that expresses prejudice against a protected class, e.g., race, religion, or sexual orientation;
intolerance, discrimination, profanity, or inciting violence
;
False advertising
and/or content that is unfair, misleading, deceptive, abusive, or false, through claims, imagery, or suggestion;
Illegal drugs, recreational drugs
, and/or or products that facilitate their use, even in geographies where such substances or products may be legal; content that promotes or glamorizes the consumption of illegal drugs;
Tobacco, nicotine
, and/or products that facilitate their use, including e-cigarettes;
Personal weapons and ammunition
(excluding cooking equipment, kitchen and hunting knives, hunting equipment other than guns, airsoft guns, non-functioning antique and replica guns, decorative swords, paintball guns and accessories, gun ranges, and publications related to guns unless prohibited by law);
Content that
infringes on intellectual property rights
of others;
Content that includes or disseminates
malware, spyware, and/or computer viruses
; and/or
Content or advertising that is
designed to reach children
under 16.
Restricted Data Types
In connection with the use of any Quantcast product or service, where prohibited by applicable law (or where enhanced/heightened consent is required), Clients may not collect, use, or provide to Quantcast personal data revealing a restricted attribute or characteristic (Restricted Characteristics) explicitly, by inference, or otherwise, including in creatives and/or strategies like targeting and/or tagging. Restricted Characteristics are defined by applicable law and include but are not limited to:
Race or ethnicity/ethnic origin, color, and national origin, including citizenship or immigration status
Religious and/or philosophical beliefs
Political opinions or affiliations
Health or concerning health (including mental health, genetic, and biometric data/information)
Sexual life and/or sexual orientation
Marital and/or familial status
Disability or handicap
Trade union membership
Criminal convictions or offenses
Restricted Advertising Categories
Accounts and campaigns in the following categories are subject to periodic review; campaigns may be held prior to launch.
Quantcast permits the use of its products and services for the following categories, which may be updated from time to time at Quantcast’s sole discretion. For the avoidance of doubt, Clients remain responsible for compliance with all laws, regulations, and reasonable industry customs, including but not limited to campaign content and strategy.
In certain geographies, the collection of information about certain user attributes or characteristics, or the inference thereof, is not permitted by law. For all Quantcast Campaigns, Clients are prohibited from targeting audiences, tagging pages, or otherwise using Quantcast products or services in a way that would collect information from users, or would allow inferences about users to be made, relating to attributes or characteristics prohibited by law or self-regulatory codes (
see Restricted Data Types)
. Similarly, Platform clients are prohibited from inputting Interests while creating an audience that could lead to reaching users based on one or several Restricted Characteristic(s).
Alcohol
Advertising is supported for Alcohol campaigns, including alcohol products such as beer, wine, spirits, non-alcoholic drinks used as mixers, alcohol-related destinations such as vineyards, bars, and distilleries, and to a limited extent, alcohol delivery services, where available and permitted by law. Campaign restrictions vary by geography, and Clients remain responsible for compliance with all laws, regulations, and industry standards, including procuring and maintaining valid licensure, where required.
Creatives must contain a responsible drinking disclosure as required by laws of the geography where the ads are displayed and/or self-regulatory codes, such as:
“Please drink responsibly
”;
"For legal drinking age: 21+" [or other age as required]
.
Where required by law, landing pages must include age self-verification for visitors (age varies by geography).
Ad delivery must be tailored to a permissible age group. For example, in the United States, site delivery locations must meet a minimum visitor composition of 21+ (other variations by geography). Additionally, some geographies may have display time prohibitions, such as requiring that ad timing avoids placement during, before, or after childrens’ programming.
Campaigns must not: appeal to minors; include athletes or portray characters who appear under the age of 25; make health, therapeutic, or social status claims (e.g., by claiming to reduce stress levels or improve sex life); and/or depict irresponsible or dangerous consumption or irresponsible activities while drinking (e.g., driving, operating machinery).
Cannabis and Products Related to its Use
Campaigns for Cannabis and Products related to its use are limited to audiences in Canada. Clients remain responsible for compliance with all applicable regulations.
Clients must have and maintain licensure where required by law, and make such licensure available to Quantcast upon request.
Clients must undertake reasonable steps to ensure that the ad cannot be viewed or accessed by young persons;
Only information or brand preference campaigns are permitted.
Cannabis and related products ad campaigns must not: contain any direct or implied health, curative, drug, or other therapeutic claims (including claims of physical, mental health benefits or cosmetic benefits); be directed to, attract or appeal to minors (such as with cartoons, child-friendly public figures, showing CBD as toys, marketing CBD as candy, etc.); be by means of a testimonial or endorsement; associate the promotion with an alcoholic beverage, tobacco or vaping product.
Cannabidiol (“CBD”)
Cannabidiol campaigns are limited to certain geographies within the United States and Canada. Clients remain responsible for compliance with all applicable regulations.
Clients must have and maintain licensure where required by law, and make such licensure available to Quantcast upon request.
Some geographies may have display time prohibitions, such as requiring that ad timing avoids placement during, before, or after childrens’ programming.
For any permitted CBD product campaigns, Clients must confirm: the CBD product is derived solely from hemp and
no
t from cannabis plants; and the CBD has a THC composition below the locally mandated requirement (0.3% or less* in most geographies, but lower elsewhere, e.g., in Idaho, 0%).
All campaigns related to vaping or vapable CBD are prohibited, including vapable CBD oil, cartridges, and products related to their use (including vaporizers, pens, pipes, etc.). Campaigns for Delta-8 are also prohibited.
Landing pages for permitted CBD campaigns may not include sale of prohibited products, even if the campaign is promoting a permitted product. For example, a campaign advertising CBD gummy bears with a landing page that also sells smokable CBD cartridges and e-cigarettes is not permitted.
CBD ad campaigns must not: contain any direct or implied health, curative, drug, or other therapeutic claims (including claims of physical or mental health benefits); or attract or appeal to minors (such as with cartoons, child-friendly public figures, showing CBD as toys, marketing CBD as candy, etc.).
Casinos and Gambling
Where permitted by law, campaigns for casinos and gambling services are supported, including for sports betting, fantasy sports betting, online casinos, state lotteries, online horse race betting, and brick and mortar casinos.
Clients must have and maintain licensure where required by law, and make such licensure available to Quantcast upon request.
Creatives must contain a responsible gambling message, such as:
“If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, help is available”
; as well as other disclosures as required, for example, providing information about the addictive risks of the advertised games of chance, the prohibition of participation by minors, and the availability of counseling and therapy.
Landing pages must include age self-verification for visitors (age requirement varies by geography).
Ad delivery must be generally tailored to a permissible age group (which varies by geography).
Some geographies and publishers may have display time prohibitions, such as avoiding placement during, before, or after childrens’ programming and/or live sporting events, sexual, religious, and/or political media.
Campaigns must not: appeal to minors, portray characters who appear under the age of 25; advertise casinos or gambling activities for which the Client is not licensed in each geography in which the ads shall be displayed; target individuals self- identifying as gambling addicts on “self-exclusion lists” or seeking help for gambling addictions; encourage problem gambling, promise to fix problems (social, educational, professional, or personal), or suggest gambling is an alternative to employment; and/or suggest that skill can influence games of chance.
Charitable Organizations
Advertising campaigns for Charitable Organizations are supported at Quantcast for advocacy campaigns
(to create support for specific policies, like legal reform),
awareness campaigns
(which focus on education about causes to raise support)
, and fundraising campaigns.
Campaigns may only be run on behalf of charities that have been formally registered as nonprofit organizations in the geographies within which the Clients wish to run their campaign(s).
Clients must have and maintain licensure where required by law, and make such licensure available to Quantcast upon
request, (such as proof of 501(c)(3) nonprofit status with the IRS in the United States or registration on the Charity Register in the United Kingdom).
Cryptocurrency
Where permitted by law, cryptocurrency campaigns are supported for Clients with required licensure for cryptocurrencies, cryptocurrency exchanges, and products and services associated with cryptocurrency mining, including facilitating use of computing resources (such as hardware products designed for cryptocurrency mining, cloud-based cryptocurrency mining services, and guides for mining cryptocurrency).
Clients must have and maintain licensure where required by law, and make such licensure available to Quantcast upon request.
Campaigns for initial coin offerings and new token sales are prohibited.
Defense Industry
Advertising for the Defense Industry is permitted in certain circumstances.
Campaigns must not: depict firearms.
Employment
Advertising is supported for Employment campaigns, including campaigns for recruiting, hiring, job sites, job fairs and events, and internships.
Campaigns must not: engage in or have the effect of discrimination of legally-protected class demographics as set forth in applicable civil rights, privacy, or other laws and self-regulatory codes. The prohibition also applies to targeting criteria that may be a proxy for protected classes, sometimes including zip codes. Protected classes vary by geography but generally include:
Race, color, ethnicity, or national origin;
Religion and/or political or philosophical belief;
Sex, gender or gender affiliation/identity, or sexual orientation;
Marital status and/or familial status;
Age (provided the applicant has the capacity to contract);
An applicant’s receipt of income (if derived from any public assistance program);
An applicant’s exercise, in good faith, of any right under a consumer protection law.
Healthcare Products & Services (North America Only)
Advertising for certain healthcare products and services is permitted in North America.
Note that globally, campaigns for first aid, personal hygiene, beauty products, wellness, and over-the-counter products for general consumption are not considered healthcare and are supported, so long as products are not offered as a treatment for any specific condition or diagnosis.
Example
: Band-aids are considered a first-aid product.
Example
: Toothpaste for general consumption is considered personal hygiene, i.e., not for the treatment of gingivitis or other conditions or diagnosis.
Example
: Shampoo for general consumption, i.e., not for the treatment of alopecia, dandruff, or other conditions or diagnosis.
Example
: Beauty creams and serums, i.e., not for the treatment of eczema.
Example
: Tylenol for general household use.
Where permitted:
Clients may not provide to Quantcast any Sensitive Personal Information of consumers or users;
Campaigns must not involve any sensitive health condition (as defined by the NAI Code of Conduct)
Campaigns must include required disclaimers; adhere to applicable content restrictions (limitations on creatives); adhere to audience targeting requirements and restrictions.
Clients must have and maintain pre-clearance; authorization and/or licensure where required by law, and make such licensure available to Quantcast upon request.
Campaigns must not: seek to target audiences based on condition diagnosis, or other Sensitive Personal Information; make false treatment claims; and/or promote products subject to recalls or significant government actions (e.g., OxyContin).
Hunting Equipment
Advertising for limited hunting equipment is supported unless prohibited by applicable law. Advertising for firearms, even if solely for hunting, is
no
t permitted, regardless of whether permitted by law.
Housing
Advertising is supported for Housing campaigns, including campaigns selling residential and commercial real estate, purchasing residential and commercial real estate, residential commercial real estate services (agents, transactions, listings), residential real estate mortgage loans (APR < 36%), residential real estate home improvement loans (APR < 36%), residential real estate insurance (homeowners’, renters’), residential and commercial real estate development, retirement and disability housing opportunities, and home improvement services.
Non-discrimination: campaigns must not engage in or have the effect of discrimination of legally-protected classes. The prohibition extends to targeting criteria that may be a proxy for protected classes, sometimes including zip codes. Protected classes vary by geography but generally include:
Race, color, ethnicity, or national origin;
Religion and/or political or philosophical belief;
Sex, gender, or gender affiliation;
Marital status and/or familial status;
Age (provided the applicant has the capacity to contract);
The applicant’s receipt of income (if derived from any public assistance program);
The applicant’s exercise, in good faith, of any right under a consumer protection law.
Financial products and services
Advertising is supported for Financial Services campaigns, including for credit cards (with APR < 36%), personal loans (with terms of at least 90 days and APR < 36%), loans for homes, RVs, and boats (with terms of at least 90 days and APR < 36%), nonprofit debt services (where the Client is an approved nonprofit budget and credit counseling agency or a national nonprofit association representing nonprofit credit counseling agencies), banking, financial planning and annuities, insurance (including car, home, RV, boat, and life), tax planning services, and credit monitoring services (excluding credit repair services).
Clients must have and maintain licensure where required by law, and make such licensure available to Quantcast upon request.
Clients must include specific disclosures required by local law.
Campaigns must not promote: short-term loans with a repayment schedule of less than 90 days; high-interest loans or credit cards (i.e., with an APR of 36% or higher); credit repair services; payday loans or for-profit debt services.
Non-discrimination: campaigns must not engage in or have the effect of improper discrimination of legally-protected class demographics as set forth in applicable civil rights, privacy, or other laws and self-regulatory codes. The prohibition also applies to targeting criteria that may be a proxy for protected classes, sometimes including zip codes. Protected classes vary by geography but generally include:
Race, color, ethnicity, or national origin;
Religion and/or political or philosophical belief;
Sex, gender, or gender affiliation;
Marital status and/or familial status;
Age (provided the applicant has the capacity to contract);
The applicant’s receipt of income (if derived from any public assistance program)
The applicant’s exercise, in good faith, of any right under a consumer protection law.
Candidate and Issue Campaigns
Responsible advertising for Political Campaigns may be permitted in limited circumstances in the United States only on a case- by-case basis.
Clients must have and maintain licensure where required by law, and make such licensure available.
Campaign content must include disclosures and disclaimers as required by applicable law, including a “paid for” disclaimer to show the entity or the person responsible for the ad.
Campaigns must not be funded by or otherwise involve foreign national interference; incite violence; encourage lawlessness or insurrection; include hate speech; constitute the distribution of “fake news”; or discriminate or suggest discrimination based on any protected class characteristics or otherwise.
Restricted Characteristics
Regardless of the industry or product category, ad sets and creatives that could reveal or reasonably allow making an inference about a Restricted Characteristic of a user who showed an interest in said creative (i.e., clicking the ad) are not permitted.
Where prohibited by law or self-regulatory code, targeting users based on a known and/or inferred Restricted Characteristic is not permitted.
Tagging or placing pixels on websites and pages featuring content that could reasonably allow making an inference about the Restricted Characteristic of a visitor is not permitted.
This policy is not and should not be construed as legal advice and solely reflects Quantcast’s policy. Clients of Quantcast products and services must seek independent advice from their own counsel regarding compliance with applicable laws, regulations, codes, and industry standards. Quantcast reserves the right to update, modify, and change these policies at any time, at its sole discretion. For the avoidance of doubt, Clients always remain liable for their campaign content and strategies, and for all activities they undertake with the use of Quantcast’s products and/or services.
Effective September 11th 2023
to
February 10th 2025
Download
Table of Contents
Campaign Policy
Quantcast requires its Customers, Authorized Users, Clients, and Affiliates (“Clients”) using Quantcast products and/or services, including the Quantcast Platform (also, “Platform”), to comply with the standards and requirements outlined in Quantcast policies, including this Campaign Policy and, for Platform Clients, the Implementation Guide for Restricted Advertising Categories and Restricted Data, available in the Platform Help Center, to configure their campaigns and ad sets to comply with this Policy. In addition to this Campaign Policy, all users must also comply with all applicable laws, rules, ordinances, codes, and regulations, including, without limitation, applicable industry-specific ethical, professional, and/or self-regulatory requirements. In the US, Clients and advertisers must comply with the NAI Code of Conduct in effect at the time of campaign launch. By using Quantcast advertising services or technology, Client agrees to the privacy requirements posted
here
.
Quantcast reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to (1) review accounts, campaigns, ads, and/or usage of Quantcast products and services, including but not limited to those campaigns planned, launched, and delivered through the Platform for compliance with this Campaign Policy; and (2) suspend, require revisions to, and/or terminate accounts, campaigns, and/or creatives as a result of such review. Where possible, Quantcast will attempt to notify Clients when a violation of the policy occurs. In such cases, Clients may contact their Account Manager for assistance, but remain responsible for all actions initiated using Quantcast products and/or services, whether or not Quantcast was also involved in the selection and/or provision of campaign services and/or strategies.
Note that Quantcast classifies Clients at the Advertiser level into industry categories consistent with the Interactive Advertising Bureau (“IAB”) advertising industry categories. Accounts for advertisers operating in industries that may implicate Restricted Advertising Categories (see below) are subject to periodic review, and campaigns may be held prior to launch.
Prohibited Content and Practices
A given campaign or ad set may implicate one or more Prohibited Content and Practice and/or Restricted Data types: all campaigns and ad sets must comply with all implicated restrictions
.
Campaigns that promote and/or contain the following content are prohibited:
Products, services, or activities that are
illegal or of questionable legality
, such as sites that sell fake identification cards or academic cheating services;
Use of Quantcast products or services to
discriminate
against specific groups of people through affirmative targeting or exclusion; or use of discriminatory content/creatives;
Use of Quantcast products or services to
exploit vulnerable populations
;
Sexually explicit or pornographic content
(excluding campaigns for undergarments, adult products, and other products that meet certain restrictions);
Outside of North America, campaigns for
healthcare products and services
(excluding personal hygiene, cosmetic, first aid, and wellness products);
Hate speech
, which is defined as abusive or threatening speech or writing that expresses prejudice against a protected class, e.g., race, religion, or sexual orientation;
intolerance, discrimination, profanity, or inciting violence
;
False advertising
and/or content that is unfair, misleading, deceptive, abusive, or false, through claims, imagery, or suggestion;
Illegal drugs, recreational drugs
,
and/or or products that facilitate their use, even in geographies where such substances or products may be legal; content that promotes or glamorizes the consumption of illegal drugs;
Tobacco, nicotine
, and/or products that facilitate their use, including e-cigarettes;
Personal weapons and ammunition
(excluding cooking equipment, kitchen and hunting knives, hunting equipment other than guns, airsoft guns, non-functioning antique and replica guns, decorative swords, paintball guns and accessories, gun ranges, and publications related to guns unless prohibited by law);
Content that
infringes on intellectual property rights
of others;
Content that includes or disseminates
malware, spyware, and/or computer viruses
; and/or
Content or advertising that is
designed to reach children
under 16.
Restricted Data Types
In connection with the use of any Quantcast product or service, where prohibited by applicable law (or where enhanced/heightened consent is required), Clients may not collect, use, or provide to Quantcast personal data revealing a restricted attribute or characteristic (Restricted Characteristics) explicitly, by inference, or otherwise, including in creatives and/or strategies like targeting and/or tagging. Restricted Characteristics are defined by applicable law and include but are not limited to:
Race or ethnicity/ethnic origin, color, and national origin, including citizenship or immigration status
Religious and/or philosophical beliefs
Political opinions or affiliations
Health or concerning health (including mental health, genetic, and biometric data/information)
Sexual life and/or sexual orientation
Marital and/or familial status
Disability or handicap
Trade union membership
Criminal convictions or offenses
Restricted Advertising Categories
Accounts and campaigns in the following categories are subject to periodic review; campaigns may be held prior to launch.
Quantcast permits the use of its products and services for the following categories, which may be updated from time to time at Quantcast’s sole discretion. For the avoidance of doubt, Clients remain responsible for compliance with all laws, regulations, and reasonable industry customs, including but not limited to campaign content and strategy.
In certain geographies, the collection of information about certain user attributes or characteristics, or the inference thereof, is not permitted by law. For all Quantcast Campaigns, Clients are prohibited from targeting audiences, tagging pages, or otherwise using Quantcast products or services in a way that would collect information from users, or would allow inferences about users to be made, relating to attributes or characteristics prohibited by law or self-regulatory codes (
see Restricted Data Types)
. Similarly, Platform clients are prohibited from inputting Interests while creating an audience that could lead to reaching users based on one or several Restricted Characteristic(s).
Alcohol
Advertising is supported for Alcohol campaigns, including alcohol products such as beer, wine, spirits, non-alcoholic drinks used as mixers, alcohol-related destinations such as vineyards, bars, and distilleries, and to a limited extent, alcohol delivery services, where available and permitted by law. Campaign restrictions vary by geography, and Clients remain responsible for compliance with all laws, regulations, and industry standards, including procuring and maintaining valid licensure, where required.
Creatives must contain a responsible drinking disclosure as required by laws of the geography where the ads are displayed and/or self-regulatory codes, such as:
“Please drink responsibly
”;
"For legal drinking age: 21+" [or other age as required]
.
Where required by law, landing pages must include age self-verification for visitors (age varies by geography).
Ad delivery must be tailored to a permissible age group. For example, in the United States, site delivery locations must meet a minimum visitor composition of 21+ (other variations by geography). Additionally, some geographies may have display time prohibitions, such as requiring that ad timing avoids placement during, before, or after childrens’ programming.
Campaigns must not: appeal to minors; include athletes or portray characters who appear under the age of 25; make health, therapeutic, or social status claims (e.g., by claiming to reduce stress levels or improve sex life); and/or depict irresponsible or dangerous consumption or irresponsible activities while drinking (e.g., driving, operating machinery).
Cannabis and Products Related to its Use
Campaigns for Cannabis and Products related to its use are limited to audiences in Canada. Clients remain responsible for compliance with all applicable regulations.
Clients must have and maintain licensure where required by law, and make such licensure available to Quantcast upon request.
Clients must undertake reasonable steps to ensure that the ad cannot be viewed or accessed by young persons;
Only information or brand preference campaigns are permitted.
Cannabis and related products ad campaigns must not: contain any direct or implied health, curative, drug, or other therapeutic claims (including claims of physical, mental health benefits or cosmetic benefits); be directed to, attract or appeal to minors (such as with cartoons, child-friendly public figures, showing CBD as toys, marketing CBD as candy, etc.); be by means of a testimonial or endorsement; associate the promotion with an alcoholic beverage, tobacco or vaping product.
Cannabidiol (“CBD”)
Cannabidiol campaigns are limited to certain geographies within the United States and Canada. Clients remain responsible for compliance with all applicable regulations.
Clients must have and maintain licensure where required by law, and make such licensure available to Quantcast upon request.
Some geographies may have display time prohibitions, such as requiring that ad timing avoids placement during, before, or after childrens’ programming.
For any permitted CBD product campaigns, Clients must confirm: the CBD product is derived solely from hemp and
not
from cannabis plants; and the CBD has a THC composition below the locally mandated requirement (0.3% or less* in most geographies, but lower elsewhere, e.g., in Idaho, 0%).
All campaigns related to vaping or vapable CBD are prohibited, including vapable CBD oil, cartridges, and products related to their use (including vaporizers, pens, pipes, etc.). Campaigns for Delta-8 are also prohibited.
Landing pages for permitted CBD campaigns may not include sale of prohibited products, even if the campaign is promoting a permitted product. For example, a campaign advertising CBD gummy bears with a landing page that also sells smokable CBD cartridges and e-cigarettes is not permitted.
CBD ad campaigns must not: contain any direct or implied health, curative, drug, or other therapeutic claims (including claims of physical or mental health benefits); or attract or appeal to minors (such as with cartoons, child-friendly public figures, showing CBD as toys, marketing CBD as candy, etc.).
Casinos and Gambling
Where permitted by law, campaigns for casinos and gambling services are supported, including for sports betting, fantasy sports betting, online casinos, state lotteries, online horse race betting, and brick and mortar casinos.
Clients must have and maintain licensure where required by law, and make such licensure available to Quantcast upon request.
Creatives must contain a responsible gambling message, such as:
“If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, help is available”
; as well as other disclosures as required, for example, providing information about the addictive risks of the advertised games of chance, the prohibition of participation by minors, and the availability of counseling and therapy.
Landing pages must include age self-verification for visitors (age requirement varies by geography).
Ad delivery must be generally tailored to a permissible age group (which varies by geography).
Some geographies and publishers may have display time prohibitions, such as avoiding placement during, before, or after childrens’ programming and/or live sporting events, sexual, religious, and/or political media.
Campaigns must not: appeal to minors, portray characters who appear under the age of 25; advertise casinos or gambling activities for which the Client is not licensed in each geography in which the ads shall be displayed; target individuals self-identifying as gambling addicts on “self-exclusion lists” or seeking help for gambling addictions; encourage problem gambling, promise to fix problems (social, educational, professional, or personal), or suggest gambling is an alternative to employment; and/or suggest that skill can influence games of chance.
Charitable Organizations
Advertising campaigns for Charitable Organizations are supported at Quantcast for advocacy campaigns
(to create support for specific policies, like legal reform),
awareness campaigns
(which focus on education about causes to raise support)
,
and fundraising campaigns.
Campaigns may only be run on behalf of charities that have been formally registered as nonprofit organizations in the geographies within which the Clients wish to run their campaign(s).
Clients must have and maintain licensure where required by law, and make such licensure available to Quantcast upon request, (such as
proof of 501(c)(3) nonprofit status with the IRS
in the United States or
registration on the Charity Register
in the United Kingdom).
Cryptocurrency
Where permitted by law, cryptocurrency campaigns are supported for Clients with required licensure for cryptocurrencies, cryptocurrency exchanges, and products and services associated with cryptocurrency mining, including facilitating use of computing resources (such as hardware products designed for cryptocurrency mining, cloud-based cryptocurrency mining services, and guides for mining cryptocurrency).
Clients must have and maintain licensure where required by law, and make such licensure available to Quantcast upon request.
Campaigns for initial coin offerings and new token sales are prohibited.
Defense Industry
Advertising for the Defense Industry is permitted in certain circumstances.
Campaigns must not: depict firearms.
Employment
Advertising is supported for Employment campaigns, including campaigns for recruiting, hiring, job sites, job fairs and events, and internships.
Campaigns must not: engage in or have the effect of discrimination of legally-protected class demographics as set forth in applicable civil rights, privacy, or other laws and self-regulatory codes. The prohibition also applies to targeting criteria that may be a proxy for protected classes, sometimes including zip codes. Protected classes vary by geography but generally include:
Race, color, ethnicity, or national origin;
Religion and/or political or philosophical belief;
Sex, gender or gender affiliation/identity, or sexual orientation;
Marital status and/or familial status;
Age (provided the applicant has the capacity to contract);
An applicant’s receipt of income (if derived from any public assistance program);
An applicant’s exercise, in good faith, of any right under a consumer protection law.
Healthcare Products & Services (North America Only)
Advertising for certain healthcare products and services is permitted in North America.
Note that globally, campaigns for first aid, personal hygiene, beauty products, wellness, and over-the-counter products for general consumption are not considered healthcare and are supported, so long as products are not offered as a treatment for any specific condition or diagnosis.
Example
: Band-aids are considered a first-aid product.
Example
: Toothpaste for general consumption is considered personal hygiene, i.e., not for the treatment of gingivitis or other conditions or diagnosis.
Example
: Shampoo for general consumption, i.e., not for the treatment of alopecia, dandruff, or other conditions or diagnosis.
Example
: Beauty creams and serums, i.e., not for the treatment of eczema.
Example
: Tylenol for general household use.
Where permitted:
Clients may not provide to Quantcast any Sensitive Personal Information of consumers or users;
Campaigns must not involve any sensitive health condition (as defined by the NAI Code of Conduct);
Campaigns must include required disclaimers; adhere to applicable content restrictions (limitations on creatives); adhere to audience targeting requirements and restrictions.
Clients must have and maintain pre-clearance; authorization and/or licensure where required by law, and make such licensure available to Quantcast upon request.
Campaigns must not: seek to target audiences based on condition diagnosis, or other Sensitive Personal Information; make false treatment claims; and/or promote products subject to recalls or significant government actions (e.g., OxyContin).
Hunting Equipment
Advertising for limited hunting equipment is supported unless prohibited by applicable law. Advertising for firearms, even if solely for hunting, is
not
permitted, regardless of whether permitted by law.
Housing
Advertising is supported for Housing campaigns, including campaigns selling residential and commercial real estate, purchasing residential and commercial real estate, residential commercial real estate services (agents, transactions, listings), residential real estate mortgage loans (APR < 36%), residential real estate home improvement loans (APR < 36%), residential real estate insurance (homeowners’, renters’), residential and commercial real estate development, retirement and disability housing opportunities, and home improvement services.
Non-discrimination: campaigns must not engage in or have the effect of discrimination of legally-protected classes. The prohibition extends to targeting criteria that may be a proxy for protected classes, sometimes including zip codes. Protected classes vary by geography but generally include:
Race, color, ethnicity, or national origin;
Religion and/or political or philosophical belief;
Sex, gender, or gender affiliation;
Marital status and/or familial status;
Age (provided the applicant has the capacity to contract);
The applicant’s receipt of income (if derived from any public assistance program);
The applicant’s exercise, in good faith, of any right under a consumer protection law.
Financial products and services
Advertising is supported for Financial Services campaigns, including for credit cards (with APR < 36%), personal loans (with terms of at least 90 days and APR < 36%), loans for homes, RVs, and boats (with terms of at least 90 days and APR < 36%), nonprofit debt services (where the Client is an approved nonprofit budget and credit counseling agency or a national nonprofit association representing nonprofit credit counseling agencies), banking, financial planning and annuities, insurance (including car, home, RV, boat, and life), tax planning services, and credit monitoring services (excluding credit repair services).
Clients must have and maintain licensure where required by law, and make such licensure available to Quantcast upon request.
Clients must include specific disclosures required by local law.
Campaigns must not promote: short-term loans with a repayment schedule of less than 90 days; high-interest loans or credit cards (i.e., with an APR of 36% or higher); credit repair services; payday loans or for-profit debt services.
Non-discrimination: campaigns must not engage in or have the effect of improper discrimination of legally-protected class demographics as set forth in applicable civil rights, privacy, or other laws and self-regulatory codes. The prohibition also applies to targeting criteria that may be a proxy for protected classes, sometimes including zip codes. Protected classes vary by geography but generally include:
Race, color, ethnicity, or national origin;
Religion and/or political or philosophical belief;
Sex, gender, or gender affiliation;
Marital status and/or familial status;
Age (provided the applicant has the capacity to contract);
The applicant’s receipt of income (if derived from any public assistance program)
The applicant’s exercise, in good faith, of any right under a consumer protection law.
Candidate and Issue Campaigns
Responsible advertising for Political Campaigns may be permitted in limited circumstances in the United States only on a case-by-case basis.
Clients must have and maintain licensure where required by law, and make such licensure available.
Campaign content must include disclosures and disclaimers as required by applicable law, including a “paid for” disclaimer to show the entity or the person responsible for the ad.
Campaigns must not be funded by or otherwise involve foreign national interference; incite violence; encourage lawlessness or insurrection; include hate speech; constitute the distribution of “fake news”; or discriminate or suggest discrimination based on any protected class characteristics or otherwise.
Restricted Characteristics
Regardless of the industry or product category, ad sets and creatives that could reveal or reasonably allow making an inference about a Restricted Characteristic of a user who showed an interest in said creative (i.e., clicking the ad) are not permitted.
Where prohibited by law or self-regulatory code, targeting users based on a known and/or inferred Restricted Characteristic is not permitted.
Tagging or placing pixels on websites and pages featuring content that could reasonably allow making an inference about the Restricted Characteristic of a visitor is not permitted.
This policy is not and should not be construed as legal advice and solely reflects Quantcast’s policy. Clients of Quantcast products and services must seek independent advice from their own counsel regarding compliance with applicable laws, regulations, codes, and industry standards. Quantcast reserves the right to update, modify, and change these policies at any time, at its sole discretion. For the avoidance of doubt, Clients always remain liable for their campaign content and strategies, and for all activities they undertake with the use of Quantcast’s products and/or services.
Effective September 11th 2023
Download
Table of Contents
What this policy covers
We care about your privacy and want you to be informed about what we do. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect personal information from our owned and operated corporate website(s), such as quantcast.com, client-facing portals and other sources, including through your contact with us, and how we use and disclose that information in relation to our corporate activities, such as marketing and recruiting. This document also describes the choices available to you regarding this information.
This policy does not cover information that is collected, used or disclosed in our digital advertising-related technology products and services. For more information on privacy as it relates to the products and services, please go
here
. Additionally, this policy does not apply to the privacy practices of any third parties or other websites that are linked to from our websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these other parties and websites.
Sometimes we will make disclosures at the time of collection – for example on a sign-up form for an email list or webinar. To the extent that those disclosures may be different from the terms of this policy, those disclosures will apply.
We’ll try to make this all as clear and as simple as possible, but if you have questions, you can contact us, and we’ll be happy to help. (See the “Contact Us” section below.)
What we do
Quantcast operates and provides services related to digital marketing. We have products for both advertisers and publishers, and our clients and partners are generally businesses. Our Measure products help website owners to understand the interests and demographics of the people who visit their sites. For companies that want to advertise online, our Advertise products help get their ads in front of the people that are more likely to find them interesting. For consumers, we provide ads that are more useful and relevant to their interests. And for websites, our Advertise products help drive advertising revenue, without which the free Internet we all use every day would not exist. In short, we try to make online advertising more efficient and pleasant for everyone. In order to do all this, we collect and analyze data about individual consumer interests and demographics.
We also offer
Quantcast Choice
, a consent management tool for publishers and advertisers built on the
IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework
that helps website operators provide consumers with information and choices about data. From time to time, we may offer additional products.
You can read more about privacy in relation to our services here.
.
Quantcast is an active member or participant of industry associations that govern the policies around online consumer privacy in the context of internet-based advertising, including: the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI), the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA), and the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA). Quantcast complies with the
NAI Code of Conduct
, the
DAA Self-Regulatory Principles
, and the
EDAA Self-Regulatory Principles
. We believe that these codes and principles help protect consumer privacy.
We also use, and adhere to the policies of, the IAB EU Transparency & Consent Framework (TCF) as part of our compliance with EU data protection law. See
https://iabeurope.eu/transparency-consent-framework/
for more information.
Information we collect
The information we collect includes personal information (also called  personal data). What type of personal information depends on the particular circumstances.
When you visit our website(s) we collect information about your visit, including IP address, cookie or other identifiers, geolocation, your browsing history and other activity on the site, and how you got to our site.
We collect your contact information when you provide it to us, including name, email address, address, phone, and any other information you provide.
If you are a client or partner we may receive your business contact information from you or your employer as part of the business relationship.
We may collect information from marketing or other informational emails that we send you, using cookies and/or pixels to measure, for example, open rates.
We collect information for recruiting and business-to-business marketing from third-party sources where it is made available for these purposes, including social media sites like LinkedIn or marketing lead lists.
When you apply for a job at Quantcast we might collect a variety of personal information about you, your qualifications and experience, and your eligibility to work for us, including information like degrees, licenses and certifications, references, and more.
We may match information across different sources in order to advance the purposes described in this policy, including that we may match information like your email to information about your activity on our website.
We may work with partners who collect information from our website(s) or other sources, for the purposes described  here.
When we collect or receive information from a third-party, such as from a job recruiting site, your provision of and our access to information will be governed by those parties’ own policies and applicable laws.
Quantcast does not knowingly collect or use personal information from children under 16. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with personal information, that parent or guardian should contact us. If we become aware that a child has provided us with personal information, we will delete such information from our files.
How we use your information
We use website activity to better understand and improve the usability and effectiveness of our site and for fraud or crime prevention or debugging.
We also use website activity to enhance our marketing to existing and potential customers, including by matching it with other personal information to improve our marketing.
We and partners we work with may collect information from your visits to our website or from other information we have collected from or about you for marketing and advertising purposes, and we may use automated processes to make inferences about you in order to make our marketing more relevant and effective.
We use information about you to respond to queries and requests, and if you are a customer, send you administrative emails and product updates.
We or our vendors may use information for event planning and management, recruiting, marketing and advertising.
We use information for recruiting and hiring purposes, such as to find, contact, and evaluate potential employees, or to respond to your applications for employment; however, this policy does not cover personal information in the context of current or former employment relationships.
We may use information as reasonably needed to protect our business interests or as required by law.
We may use information for other corporate administrative functions consistent with the purposes above.
Sharing and disclosure of personal information
We will share or disclose personal information to the extent legally permissible for these purposes:
We may use and disclose information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we believe necessary: (i) to comply with any applicable laws, regulations, and valid subpoenas, warrants, and court orders; (ii) to protect the rights, property, and safety of ourselves, third parties, or the public in general; and (iii) to prevent or stop activity we consider to be illegal, harmful, or unethical.
We may sell, transfer, or otherwise share some or all of our assets, including information we collect about you, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization, or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy. We may also make certain information available to a potential investor or purchaser (and their advisers) in advance of any such transaction completion.
If you are a customer, we may share the information as needed to provide and operate our products and services.
We may share information among our affiliated companies.
We share information with vendors, service providers, and partners for the purposes described in this policy, including that we may share information with partners who help us advertise our products and services on other websites, apps, or other locations.
We may share information with other third parties at your request or with your permission, or when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or to any other third party with your prior consent to do so.
We do not sell the personal information described in this policy, as that term (sell) is defined by the California Consumer Protection Act.
Our websites may include third party content like video players or social media features, such as YouTube videos or the Facebook “like” button. These features may allow the social media provider, like Facebook, to collect certain information, such as your IP address, cookies and the page you are visiting. We may also communicate information to you about our products and services using social media platforms. Your interactions with social media, these features and data collection enabled by such social media features are governed by the privacy policy of the social media provider offering them. Please note that links to social media platforms or content from our website does not mean that we endorse the linked social media platform and/or content.
Cookies on our websites
We use cookies and similar technology on our websites for the purposes described here.
“Cookies” are data files that are stored on your browser or device and are used to recognize browsers over time, as well as for other purposes. Cookies allow us to recognize your device and remember information, such as your preferred language and other general settings, and allows us to track your activity across web pages.
Cookies set in the domain of the website you are visiting, i.e. quantcast.com, are called “first party cookies”. Cookies set on other domains are called “third party cookies”. Our websites use both first party and third-party cookies.
For more information about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set on your device and how to manage and delete them, visit
www.allaboutcookies.org
and
www.youronlinechoices.eu
.
Your choices and rights
If you are a customer you may be able to access, change, or delete your personal information by logging into the customer portal.
Industry opt-out pages.
The online advertising industry provides websites from which you may opt out of interest-based advertising that participate in self-regulatory programs. The US-based opt out pages are
www.aboutads.info/choices
and
www.networkadvertising.org/choices
. The European based page is
www.youronlinechoices.com
. In Canada, use
youradchoices.ca/choices
.
For mobile apps.
You can opt out of certain data collection and use on most mobile devices by using your device settings. We are not able to directly access the Mobile App Opt Out on devices that offer it. To learn how to use the mobile app opt out, consult your device instructions. To find information on Opting out on Mobile Devices please visit
http://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choice
.
If you would like to request that we stop using information about you, you can contact us using the information below under Contact Us.
You may submit a verifiable request through Quantcast’s Data Subject Rights page, which can be found
here
. California residents may also submit verifiable requests by contacting Quantcast via email privacy [at] quantcast [dot] com.
When you visit our website, you may be presented with information about cookies and data collection on our website by us and other parties, and may be given the opportunity to make choices about that collection and subsequent use.
If you are in the European Economic Area, Switzerland, or the UK, you may have rights under the European or UK General Data Protection Regulation. These rights include the right to access, deletion, rectification, portability. You may also be able to revoke your consent to, object to, or request to restrict our processing of your information. And you may have the right to be informed of international transfers of your information. If you would like to exercise any of your rights, you may contact us using the information below under Contact Us. If you have a concern or complaint, you may contact us or our Data Protection Officer or you have the right to complain to a data protection regulator. Again, see Contact Us for information.
If you reside in California, you may have rights under the California Consumer Protection Act. These rights include the right to be informed about general categories and specific information we collect about you, the right to know categories of sources of information, the right to know about information about you that is sold or shared, including the categories of third parties with whom the information is shared, the right to have information about you deleted, the right to opt out of selling or certain sharing of information. Additionally, you have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of these rights. You may submit a request using the information in Contact Us. Consistent with California law and to provide for the security of Personal information, Quantcast will verify requests from California residents, as well as requests received from authorized agents acting on behalf of California residents.
Quantcast Information Control
The Quantcast Site and Services are made available and provided to persons residing within the United States by Quantcast Corporation, located at 795 Folsom Street, San Francisco, CA 94107. Information or data relating to persons within the United States provided to or gathered by the Quantcast Site or Services is controlled by Quantcast Corporation.
The Quantcast Site and Services are made available to persons resident outside the United States by Quantcast International Limited, located at Beaux Lane House, Lower Mercer Street, 1st Floor, Dublin 2, Ireland. Information or data relating to persons resident outside the United States provided to or gathered by the Quantcast Site or Services is controlled by Quantcast International Limited.
Our Legal Basis for Processing Personal information
In order to deliver our Services, we use the information described in this Privacy Policy as necessary for our legitimate interests, unless those interests are overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms that require protection of Personal information. Our legitimate interests include providing, improving, and customizing our websites, marketing our products and services to current and potential customers, finding and hiring employees, and preventing fraud and other nefarious or harmful activities. We may share your information (as described in this Privacy Policy) where necessary to pursue our legitimate interests. You have the right to object to our use of your Personal information to pursue our legitimate interests, which is described in the How To Object and Opt Out section below.
In addition, where you have given us consent to use your information in certain ways, we will rely on your consent to process the information. You may revoke that consent at any time. Please see the Your Choices and Rights section for information as to how you may withdraw your consent.
International transfers
Quantcast operates a global service. Your information is transferred internationally between Quantcast affiliate companies and our Partners to countries around the world including the United States, where the privacy and data protection laws may be different than those in your jurisdiction. We use standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission, and may rely on the European Commission’s adequacy decisions about certain countries, as applicable, for data transfers from the EEA to the United States and other countries. You can contact us to request a copy of our Standard Contractual Clauses.
Security and retention
We employ administrative, physical, and technical measures designed to protect the confidentiality and integrity of Personal information that we store. These measures may include encryption and employment of information storage security technologies to restrict access to our network. Please be aware that no method of transmitting information over the Internet or storing information is completely secure. We have procedures and security features in place to help keep your data secure once we receive it. Additionally, in some instances our Partners or others may provide information to us in unencrypted form.
We retain the information described in this policy for the purposes described in this policy, and or including:
As business records reasonably retained in the normal course of business;
To respond to any questions, complaints or claims that may be made by you or on your behalf; or
To keep records required by law.
We will retain the information for as long as it is reasonably needed for the purposes or as is otherwise legally required.
Changes to this policy
Any information that we collect is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time that information is collected. Changes to our Privacy Policy will be reflected here or on some successor or replacement page on our website.
Contact us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please let us know.
If you are a customer, please contact us through your account representative.
For others:
Persons in the United States, please contact:
Quantcast Corp.
795 Folsom Street
San Francisco, CA 94107
Email: privacy [at] quantcast [dot] com
Persons outside of the United States, please contact:
Quantcast International Limited
Beaux Lane House
Lower Mercer Street, 1st Floor
Dublin 2, Ireland
Email: privacy.qil [at] quantcast [dot] com
The Data Protection Officer for Quantcast International Limited can be contacted at dpo [at] quantcast [dot] com.
If you have contacted us or our Data Protection Officer about a privacy or data use concern and feel that we have not addressed it satisfactorily, you may contact our US-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
If you are a resident of the EEA, you also have the right to lodge a complaint against us with our lead supervisory authority, the
Irish Data Protection Commission
, or your
local supervisory authority
in the country in which you reside.
Effective December 16th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Products and Services Privacy Policy
This Policy takes effect on December 15 2024.
Products and Services Privacy Policy
Who we are and what we do
Scope of this Privacy Policy
Self-regulatory standards
Information collection
Information use and legal basis
Information sharing
Information security
Information retention
International transfers
Your choices and legal rights
Additional information for EEA, UK, and Switzerland residents
Additional information for residents of certain U.S. states
Contact us
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Capitalised terms used in this Products and Services Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”) are defined in
Key Terms
unless otherwise defined herein.
To exercise your Data Subject Rights (described in the
Your choices and legal rights
below), please visit the
Quantcast Privacy Choices
page.
Who we are and what we do
Quantcast (“we”, “our”, or “us”) is a global digital advertising technology group of companies. Quantcast offers Solutions that help digital advertisers and publishers (collectively, “Clients”) understand and grow their client base. Through Quantcast Advertise Solutions, advertiser Clients can plan, activate, and measure the performance of their advertising campaigns seamlessly in a single audience platform, which helps them to place their ads to maximise results. Through Quantcast Measure Solutions, digital publisher Clients leverage insights to better understand the makeup of their audiences, how audiences spend their time across their digital properties, and what audiences care about, all of which help these digital businesses better connect their content and Audiences with the right advertising. We will refer to all of these services as “Solutions.”
To provide the Solutions, Quantcast collects and uses Personal Information for various purposes, such as measuring and understanding audiences, targeting and delivering ads, measuring ad performance, and similar related purposes. As described in the
Information Collection
section below, we may join or match Personal Information about you, which may include your Online Data from your visits across different digital properties, like websites,mobile apps, or streaming media devices (such as connected TVs (“CTVs”)), that have implemented Quantcast Pixels, Tags or SDKs (which is sometimes called “tracking” in the industry) or Offline Data . This allows us, for example, to enrich our existing data sets and provide meaningful reports for our Clients regarding the effectiveness of their ads or content. We may also combine Personal Information that we collect in order to probabilistically link media consumption to a single user, which is sometimes called Cross-Media Matching/Linking. To the extent that we combine Personal Information that we collect from and about you in connection with our performance of the Solutions, we will use such combined information only as described in this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy describes in more detail how we collect, use, disclose, and protect Personal Information, otherwise obtain and Process it in connection with the delivery of the Solutions, and the controls we provide you to manage such information and exercise your choices and legal rights. As noted in the
Information use and legal basis
section below, we use the
Transparency and Consent Framework
(“TCF”) standard to facilitate compliance with applicable laws in Europe, primarily in accordance with the EU and UK General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”). Because the TCF is one means of explaining Processing activities, and because our Processing activities are consistent globally, the TCF Purposes are applicable to all Personal Information that we Process (regardless of the information’s country of origin).
In the United States, the Solutions are provided by Quantcast Corporation, located at 795 Folsom Street, San Francisco, CA 94107. Personal Information relating to individuals located within the United States provided to or gathered by us in connection with the delivery of the Solutions is controlled by Quantcast Corporation.
Outside of the United States, the Solutions are provided by Quantcast International Limited, located at Beaux Lane House, Lower Mercer Street, Dublin 2, Ireland. In so far as Quantcast acts as a “controller” (as defined under applicable law), Quantcast International Limited is the controller of your Personal Information if you reside in the European Economic Area (EEA), United Kingdom (UK), Switzerland, or any other jurisdiction outside of the United States.
Scope of this Privacy Policy
See
Key Terms
for definitions of capitalized terms.
This Privacy Policy covers Quantcast’s use of Personal Information for the Solutions only. This Privacy Policy does not cover:
Personal Information collected from our website, www.quantcast.com, except to the extent that we use our own Solutions on our website. It also does not pertain to the collection and use of Personal Information in connection with our corporate functions, such as marketing, recruiting, people management, business-to-business communications, and so forth. For our privacy policy relating to our website and our corporate functions, please click
here
.
Any third parties’ handling of Personal Information, unless explicitly stated otherwise. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any other companies that you engage or interact with to understand their information handling and privacy practices.
We use some phrases in this Privacy Policy that are unique to our business and/or the digital advertising industry. For a list of defined terms that you should familiarise yourself with to make it easier to review this Privacy Policy, please review the
Key Terms
.
For clarity, we want to note that in some circumstances, Quantcast may also process certain Personal Information described in this Privacy Policy as a processor/service provider.
California Notice at Collection: We collect the categories of Personal Information listed in the
Additional information for residents of certain U.S. states
section below. As further described in the
Information use and legal basis
section below, we collect this information in order to deliver the Solutions and conduct our business. To learn more, please see the
Additional information for residents of certain U.S. states
section.
Self-regulatory standards
See
Key Terms
for definitions of capitalized terms.
Quantcast supports and participates in several digital advertising self-regulatory organisations, as further described below.
We are members of the
Network Advertising Initiative (NAI)
.
We participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) and adhere to the
DAA Self-Regulatory Principles
.
We participate in the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) and are certified under the
EDAA Principles
.
We participate in, and comply with, the policies and technical specifications of the
IAB Transparency and Consent Framework (TCF)
as a vendor. Quantcast’s IAB Europe-assigned identification number is Vendor ID #11.
Please see the
Your choices and legal rights
section of this Privacy Policy for more information about the opt-out tools offered by the NAI, DAA, and EDAA.
Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a preference that you can set in certain web browsers to inform the websites you visit that you do not want information about your online activity collected over time and across third-party websites or online services. We do not honor DNT at this time, due to the lack of a clear industry standard. Please visit the
Quantcast Privacy Choices
page for your opt-out options.
Information collection
See
Key Terms
for definitions of capitalized terms.
We collect or receive Personal Information about or relating to you in various ways, including from digital properties, like websites, mobile apps, or streaming media devices (such as connected TVs (“CTVs”), and other sources of digital content. Details about the categories of Personal Information we collect and receive, the source or manner in which we obtain each category of Personal Information, the purpose(s) for which we Process each category of Personal Information, and the retention period for each category of Personal Information we Process can be found in the table below. As described in the
Who we are and what we do
section, where applicable the Processing purposes identified in the table below are tied to the TCF Purposes outlined in the
Information use and legal bases
section.
Category and Description of Personal Information
Source of Personal Information
Purpose for Processing (including where relevant the TCF Purpose) and Retention Period
Pseudonymous Identifiers: unique values that distinguish your browser profile(s) or device(s).
Examples include a Cookie ID, device IP Address, hashed email addresses, 3rd party identifiers, or other Device Identifiers or Device Configuration/ Information.
Usually generated when Pixels, Tags, or SDKs are loaded by a Client on its digital property (i.e., website, mobile app, or device) and sends information to us. Different kinds of Pixels, Tags, or SDKs are used for different purposes, but the types of information generated are the same.
Such information may also be received through a server- to- server connection, such as when receiving a Bid Request.
.
Pseudonymous Identifiers will be retained for up to 13 months for the following purposes
(NOTE: storing/accessing data on a device is the cookie lifespan - up to 13 months each time the cookie is reset)
:
Store and/or access information on a device (TCF Purpose 1)
Use limited data to select advertising (TCF Purpose 2)
Create profiles for personalised advertising (TCF Purpose 3)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (TCF Purpose 4)
Measure advertising performance (TCF Purpose 7)
Measure content performance (TCF Purpose 8)
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources (TCF Purpose 9)
Develop and improve services (TCF Purpose 10)
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors (TCF Special Purpose 1 )
Deliver and present advertising and content (TCF Special Purpose 2)
Save and communicate privacy choices (Special Purpose 3)
Match and combine data from other data sources (TCF Feature 1)
Link different devices (TCF Feature 2)
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically (TCF Feature 3)
Recording consent choices made by users
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information: The time zone and approximate geolocation (e.g., postal code or city) of your device.
Inferred or derived by Quantcast from your device’s IP Address or included in Bid Requests.
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information will be retained for up to Up to 13 months for the following Purposes:
Use limited data to select advertising (TCF Purpose 2)
Create profiles for advertising (TCF Purpose 3)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (TCF Purpose 4)
Measure advertising performance (TCF Purpose 7)
Measure content performance (TCF Purpose 8)
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources (TCF Purpose 9)
Develop and improve products (TCF Purpose 10)
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors (TCF Special Purpose 1)
Deliver and present advertising and content (TCF Special Purpose 2)
Save and communicate privacy choices (Special Purpose 3)
Match and combine data from other data Link different devices (TCF Feature 2)
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically (TCF Feature 3)
Event Data: Information relating to your Online Data, which may include Pseudonymous Identifiers, Imprecise/Approximate Location Information, HTTP Request Header Information, Device Information, and Browsing Data.
Generated when Pixels, Tags or SDKs, installed by a Client on its digital property, loads and sends information to us.
Different kinds of Pixels, Tags or SDKs are used for different purposes, but the types of information generated are the same.
Event Data will be retained for up to 13 months for the following Purposes:
Create profiles for advertising (TCF Purpose 3)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (TCF Purpose 4)
Measure advertising performance (TCF Purpose 7)
Measure content performance (TCF Purpose 8)
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources (TCF Purpose 9)
Develop and improve products (TCF Purpose 10)
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors (TCF Special Purpose 1)
Deliver and present advertising and content (TCF Special Purpose 2)
Save and communicate privacy choices (Special Purpose 3)
Link different devices (TCF Feature 2)
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically (TCF Feature 3)
Bid Request Data: A bid request is an offer from a digital inventory provider (e.g., a publisher or Exchange),, to show an ad on a digital property. Bid Request Data includes information about your visit to the digital property, which helps us understand where an ad will be displayed, Device Information, and who might see it.
Bid Request Data also commonly includes a Pseudonymous Identifier (if available), the content that the ad would serve into, the type of device the ad would be served on, the Imprecise / Approximate Location Information of the device, the size of the ad, and consent information. Because Bid Requests include information about the content you are visiting, over time, accumulated Bid Requests may show your browsing behavior.
Received from a digital inventory provider.
Bid Request Data will be retained for up to 13 months for the following Purposes:
Use limited data to select advertising (TCF Purpose 2)
Create profiles for advertising (TCF Purpose 3)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (TCF Purpose 4)
Measure advertising performance (TCF Purpose 7)
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources (TCF Purpose 9)
Develop and improve products (TCF Purpose 10)
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors (TCF Special Purpose 1)
Deliver and present advertising and content (TCF Special Purpose 2)
Save and communicate privacy choices (Special Purpose 3)
Link different devices (TCF Feature 2)
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically (TCF Feature 3)
Imported Data (Client): Pseudonymised Information, which may include Online Data, and/or Offline Data that may be apportioned by Browsing Data, Attributes, Segments, Label Data and Interests.
Uploaded to the Quantcast platform or provided to us via an Application Programming Interface (“API”) by a particular Client for use on its behalf.
Imported Data (client) will be retained for up to 30 days for the following Purposes:
Create profiles for advertising (TCF Purpose 3)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (TCF Purpose 4)
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources (TCF Purpose 9)
Develop and improve products (TCF Purpose 10)
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud (TCF Special Purpose 1)
(For clarity, Quantcast may retain data for a different period if instructed by a Client for which Quantcast is acting as a service provider/processor.)
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment): Pseudonymised Information, which may include Online Data, and/or Offline Data that may be apportioned by Browsing Data, Attributes, Segments, Label Data and Interests.
Uploaded to the Quantcast platform or provided to us via an API by third-party Data Management Platforms or Data Providers.
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment) will be retained for up to 30 days for the following Purposes:
Create profiles for advertising (TCF Purpose 3)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (TCF Purpose 4)
TUnderstand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources (TCF Purpose 9)
Develop and improve products (TCF Purpose 10)
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors (TCF Special Purpose 1)
(For clarity, Quantcast may retain data for a different period if instructed by a Client for which Quantcast is acting as a service provider/processor.)
Inferences/Inferred Data: Information drawn from the above-listed categories of information (i.e., Event Data, Bid Request Data, Imported Data (Client), and Imported Data (Third Party/Segment)).
We may, for example, use information that we have collected to infer your interests, age, gender, marital status, or income range. These Inferences may include Interests and Attributes.
Derived by Quantcast from previously collected Event Data, Bid Request Data, Imported Data (Client), and/or Imported Data (Third Party/Segment).
Inferences/Inferred Data will be retained for up to 13 months for the following Purposes:
Create profiles for advertising (TCF Purpose 3)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (TCF Purpose 4)
Measure advertising performance (TCF Purpose 7)
Measure content performance (TCF Purpose 83)
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources (TCF Purpose 9)
Develop and improve products (TCF Purpose 10)
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors (TCF Special Purpose 1)
Training Data: Pseudonymous Information used to improve Quantcast’s algorithms and measure how well they are working.
Received from third-party data providers and matched to Pseudonymous Identifiers.
Training Data will be retained for up to 30 days for the following Purposes:
TCF Purpose 3: Create profiles for advertising (TCF Purpose 3)
TCF Purpose 8: Measure content performance (TCF Purpose 8)
TCF Purpose 9: Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources (TCF Purpose 9)
TCF Purpose 10: Develop and improve products (TCF Purpose 10)
TCF Special Purpose 1: Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors (TCF Special Purpose 1)
Information you provide: This may include your contact details, (e.g., name, email address, or phone number) and any commentary or other information you provide when you contact Quantcast.
Provided by you when you contact Quantcast.
Carrying out our legitimate business purposes.
Retention Period: up to 18 months
Additionally, any of the categories of Personal Information described above may be Processed and retained for the following purposes.
Establishing, bringing, or defending against complaints, legal claims (including threatened or anticipated legal claims), and regulatory inquiries
Retained as needed for these purposes, including as required by applicable law. Otherwise, categories of Personal Information and associated retention periods are determined by the underlying purpose for which the Personal Information is Processed.
Responding to legal requests
Complying with relevant laws and regulations
Conducting research
Categories of Personal Information and associated retention periods are determined by the underlying purpose for which the Personal Information is Processed.
Hosting of Personal Information for above-listed purposes
Categories of Personal Information and associated retention periods are determined by the underlying purpose for which the Personal Information is Processed.
Sensitive information
We generally do not seek or permit sensitive Personal Information (e.g., information revealing an individual’s racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership; genetic or biometric data that is Processed for the purpose of uniquely identifying an individual; information concerning an individual’s health, sex life, or sexual orientation; and information relating to criminal convictions and offenses) to be used in the Solutions. Outside of the EEA, UK, and Switzerland, to the extent that applicable laws and regulations recognize and allow collection of non-sensitive health information, we may collect and Process such information. If we were to Process sensitive Personal Information, we would seek and obtain your consent and/or otherwise Process such information in accordance with applicable laws and rules.
Children’s information
We do not knowingly process Personal Information about data subjects considered to be children under applicable law. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that Quantcast has received Personal Information about his or her child, the parent or guardian should contact us at privacy[at]quantcast[dot com. If we become aware that we have received Personal Information about data subjects considered to be children under applicable law, we will take all reasonable steps to delete such information from our files.
Contractual commitments from our Clients and third-party Data Providers:
We contractually require other companies that provide or make available to us Personal Information to take steps to ensure that we can lawfully Process such information, which include: (i) posting complete and accurate privacy policies that comply with applicable laws and rules and describe their Personal Information collection, use, and sharing practices; (ii) obtaining all legally-required consents and necessary permissions; and (iii) providing individuals with appropriate choices and the ability to opt out of the Processing of their Personal Information, where necessary or appropriate.
Information use and legal basis
See
Key Terms
for definitions of capitalized terms.
As described in the
Who we are and what we do
section, we generally use the TCF as the mechanism for describing our Processing activities, and in Europe specifically for establishing our legal basis for Processing and managing users’ preferences for online personalised advertising and related activities. The TCF is designed to allow a digital business to present information and choices to users on its website relating to the Processing of their Personal Information.
We Process Personal Information for the purposes for which it was collected or provided to us. The table below describes the specific purposes for which we Process the Personal Information we collect or otherwise obtain about you. This table includes:
the purposes for which Quantcast Processes Personal Information ,which are tied to the defined purposes for Processing, special purposes, and features set forth in the
TCF Policies
and official technical documentation disseminated by IAB Europe where applicable(see Appendix A of the
TCF Policies
for examples and illustrations of the purposes, special purposes and features)
a description of each Processing activity using TCF-specific terminology (to the extent applicable), and
the legal basis that we rely on to perform each of our Processing activities.
Please note that in Europe, where we indicate that “Legitimate Interests” in accordance with the GDPR is the legal basis for Processing, we carry out the Processing in reliance on our legitimate interests or those of a third party (e.g., our Clients), provided that such interests are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
Processing Purpose / TCF Purpose (where TCF is applicable)
Description of Processing Activity (using TCF Purpose terms)
Legal Basis for Processing for EU/UK
Storing and/or accessing information on a device (TCF Purpose 1)
Cookies, Device Identifiers, or other information more fully described in association with the purposes below and in the tables above can be stored or accessed on your device for the purposes presented to you.
Consent
Use limited data to select advertising (TCF Purpose 2)
Ads can be shown to you based on the content you’re viewing, the app you’re using, your device’s
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information, or your device type.
When selecting “Use limited data to select advertising”, Quantcast will:
Use real-time information about the context in which the ad will be shown, including information about the content and your device, such as: device type and capabilities, User Agent, URL, and IP Address
Use your device’s Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
Control the frequency of ads shown to you
Sequence the order in which ads are shown to you
Prevent an ad from serving in an unsuitable editorial (brand-unsafe) context
Consent or Legitimate Interests, depending on the choice of the Client that is using the TCF.
Where we rely on Legitimate Interests, we carry out the Processing to help our advertiser Clients meet their objectives of finding new customers and growing their brands through the delivery of relevant ads.
Creating profiles for personalised ads (TCF Purpose 3)
A profile can be built about you and your Interests to show you personalised ads that are relevant to you.
To create or edit a profile for use in personalised advertising, Quantcast will:
Collect information about you, including your activity, visits to websites or mobile apps or streaming media, or Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
Aggregate Attributes and Interests and Panel-based demographic information,
Combine information with other information previously collected, including from across websites or mobile apps or streaming media
Consent
Using profiles to select personalised ads (TCF Purpose 4)
When serving personalised ads, Quantcast will select personalised ads based on Personal Information collected from or about you, such as your prior activity, Interests, visits to websites or mobile apps or streaming media, Imprecise/Approximate Location Information, demographic information or Inferences.
Consent
Measuring advertising performance (TCF Purpose 7)
Quantcast will measure the performance and effectiveness of ads that you see or interact with.
In particular, to measure whether and how ads were delivered to you and how you interacted with them, Quantcast will:
Provide reporting to Clients about ads, including their effectiveness and performance
Provide reporting to Clients about your interactions with ads using data observed during your interaction with the ad
Provide reporting to Clients about the ads displayed on their properties
Measure whether an ad is serving in a suitable editorial environment (brand-safe) context
Determine the percentage of the ad that had the opportunity to be seen and the duration of that opportunity
Combine this information with other information previously collected, including from across websites or mobile apps or streaming media
In the provision of the Solutions to some Clients, Quantcast may correlate information between entries within its own datasets that have the same Pseudonymous Identifier or with information obtained from Ad Serving, Ad Verification, or Data Management Platforms/Data Providers. We do this to provide aggregated reporting to Clients about the number of visitors to their digital properties.
Quantcast does not apply Panel or similarly derived Audience Insights data to ad measurement data without a separate legal basis to apply market research to generate Audience Insights.
Consent or Legitimate Interests, depending on the choice of the Client that is using the TCF.
Where we rely on Legitimate Interests, we carry out the Processing to help our advertiser Clients meet their objective of ascertaining, measuring, and improving the effectiveness of their ad campaigns.
Measuring content performance (TCF Purpose 8)
The performance and effectiveness of content that you see or interact with can be measured.
To measure content performance, Quantcast will:
Measure and report to Clients on how content was delivered to and interacted with by you
Provide reporting to Clients, using directly measurable or known information about your interactions with the content
Combine this information with other information previously collected, including from across visits to websites or mobile apps or streaming media
Consent or Legitimate Interests, depending on the choice of the Client that is using the TCF.
Where we rely on Legitimate Interests, we carry out the Processing to help our Clients meet their objective of executing their digital content strategies more effectively.
Understanding audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources i.e., applying market research to generate Audience Insights (TCF Purpose 9)
Market research can be used to learn more about the Audiences who visit websites, mobile apps, or streaming media, and view ads.
To generate Audience Insights, Quantcast will:
Provide aggregate reporting to advertisers or their representatives (such as advertising agencies) about the Audiences reached by their ads, through Panel-based and similarly derived insights
Provide aggregate reporting to Clients about the Audiences that were served or interacted with content and/or ads on their properties by applying Panel-based and similarly derived insights
Associate Offline Data with you for the purposes of market research to generate Audience Insights (if we have declared that we will match and combine Offline Data sources)
Combine this information with other information previously collected, including from visits to websites or mobile apps or streaming media
Consent or Legitimate Interests, depending on the choice of the Client that is using the TCF.
Where we rely on Legitimate Interests, we carry out the Processing to help our Clients meet their objectives of finding new customers and growing their brands through the delivery of relevant ads and/or executing their digital content strategies more effectively.
Developing and improving services (TCF Purpose 10 )
Your information can be used to improve Quantcast’s existing systems and software and to develop new products.
To develop and improve its products, Quantcast will:
Use information to improve its existing products with new features and to develop new products
Create new models and algorithms through machine learning
Quantcast primarily uses Training Data to train its algorithms how to infer individuals’ Attributes and Interests in the context of the Solutions.
Consent or Legitimate Interest, depending on the choice of the Client that is using the TCF.
Where we rely on Legitimate Interests, we carry out the Processing to meet our organisational objective of continuously improving the Solutions for our Clients.
Ensuring security, preventing and detecting fraud, and fixing errors (TCF Special Purpose 1)
Your information can be used to monitor for and prevent fraudulent activity and ensure our systems and processes work properly and securely.
To ensure security, prevent fraud, and debug, Quantcast will:
Ensure information is securely transmitted
Detect and prevent malicious, fraudulent, invalid, or illegal activity
Ensure correct and efficient operation of systems and processes, including monitoring and enhancing the performance of systems and processes engaged in permitted purposes
Legitimate Interests
We conduct the Processing to meet organisational objectives such as to maintain our IT systems; to ensure the electronic security of our business; and to detect and prevent against malicious, fraudulent, invalid, and illegal activity.
Technically deliver ads or content (TCF Special Purpose 2)
Your device can receive and send information that allows you to see and interact with ads and content.
To deliver information and respond to technical requests, Quantcast will:
Use your device’s IP Address to deliver an ad or content over the internet
Respond to your interactions with an ad or content by sending you to a landing page
Use information about your device type and capabilities for delivering ads or content (e.g., to deliver the right size ad creative or video file in a format supported by your device)
Quantcast may also match Pseudonymous Identifiers with third parties in order to deliver ads to Audiences.
Legitimate Interests
We carry out the Processing to help our advertiser Clients meet their objective to ascertain, measure, and improve the effectiveness of their ad campaigns.
Save and communicate privacy choices (Special Purpose 3)
The consent choices you make on a digital property regarding the use of your information and profiles for the purposes listed above are saved and made available to Quantcast. This is necessary to allow Quantcast to respect your choices.
Legitimate Interests
We carry out the Processing to meet our requirements to respect your consent choices.
Matching and combining data from other sources i.e. offline data (TCF Feature 1)
Offline Data can be combined with your online activity in support of one or more purposes or special purposes outlined in this table.
The legal basis will depend on the TCF Purpose pursued.
Linking different devices (TCF Feature 2)
Different devices can be determined as belonging to you or your household in support of one or more purposes.
Through Cross-Media Matching/Linking, Quantcast will:
Deterministically determine that two or more devices belong to you or your household
Probabilistically determine that two or more devices belong to you or your household
The legal basis will depend on the TCF Purpose pursued.
Receiving and using automatically sent device characteristics for identification (TCF Feature 3)
Your device will be distinguished from other devices based on information it automatically sends, such as IP Address or browser type.
In particular, Quantcast will:
Create an identifier using information collected automatically from your device for specific characteristics (e.g., IP Address or User Agent information)
Use such an identifier to attempt to re-identify your device
The legal basis will depend on the TCF Purpose pursued.
Establishing, bringing, or defending against complaints, legal claims (including threatened or anticipated legal claims), and regulatory inquiries
We Process, preserve, and share Personal Information when we seek legal advice or seek to protect ourselves in the context of litigation and other disputes.
Legitimate Interests
We carry out the Processing to meet our objective of protecting ourselves and others, including in connection with investigations, litigation, and regulatory inquiries.
Responding to legal requests
We preserve and share Personal Information in response to legal requests from law enforcement and other government officials, to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process, and when we believe in good faith that disclosure of such information is necessary to comply with a judicial proceeding or court order.
Legitimate Interests
We carry out the Processing to meet our objective of protecting ourselves and others, including in connection with investigations and regulatory inquiries.
Complying with relevant laws and regulations
We Process Personal Information to comply with our legal obligations under applicable law.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to Process Personal Information we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters: where we are in receipt of a court order to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006 or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required
Consumer matters: to comply with our obligations under consumer law, such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014 (e.g., where the Irish Competition and Consumer Protection Commission requests information)
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations under company legislation and tax law, such as the Companies Act 2014 or where the Irish Revenue requests information
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations under data protection laws, including to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the GDPR and the Data Protection Act 2018
See
https://legal.quantcast.com/#laws
for the current list of laws which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Quantcast which results in the Processing of Personal Information. As new laws may be enacted or other obligations may require us to Process your Personal Information, we will update this list from time to time.
Compliance with a legal obligation.
Conducting research
We use Personal Information to conduct research, surveys, product testing, and troubleshooting to help us operate and improve our products and services.
Legitimate Interests
We carry out the Processing to meet our organisational objective of delivering and continuously improving the Solutions for our Clients.
Hosting information
We Process Personal Information to manage our business, which includes hosting Personal Information in our on-premise data centers and/or cloud computing services.
Legitimate Interests
We carry out the Processing to meet our organisational objective of delivering the Solutions to our Clients.
Information sharing
See
Key Terms
for definitions of capitalized terms.
In connection with one or more of the purposes outlined in the
Information use and legal basis
section above, we may share your Personal Information with the categories of third parties described below.
Category of Recipient
Description and Purpose of Sharing
Categories of Personal Information Shared
Quantcast-affiliated companies
We share your Personal Information with Quantcast-affiliated companies in order to provide the Solutions.
All or certain categories of Personal Information are shared only as necessary or appropriate.
Our vendors (including service providers/data processors)
Visit the
Quantcast Partner Page
for a list of some of our vendors.
We share your Personal Information with vendors who act on our behalf and are subject to binding contractual obligations and restrictions on the Processing of Personal Information we share with them. For example, these companies assist with information hosting, information Processing, database management, and administrative tasks.
All or certain categories of Personal Information are shared only as necessary or appropriate.
Our partners, such as Data Management Platforms and Data Providers and Advertising Exchanges
Visit the
Quantcast Partner Page
for a list of some of our partners
We share Pseudonymous Identifiers with companies that we partner with to support the operation of the Solutions. Specifically, Quantcast shares Pseudonymous Identifiers with 1) data providers via Data Management Platforms for the purpose of performing Cookie Syncing/Matches with Imported Data (Client) and Third Party/Segment Data, and 2) and Advertising Exchanges for the purpose of serving ads.
Pseudonymous Identifiers.
Relevant third parties as part of a corporate transaction
In the event of a reorganisation, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets, or stock (including in connection with a bankruptcy or similar proceeding), we may share your Personal Information with (or transfer your Personal Information to) certain third parties, such as the acquiring entity and its advisors. We may also make certain information available to a potential investor or purchaser (and their advisers) in advance of any such transaction’s completion.
All or certain categories of Personal Information are shared only as necessary or appropriate.
Competent governmental and public authorities
We may share your Personal Information with governmental and law enforcement authorities, in each case to comply with legal or regulatory obligations or requests.
All or certain categories of Personal Information are shared only as necessary or appropriate.
Other third parties
We will share your Personal Information with other third parties at your direction or with your consent.
Additionally, we may share your Personal Information as necessary or appropriate or where otherwise permitted by law to:
Enforce our agreements
Protect our operations
Protect our rights, privacy, safety, property, and/or those of other persons
Allow us to pursue available remedies or limit damages that we may sustain
All or certain categories of Personal Information are shared only as necessary or appropriate.
We also create and share with our Clients insights or reports regarding the makeup of the Audiences that visit their digital properties or the performance of their advertising campaigns.
Information security
See
Key Terms
for definitions of capitalized terms.
We employ appropriate organisational and technical security safeguards designed to keep Personal Information secure when it is transmitted to us and once we receive it. These measures may include encryption and employment of information storage security technologies to restrict access to our network. However, please be aware that no method of transmitting information over the internet or storing information is completely secure.
Information retention
See
Key Terms
for definitions of capitalized terms.
We retain your Personal Information for as long as necessary for the purposes for which it was collected, as described in the
Information Collection
section above and in the tables below, except where we are required to retain the information for a longer period of time. Once Personal Information has reached its retention period, as applicable, we may either de-identify it (for State Privacy Law purposes, defined below), anonymise it (for GDPR purposes), or permanently delete it.
Category of Personal Information
Maximum retention period for all TCF Purposes as a Controller
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Up to 13 months (NOTE: storing/accessing data on a device is the cookie lifespan - up to 13 months each time the cookie is reset)
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
Up to 13 months
Event Data
Up to 13 months
Bid Request Data
Up to 13 months
Imported Data (Client)
Up to 30 days
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment)
Up to 30 days
Inferences/Inferred Data
Up to 13 months
Training Data
Up to 30 days
Information you provide
Up to 18 months
Processing Purpose / TCF Purpose
Categories of Personal Information used for this purpose
Maximum retention period for the TCF Purpose as a Controller
Individual categories of data may have a shorter retention period as shown above
.
Store and/or access information on a device (TCF Purpose 1)
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Cookie life span is up to 13 months each time it’s reset
Use limited data to select advertising (TCF Purpose 2)
Pseudonymous Identifiers Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
Bid Request Data
Up to 13 months
Create profiles for personalised advertising (TCF Purpose 3)
Pseudonymous Identifiers Imprecise/Approximate
Location Information
Event Data
Bid Request Data
Imported Data (Client)
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment) Inferences/Inferred Data
Training Data
Up to 13 months
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (TCF Purpose 4)
Pseudonymous Identifiers Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
Bid Request Data
Imported Data (Client)
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment) Inferences/Inferred Data
Up to 13 months
Measure advertising performance (TCF Purpose 7)
Pseudonymous Identifiers Imprecise/Approximate
Location Information
Event Data
Bid Request Data
Inferences/Inferred Data
Up to 13 months
Measure content performance (TCF Purpose 8)
Pseudonymous Identifiers Imprecise/Approximate
Location Information
Event Data
Inferences/Inferred Data
Training Data
Up to 13 months
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources (TCF Purpose 9)
Pseudonymous Identifiers Imprecise/Approximate
Location Information
Event Data
Bid Request Data
Imported Data (Client)
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment) Inferences/Inferred Data
Training Data
Up to 13 months
Develop and improve services (TCF Purpose 10 )
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Imprecise/Approximate
Location Information
Event Data
Bid Request Data
Imported Data (Client)
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment)
Inferences/Inferred Data
Training Data
Up to 13 months
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors (TCF Special Purpose 1)
Pseudonymous Identifiers Imprecise/Approximate
Location Information
Event Data
Bid Request Data
Imported Data (Client)
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment) Inferences/Inferred Data
Training Data
Up to 13 months
Deliver and present advertising and content (TCF Special Purpose 2)
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Event Data
Bid Request Data
Up to 13 months
Save and communicate privacy choices (Special Purpose 3)
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Imprecise/Approximate
Location Information
Event Data
Bid Request Data
Up to 13 months
Match and combine data from other data sources (TCF Feature 1)
Pseudonymous Identifiers Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
The retention period will depend on the TCF Purpose pursued.
Link different devices (TCF Feature 2)
Pseudonymous Identifiers Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
Bid Request Data
The retention period will depend on the TCF Purpose pursued.
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically (TCF Feature 3)
Pseudonymous Identifiers Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
Bid Request Data
The retention period will depend on the TCF Purpose pursued.
Additionally, any of the categories of Personal Information described above may be Processed and retained for the following purposes.
Establishing, bringing, or defending against complaints, legal claims (including threatened or anticipated legal claims), and regulatory inquiries
Retained as needed for these purposes, including as required by applicable law. Otherwise, categories of Personal Information and associated retention periods are determined by the underlying purpose for which the Personal Information is Processed.
Responding to legal requests
Complying with relevant laws and regulations
Conducting research
Categories of Personal Information and associated retention periods are determined by the underlying purpose for which the Personal Information is Processed.
Hosting information
Categories of Personal Information and associated retention periods are determined by the underlying purpose for which the Personal Information is Processed.
International transfers
See
Key Terms
for definitions of capitalized terms.
Quantcast operates a global service, and we engage vendors located around the world to help us deliver the Solutions. Accordingly, your Personal Information may be transferred outside of the country or region in which you reside, including to the United States and other countries where either our data centers, vendors, affiliates, or other partners are located. Where we transfer your Personal Information internationally, we do so in accordance with applicable law.
If you are based in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland, please note that we may need to transfer your Personal Information to countries that have not been recognised by the
European Commision
and/or the
UK government
as providing an adequate level of protection for Personal Information. We generally use EU Standard Contractual Clauses (to facilitate both controller-to-controller and controller-to-processor transfers) or other government-approved contracts that provide appropriate safeguards for Personal Information that is transferred to countries that have not been recognised as providing an adequate level of protection. You can contact us at privacy[at]quantcast[dot]com to request a copy of our Standard Contractual Clauses.
In certain limited circumstances, we rely on other lawful mechanisms for international transfers of Personal Information or rely on derogations, such as the contractual necessity derogation.
Your choices and legal rights
See
Key Terms
for definitions of capitalized terms.
Under applicable law, you may have certain rights in relation to your Personal Information. Additional details about the rights that you may have and how to exercise such rights can be found below.
Right of access
:
The right to request access to your Personal Information and receive certain information, including the categories of your Personal Information we collect and disclose. To exercise this right, see our
Data Subject Request Form
.
Right of rectification/correction
: The right to request that we rectify (or correct) inaccurate Personal Information about you. In practice, if you seek to exercise your right of rectification/correction, due to the limited Personal Information we Process, we satisfy this right by providing you with the option to request deletion of your Personal Information. To request the deletion of your Personal Information, see our
Data Subject Request Form
.
Right of erasure/deletion
: The right, in certain cases, to request that we delete your Personal Information, provided there are valid grounds for doing so and subject to applicable law and exceptions. To exercise this right, see our
Data Subject Request Form
.
Right to data portability
: The right, in certain cases, to receive a copy of your Personal Information in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and transmit such information to another controller. To exercise this right, see our
Data Subject Request Form
.
Right to object (marketing)
: The right to object to the Processing of your Personal Information for direct marketing purposes. In practice, we satisfy this right by providing you with the option to opt out of our Processing of your Personal Information for advertising purposes. To exercise this right, see our
Privacy Choices Page
.
Right to object (legitimate interests)
: The right to object to the Processing of your Personal Information where we Process it on the basis of our legitimate interests, as described in the
Information Use and Legal Bases
section above. Unless we have compelling legitimate grounds or the information is needed for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, we will cease Processing your Personal Information when you object. To exercise this right, see our
Privacy Choices Page
.
Right to restrict Processing
: The right, in certain cases, to temporarily restrict our Processing of your Personal Information, provided there are valid grounds for doing so. In practice, if you seek to exercise your right to restrict the Processing of your Personal Information, we will treat it as an exercise of the right on an ongoing, rather than temporary, basis (i.e., the request will be treated as you exercising the right to object to the Processing of your Personal Information). To exercise this right, see our
Privacy Choices Pag
e
.
Right to withdraw your consent
: The right to withdraw the consent you have provided at any time, where we Process your Personal Information on the basis of your consent. Please note that the lawfulness of any Processing undertaken prior to your withdrawal of consent shall not be affected by the withdrawal. To exercise this right, see our
Privacy Choices Page
.
Right to lodge a complaint
: The right to complain to the relevant authority regarding the Processing of your Personal Information by us or on our behalf. In the EU, the lead supervisory authority is the
Irish Data Protection Commissioner.
See the section
Contact Us
below.
Please note that the rights listed above may not be exercised in certain circumstances, such as when the Processing of your Personal Information is necessary to comply with a legal obligation to which we are subject or for the exercise or defense of legal claims. Additionally, in order to protect your privacy, we may require proof of your identity before we can act on your request but only where it is necessary and proportionate to request this information.
If you are based in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland and have issues or questions about the above-listed rights, you may contact our European Data Protection Officer via
dpo [at] quantcast [dot] com
.
If certain jurisdictions, including the EEA, UK, or Switzerland, you also generally have the right not to be subject to a decision when it is based on automated Processing (i.e., an operation that is performed without any human intervention), if it produces a legal effect (i.e., impacts your legal rights) or significantly affects you in a similar way (e.g., significantly affects your financial circumstances or ability to access essential goods or services). Please note that Quantcast does not make decisions based solely on automated Processing that produce a legal effect or similarly significantly affect individuals.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your privacy rights.
Additional information for EEA, UK, and Switzerland residents
See
Key Terms
for definitions of capitalized terms.
If you are located in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland, please note that the Solutions are provided by our European entity, Quantcast International Limited. In Processing Personal Information in the context of providing the Solutions to our Clients, Quantcast Internal Limited generally acts as a data controller. More specifically, Quantcast International Limited is a joint controller along with its Client when we jointly determine the purposes for which your Personal Information will be Processed. For example, we are joint controllers with Clients for Personal Information that is collected as Quantcast Cookies, or using Pixels, Tags and SDKs deployed by our Clients on their digital properties, and for the Processing of other Personal Information introduced into the Solutions directly by the Client. This is because both Quantcast and the Client have influence over whether and how we collect and Process the Personal Information. In limited situations, Quantcast is the sole data controller of Personal Information when we are Processing it for our own independent purposes, for instance when we use a Quantcast Pseudonymous Identifier or we derive aggregated analytics for modeling, developing our algorithms, or improving the Solutions.
Your choices and legal rights
Under applicable law, you may have certain rights in relation to your Personal Information. Additional details about the rights that you may have and how to exercise such rights can be found in the
Your choices and legal rights
section above.
If you are based in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland and have issues or questions about the above-listed rights, you may contact our European Data Protection Officer via
dpo [at] quantcast [dot] com
.
If you are based in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland, under applicable law, you also generally have the right not to be subject to a decision when it is based on automated Processing (i.e., an operation that is performed without any human intervention), if it produces a legal effect (i.e., impacts your legal rights) or significantly affects you in a similar way (e.g., significantly affects your financial circumstances or ability to access essential goods or services). Please note that Quantcast does not make decisions based solely on automated Processing that produce a legal effect or similarly significantly affect individuals.
Additional information for residents of certain U.S. states
See
Key Terms
for definitions of capitalized terms.
Certain U.S. states* have enacted consumer privacy laws that grant their residents certain rights and require additional disclosures (“State Privacy Laws”). If you are a resident of one of these states, this section applies to you.
*California, Colorado, Connecticut, Florida, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah, Virginia
Additional Disclosures
Above, in the
Information Collection
,
Information Use and Legal Basis
,
Information Sharing
, and
Information Retention
sections, we explain how we collect, use, disclose, and retain information about you. As required by certain State Privacy Laws, below, we use a table to explain this same information, including the categories of personal information we collect, the types of entities to which we disclose it, and the ways we use each category of information. The table explains our practices today and over the preceding 12 months.
Collection, Use, and Disclosure of Personal Information for Business Purposes
Category of Personal Information
We collect….
Categories of Recipients
We may disclose personal data to….
Use of Personal Information
We use personal data…
Identifiers
, such as IP Address and other similar Pseudonymous Identifiers.
Internet or other electronic network activity information
,
including browsing history and information regarding your interactions with websites or mobile apps or streaming media.
Geolocation data
, such as Imprecise/Approximate Location Information derived from device IP Addresses.
Inferences
, which refers to inferences drawn from any of the information in these categories of Personal Information to predict the individual’s characteristics.
Our affiliates and vendors
Our partners
To provide the Solutions which
help our Clients meet their objectives of finding new customers and growing their brands through the delivery of relevant ads and/or executing their digital content strategies more effectively, including showing ads targeted to your interests, understanding the effectiveness of the ads we show, and reporting our findings to our Clients.
Other Details About Our Information Practices
We do not “sell” the personal information of any individuals as those terms are defined in State Privacy Laws.
We do not knowingly collect personal information about consumers considered to be children under applicable laws.
Your Privacy Rights
Opting Out of Targeted Advertising and Sharing
Some of the activities described in the
Information Sharing
section may be considered processing of your information for “targeted advertising” purposes under the State Law that applies to you. You can opt out of Quantcast identifier/cookie-based ad targeting by following the prompts at our
Privacy Choices Page
. You may also opt out of web-based ad targeting by enabling legally-recognized opt-out preference signal, such as the Global Privacy Control (“GPC”), a preference that you can set in certain web browsers to inform the websites you visit that you do not want information about your online activity sold or used for targeted advertising as such terms are defined under State Privacy Laws. Please visit our
Privacy Choices Page
for more information about GPC.
Access, Deletion, Correction
Depending on your state of residence, you may have the right to request access to, or deletion or correction of, your personal information. If you are interested in exercising one or more of the rights outlined above, please click the relevant link in the
Your choices and legal rights
section above. You may also submit requests by contacting us via email at
privacy [at] quantcast [dot] com
. We will attempt to verify your identity and respond to your request consistent with the State Privacy Laws.
Appeals
If we deny your request, you may have the right to appeal our decision by contacting us at
privacy [at] quantcast [dot] com
. If you have concerns about the result of an appeal, you may contact the attorney general in the state where you reside.
Authorized Agents
Depending upon where you reside, you may work with a natural person or business entity (an “Authorized Agent”) to submit rights requests on your behalf. If you are submitting a rights request as an Authorized Agent, you are required to submit proof of your authorization to make the request, such as a valid power of attorney or signed permission from the individual who is the subject of the request. We may also require you to verify your identity directly with us.
Nondiscrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your privacy rights.
CCPA Annual Report
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Regulations require businesses such as Quantcast to disclose metrics regarding the number of requests to know, delete, and opt-out. Information about annual data requests is available in the
CCPA Annual Report
.
Contact us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our information handling practices, please feel free to contact us.
Individuals located in the United States, please contact us at:
Quantcast Corp.
795 Folsom Street
San Francisco, CA 94107
Email: privacy[at]quantcast[dot]com
Individuals located outside of the United States, please contact us at:
Quantcast International Limited
Beaux Lane House
Lower Mercer Street
Dublin 2, Ireland
Email: privacy.qil [at] quantcast [dot] com
The Data Protection Officer (DPO) for Quantcast International Limited can be contacted at
dpo [at] quantcast [dot] com
.
If you are a resident of the EEA, UK, or Switzerland, you also have the right to lodge a complaint against us with our lead supervisory authority, the
Irish Data Protection Commission
, or the
supervisory authority
in your country of residence.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes in our practices with respect to the collection, use, and/or disclosure of
Personal Information
or changes in applicable law. The “Last Updated” date at the top of this page indicates when this Privacy Policy was last updated. Any changes will become effective when we post a revised version of this Privacy Policy unless otherwise specified.
Some of our changes will be minor, but if we make significant changes to how we use or share your
Personal Information
, we will:
inform you in advance by posting a notice on our website
wait for a period of time before implementing the changes
We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to remain informed about our information handling and privacy practices.
Effective June 11th 2024
to
December 16th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Products and Services Privacy Policy
This Policy takes effect on June 6 2024.
Products and Services Privacy Policy
Who we are and what we do
Scope of this Privacy Policy
Self-regulatory standards
Information collection
Information use and legal basis
Information sharing
Information security
Information retention
International transfers
Your choices and legal rights
Additional information for EEA, UK, and Switzerland residents
Additional information for residents of certain U.S. states
Contact us
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Capitalised terms used in this Products and Services Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”) are defined in
Key Terms
unless otherwise defined herein.
To exercise your Data Subject Rights (described in the
Your choices and legal rights
below), please visit the
Quantcast Privacy Choices
page.
Who we are and what we do
Quantcast (“we”, “our”, or “us”) is a global digital advertising technology group of companies. Quantcast offers products and services that help digital advertisers and publishers (collectively, “Clients”) understand and grow their client base. Through Quantcast Advertise Solutions, advertiser Clients can plan, activate, and measure the performance of their advertising campaigns seamlessly in a single audience platform, which helps them to place their ads to maximise results. Through Quantcast Measure Solutions, digital publisher Clients leverage insights to better understand the makeup of their audiences, how audiences spend their time across their digital properties, and what audiences care about, all of which help these digital businesses better connect their content and Audiences with the right advertising. We will refer to all of these services as “Solutions.”
To provide the Solutions, Quantcast collects and uses Personal Information for various purposes, such as measuring and understanding audiences, targeting and delivering ads, measuring ad performance, and similar related purposes. As described in the
Information Collection
section below, we may join or match Personal Information about you, which may include your Online Data from your visits across different digital properties, like websites,mobile apps, or streaming media devices (such as connected TVs (“CTVs”)), that have implemented Quantcast Pixels, Tags or SDKs (which is sometimes called “tracking” in the industry) or Offline Data . This allows us, for example, to enrich our existing data sets and provide meaningful reports for our Clients regarding the effectiveness of their ads or content. We may also combine Personal Information that we collect in order to probabilistically link media consumption to a single user, which is sometimes called Cross-Media Matching/Linking. To the extent that we combine Personal Information that we collect from and about you in connection with our performance of the Solutions, we will use such combined information only as described in this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy describes in more detail how we collect, use, disclose, and protect Personal Information, otherwise obtain and Process it in connection with the delivery of the Solutions, and the controls we provide you to manage such information and exercise your choices and legal rights. As noted in the
Information use and legal basis
section below, we use the
Transparency and Consent Framework
(“TCF”) standard to facilitate compliance with applicable laws in Europe, primarily in accordance with the EU and UK General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”). Because the TCF is one means of explaining Processing activities, and because our Processing activities are consistent globally, the TCF Purposes are applicable to all Personal Information that we Process (regardless of the information’s country of origin).
In the United States, the Solutions are provided by Quantcast Corporation, located at 795 Folsom Street, San Francisco, CA 94107. Personal Information relating to individuals located within the United States provided to or gathered by us in connection with the delivery of the Solutions is controlled by Quantcast Corporation.
Outside of the United States, the Solutions are provided by Quantcast International Limited, located at Beaux Lane House, Lower Mercer Street, Dublin 2, Ireland. In so far as Quantcast acts as a “controller” (as defined under applicable law), Quantcast International Limited is the controller of your Personal Information if you reside in the European Economic Area (EEA), United Kingdom (UK), Switzerland, or any other jurisdiction outside of the United States.
Scope of this Privacy Policy
See
Key Terms
for definitions of capitalized terms.
This Privacy Policy covers Quantcast’s use of Personal Information for the Solutions only. This Privacy Policy does not cover:
Personal Information collected from our website, www.quantcast.com, except to the extent that we use our own Solutions on our website. It also does not pertain to the collection and use of Personal Information in connection with our corporate functions, such as marketing, recruiting, people management, business-to-business communications, and so forth. For our privacy policy relating to our website and our corporate functions, please click
here
.
Any third parties’ handling of Personal Information, unless explicitly stated otherwise. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any other companies that you engage or interact with to understand their information handling and privacy practices.
We use some phrases in this Privacy Policy that are unique to our business and/or the digital advertising industry. For a list of defined terms that you should familiarise yourself with to make it easier to review this Privacy Policy, please review the
Key Terms
.
California Notice at Collection: We collect the categories of Personal Information listed in the
Additional information for residents of certain U.S. states
section below. As further described in the
Information use and legal basis
section below, we collect this information in order to deliver the Solutions and conduct our business. To learn more, please see the
Additional information for residents of certain U.S. states
section.
Self-regulatory standards
See
Key Terms
for definitions of capitalized terms.
Quantcast supports and participates in several digital advertising self-regulatory organisations, as further described below.
We are members of the
Network Advertising Initiative (NAI)
.
We participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) and adhere to the
DAA Self-Regulatory Principles
.
We participate in the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) and are certified under the
EDAA Principles
.
We participate in, and comply with, the policies and technical specifications of the
IAB Transparency and Consent Framework (TCF)
as a vendor. Quantcast’s IAB Europe-assigned identification number is Vendor ID #11.
Please see the
Your choices and legal rights
section of this Privacy Policy for more information about the opt-out tools offered by the NAI, DAA, and EDAA.
Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a preference that you can set in certain web browsers to inform the websites you visit that you do not want information about your online activity collected over time and across third-party websites or online services. We do not honor DNT at this time, due to the lack of a clear industry standard. Please visit the
Quantcast Privacy Choices
page for your opt-out options.
Information collection
See
Key Terms
for definitions of capitalized terms.
We collect or receive Personal Information about or relating to you in various ways, including from digital properties, like websites, mobile apps, or streaming media devices (such as connected TVs (“CTVs”), and other sources of digital content. Details about the categories of Personal Information we collect and receive, the source or manner in which we obtain each category of Personal Information, the purpose(s) for which we Process each category of Personal Information, and the retention period for each category of Personal Information we Process can be found in the table below. As described in the
Who we are and what we do
section, where applicable the Processing purposes identified in the table below are tied to the TCF Purposes outlined in the
Information use and legal bases
section.
Category and Description of Personal Information
Source of Personal Information
Purpose for Processing (including where relevant the TCF Purpose) and Retention Period
Pseudonymous Identifiers: unique values that distinguish your browser profile(s) or device(s).
Examples include a Cookie ID, device IP Address, hashed email addresses, 3rd party identifiers, or other Device Identifiers or Device Configuration/ Information.
Usually generated when Pixels, Tags, or SDKs are loaded by a Client on its digital property (i.e., website, mobile app, or device) and sends information to us. Different kinds of Pixels, Tags, or SDKs are used for different purposes, but the types of information generated are the same.
Such information may also be received through a server- to- server connection, such as when receiving a Bid Request.
Pseudonymous Identifiers will be retained for up to 13 months for the following purposes
(NOTE: storing/accessing data on a device is the cookie lifespan - up to 13 months each time the cookie is reset)
:
Store and/or access information on a device (TCF Purpose 1)
Use limited data to select advertising (TCF Purpose 2)
Create profiles for personalised advertising (TCF Purpose 3)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (TCF Purpose 4)
Measure advertising performance (TCF Purpose 7)
Measure content performance (TCF Purpose 8)
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources (TCF Purpose 9)
Develop and improve services (TCF Purpose 10)
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors (TCF Special Purpose )
Deliver and present advertising and content (TCF Special Purpose 2)
Match and combine data from other data sources (TCF Feature 1)
Link different devices (TCF Feature 2)
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically (TCF Feature 3)
Recording consent choices made by users
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information: The time zone and approximate geolocation (e.g., postal code or city) of your device.
Inferred or derived by Quantcast from your device’s IP Address or included in Bid Requests.
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information will be retained for up to 30 days for the following Purposes:
Use limited data to select advertising (TCF Purpose 2)
Create profiles for advertising (TCF Purpose 3)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (TCF Purpose 4)
Measure advertising performance (TCF Purpose 7)
Measure content performance (TCF Purpose 8)
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources (TCF Purpose 9)
Develop and improve products (TCF Purpose 10)
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors (TCF Special Purpose 1)
Match and combine data from other data Link different devices (TCF Feature 2)
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically (TCF Feature 3)
Event Data: Information relating to your Online Data, which may include Pseudonymous Identifiers, Imprecise/Approximate Location Information, HTTP Request Header Information, Device Information, and Browsing Data.
Generated when Pixels, Tags or SDKs, installed by a Client on its digital property, loads and sends information to us.
Different kinds of Pixels, Tags or SDKs are used for different purposes, but the types of information generated are the same.
Event Data will be retained for up to 13 months for the following Purposes:
Create profiles for advertising (TCF Purpose 3)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (TCF Purpose 4)
Measure advertising performance (TCF Purpose 7)
Measure content performance (TCF Purpose 8)
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources (TCF Purpose 9)
Develop and improve products (TCF Purpose 10)
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors (TCF Special Purpose 1)
Deliver and present advertising and content (TCF Special Purpose 2)
Link different devices (TCF Feature 2)
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically (TCF Feature 3)
Bid Request Data: A bid request is an offer from a digital publisher, like a website, mobile app, or streaming media owner, to show an ad on their property. Bid Request Data includes information about your visit to the publisher’s digital property, which helps us understand where an ad will be displayed, Device Information, and who might see it.
Bid Request Data also commonly includes a Pseudonymous Identifier (if available), the content that the ad would serve into, the type of device the ad would be served on, the Imprecise / Approximate Location Information of the device, the size of the ad, and consent information. Because Bid Requests include information about the content you are visiting, over time, accumulated Bid Requests may show your browsing behavior.
Received from a digital publisher.
Bid Request Data will be retained for up to 13 months for the following Purposes:
Use limited data to select advertising (TCF Purpose 2)
Create profiles for advertising (TCF Purpose 3)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (TCF Purpose 4)
Measure advertising performance (TCF Purpose 7)
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources (TCF Purpose 9)
Develop and improve products (TCF Purpose 10)
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors (TCF Special Purpose 1)
Deliver and present advertising and content (TCF Special Purpose 2)
Link different devices (TCF Feature 2)
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically (TCF Feature 3)
Imported Data (Client): Pseudonymised Information, which may include Online Data, and/or Offline Data that may be apportioned by Browsing Data, Attributes, Segments, Label Data and Interests.
Uploaded to the Quantcast platform or provided to us via an Application Programming Interface (“API”) by a particular Client for use on its behalf.
Imported Data (client) will be retained for up to 30 days for the following Purposes:
Create profiles for advertising (TCF Purpose 3)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (TCF Purpose 4)
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources (TCF Purpose 9)
Develop and improve products (TCF Purpose 10)
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud (TCF Special Purpose 1)
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment): Pseudonymised Information, which may include Online Data, and/or Offline Data that may be apportioned by Browsing Data, Attributes, Segments, Label Data and Interests.
Uploaded to the Quantcast platform or provided to us via an API by third-party Data Management Platforms or Data Providers.
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment) will be retained for up to 30 days for the following Purposes:
Create profiles for advertising (TCF Purpose 3)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (TCF Purpose 4)
TUnderstand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources (TCF Purpose 9)
Develop and improve products (TCF Purpose 10)
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors (TCF Special Purpose 1)
Inferences/Inferred Data: Information drawn from the above-listed categories of information (i.e., Event Data, Bid Request Data, Imported Data (Client), and Imported Data (Third Party/Segment)).
We may, for example, use information that we have collected to infer your interests, age, gender, marital status, or income range. These Inferences may include Interests and Attributes.
Derived by Quantcast from previously collected Event Data, Bid Request Data, Imported Data (Client), and/or Imported Data (Third Party/Segment).
Inferences/Inferred Data will be retained for up to 13 months for the following Purposes:
Create profiles for advertising (TCF Purpose 3)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (TCF Purpose 4)
Measure advertising performance (TCF Purpose 7)
Measure content performance (TCF Purpose 83)
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources (TCF Purpose 9)
Develop and improve products (TCF Purpose 10)
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors (TCF Special Purpose 1)
Training Data: Pseudonymous Information used to improve Quantcast’s algorithms and measure how well they are working.
Received from third-party data providers and matched to Pseudonymous Identifiers.
Training Data will be retained for up to 30 days for the following Purposes:
TCF Purpose 3: Create profiles for advertising (TCF Purpose 3)
TCF Purpose 8: Measure content performance (TCF Purpose 8)
TCF Purpose 9: Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources (TCF Purpose 9)
TCF Purpose 10: Develop and improve products (TCF Purpose 10)
TCF Special Purpose 1: Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors (TCF Special Purpose 1)
Information you provide: This may include your contact details, (e.g., name, email address, or phone number) and any commentary or other information you provide when you contact Quantcast.
Provided by you when you contact Quantcast.
Carrying out our legitimate business purposes.
Retention Period: up to 18 months
Additionally, any of the categories of Personal Information described above may be Processed and retained for the following purposes.
Establishing, bringing, or defending against complaints, legal claims (including threatened or anticipated legal claims), and regulatory inquiries
Retained as needed for these purposes, including as required by applicable law. Otherwise, categories of Personal Information and associated retention periods are determined by the underlying purpose for which the Personal Information is Processed.
Responding to legal requests
Complying with relevant laws and regulations
Conducting research
Categories of Personal Information and associated retention periods are determined by the underlying purpose for which the Personal Information is Processed.
Hosting of Personal Information for above-listed purposes
Categories of Personal Information and associated retention periods are determined by the underlying purpose for which the Personal Information is Processed.
Sensitive information
We generally do not seek or permit sensitive Personal Information (e.g., information revealing an individual’s racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership; genetic or biometric data that is Processed for the purpose of uniquely identifying an individual; information concerning an individual’s health, sex life, or sexual orientation; and information relating to criminal convictions and offenses) to be used in the Solutions. Outside of the EEA, UK, and Switzerland, to the extent that applicable laws and regulations recognize and allow collection of non-sensitive health information, we may collect and Process such information. If we were to Process sensitive Personal Information, we would seek and obtain your consent and/or otherwise Process such information in accordance with applicable laws and rules.
Children’s information
We do not knowingly process Personal Information about data subjects considered to be children under applicable law. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that Quantcast has received Personal Information about his or her child, the parent or guardian should contact us at privacy[at]quantcast[dot com. If we become aware that we have received Personal Information about data subjects considered to be children under applicable law, we will take all reasonable steps to delete such information from our files.
Contractual commitments from our Clients and third-party Data Providers:
We contractually require other companies that provide or make available to us Personal Information to take steps to ensure that we can lawfully Process such information, which include: (i) posting complete and accurate privacy policies that comply with applicable laws and rules and describe their Personal Information collection, use, and sharing practices; (ii) obtaining all legally-required consents and necessary permissions; and (iii) providing individuals with appropriate choices and the ability to opt out of the Processing of their Personal Information, where necessary or appropriate.
Information use and legal basis
See
Key Terms
for definitions of capitalized terms.
As described in the
Who we are and what we do
section, we generally use the TCF as the mechanism for describing our Processing activities, and in Europe specifically for establishing our legal basis for Processing and managing users’ preferences for online personalised advertising and related activities. The TCF is designed to allow a digital business to present information and choices to users on its website relating to the Processing of their Personal Information.
We Process Personal Information for the purposes for which it was collected or provided to us. The table below describes the specific purposes for which we Process the Personal Information we collect or otherwise obtain about you. This table includes:
the purposes for which Quantcast Processes Personal Information ,which are tied to the defined purposes for Processing, special purposes, and features set forth in the
TCF Policies
and official technical documentation disseminated by IAB Europe where applicable(see Appendix A of the
TCF Policies
for examples and illustrations of the purposes, special purposes and features)
a description of each Processing activity using TCF-specific terminology (to the extent applicable), and
the legal basis that we rely on to perform each of our Processing activities.
Please note that in Europe, where we indicate that “Legitimate Interests” in accordance with the GDPR is the legal basis for Processing, we carry out the Processing in reliance on our legitimate interests or those of a third party (e.g., our Clients), provided that such interests are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
Processing Purpose / TCF Purpose (where TCF is applicable)
Description of Processing Activity (using TCF Purpose terms)
Legal Basis for Processing for EU/UK
Storing and/or accessing information on a device (TCF Purpose 1)
Cookies, Device Identifiers, or other information more fully described in association with the purposes below and in the tables above can be stored or accessed on your device for the purposes presented to you.
Consent
Use limited data to select advertising (TCF Purpose 2)
Ads can be shown to you based on the content you’re viewing, the app you’re using, your device’s
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information, or your device type.
When selecting “Use limited data to select advertising”, Quantcast will:
Use real-time information about the context in which the ad will be shown, including information about the content and your device, such as: device type and capabilities, User Agent, URL, and IP Address
Use your device’s Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
Control the frequency of ads shown to you
Sequence the order in which ads are shown to you
Prevent an ad from serving in an unsuitable editorial (brand-unsafe) context
Consent or Legitimate Interests, depending on the choice of the Client that is using the TCF.
Where we rely on Legitimate Interests, we carry out the Processing to help our advertiser Clients meet their objectives of finding new customers and growing their brands through the delivery of relevant ads.
Creating profiles for personalised ads (TCF Purpose 3)
A profile can be built about you and your Interests to show you personalised ads that are relevant to you.
To create or edit a profile for use in personalised advertising, Quantcast will:
Collect information about you, including your activity, visits to websites or mobile apps or streaming media, or Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
Aggregate Attributes and Interests and Panel-based demographic information,
Combine information with other information previously collected, including from across websites or mobile apps or streaming media
Consent
Using profiles to select personalised ads (TCF Purpose 4)
When serving personalised ads, Quantcast will select personalised ads based on Personal Information collected from or about you, such as your prior activity, Interests, visits to websites or mobile apps or streaming media, Imprecise/Approximate Location Information, demographic information or Inferences.
Consent
Measuring advertising performance (TCF Purpose 7)
Quantcast will measure the performance and effectiveness of ads that you see or interact with.
In particular, to measure whether and how ads were delivered to you and how you interacted with them, Quantcast will:
Provide reporting to Clients about ads, including their effectiveness and performance
Provide reporting to Clients about your interactions with ads using data observed during your interaction with the ad
Provide reporting to Clients about the ads displayed on their properties
Measure whether an ad is serving in a suitable editorial environment (brand-safe) context
Determine the percentage of the ad that had the opportunity to be seen and the duration of that opportunity
Combine this information with other information previously collected, including from across websites or mobile apps or streaming media
In the provision of the Solutions to some Clients, Quantcast may correlate information between entries within its own datasets that have the same Pseudonymous Identifier or with information obtained from Ad Serving, Ad Verification, or Data Management Platforms/Data Providers. We do this to provide aggregated reporting to Clients about the number of visitors to their digital properties.
Quantcast does not apply Panel or similarly derived Audience Insights data to ad measurement data without a separate legal basis to apply market research to generate Audience Insights.
Consent or Legitimate Interests, depending on the choice of the Client that is using the TCF.
Where we rely on Legitimate Interests, we carry out the Processing to help our advertiser Clients meet their objective of ascertaining, measuring, and improving the effectiveness of their ad campaigns.
Measuring content performance (TCF Purpose 8)
The performance and effectiveness of content that you see or interact with can be measured.
To measure content performance, Quantcast will:
Measure and report to Clients on how content was delivered to and interacted with by you
Provide reporting to Clients, using directly measurable or known information about your interactions with the content
Combine this information with other information previously collected, including from across visits to websites or mobile apps or streaming media
Consent or Legitimate Interests, depending on the choice of the Client that is using the TCF.
Where we rely on Legitimate Interests, we carry out the Processing to help our Clients meet their objective of executing their digital content strategies more effectively.
Understanding audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources i.e., applying market research to generate Audience Insights (TCF Purpose 9)
Market research can be used to learn more about the Audiences who visit websites, mobile apps, or streaming media, and view ads.
To generate Audience Insights, Quantcast will:
Provide aggregate reporting to advertisers or their representatives (such as advertising agencies) about the Audiences reached by their ads, through Panel-based and similarly derived insights
Provide aggregate reporting to Clients about the Audiences that were served or interacted with content and/or ads on their properties by applying Panel-based and similarly derived insights
Associate Offline Data with you for the purposes of market research to generate Audience Insights (if we have declared that we will match and combine Offline Data sources)
Combine this information with other information previously collected, including from visits to websites or mobile apps or streaming media
Consent or Legitimate Interests, depending on the choice of the Client that is using the TCF.
Where we rely on Legitimate Interests, we carry out the Processing to help our Clients meet their objectives of finding new customers and growing their brands through the delivery of relevant ads and/or executing their digital content strategies more effectively.
Developing and improving services (TCF Purpose 10 )
Your information can be used to improve Quantcast’s existing systems and software and to develop new products.
To develop and improve its products, Quantcast will:
Use information to improve its existing products with new features and to develop new products
Create new models and algorithms through machine learning
For example, Quantcast matches its datasets with Training Data, which usually includes Event Data, Bid Request Data, Imported Data (Client), and/or Imported Data (Third Party/Segment). Quantcast primarily uses Training Data to train its algorithms how to infer individuals’ Attributes and Interests in the context of the Solutions.
Consent or Legitimate Interest, depending on the choice of the Client that is using the TCF.
Where we rely on Legitimate Interests, we carry out the Processing to meet our organisational objective of continuously improving the Solutions for our Clients.
Ensuring security, preventing and detecting fraud, and fixing errors (TCF Special Purpose 1)
Your information can be used to monitor for and prevent fraudulent activity and ensure our systems and processes work properly and securely.
To ensure security, prevent fraud, and debug, Quantcast will:
Ensure information is securely transmitted
Detect and prevent malicious, fraudulent, invalid, or illegal activity
Ensure correct and efficient operation of systems and processes, including monitoring and enhancing the performance of systems and processes engaged in permitted purposes
Legitimate Interests
We conduct the Processing to meet organisational objectives such as to maintain our IT systems; to ensure the electronic security of our business; and to detect and prevent against malicious, fraudulent, invalid, and illegal activity.
Technically deliver ads or content (TCF Special Purpose 2)
Your device can receive and send information that allows you to see and interact with ads and content.
To deliver information and respond to technical requests, Quantcast will:
Use your device’s IP Address to deliver an ad or content over the internet
Respond to your interactions with an ad or content by sending you to a landing page
Use information about your device type and capabilities for delivering ads or content (e.g., to deliver the right size ad creative or video file in a format supported by your device)
Quantcast may also match Pseudonymous Identifiers with third parties in order to deliver ads to Audiences.
Legitimate Interests
We carry out the Processing to help our advertiser Clients meet their objective to ascertain, measure, and improve the effectiveness of their ad campaigns.
Matching and combining data from other sources i.e. offline data (TCF Feature 1)
Offline Data can be combined with your online activity in support of one or more purposes or special purposes outlined in this table.
The legal basis will depend on the TCF Purpose pursued.
Linking different devices (TCF Feature 2)
Different devices can be determined as belonging to you or your household in support of one or more purposes.
Through Cross-Media Matching/Linking, Quantcast will:
Deterministically determine that two or more devices belong to you or your household
Probabilistically determine that two or more devices belong to you or your household
The legal basis will depend on the TCF Purpose pursued.
Receiving and using automatically sent device characteristics for identification (TCF Feature 3)
Your device will be distinguished from other devices based on information it automatically sends, such as IP Address or browser type.
In particular, Quantcast will:
Create an identifier using information collected automatically from your device for specific characteristics (e.g., IP Address or User Agent information)
Use such an identifier to attempt to re-identify your device
The legal basis will depend on the TCF Purpose pursued.
Establishing, bringing, or defending against complaints, legal claims (including threatened or anticipated legal claims), and regulatory inquiries
We Process, preserve, and share Personal Information when we seek legal advice or seek to protect ourselves in the context of litigation and other disputes.
Legitimate Interests
We carry out the Processing to meet our objective of protecting ourselves and others, including in connection with investigations, litigation, and regulatory inquiries.
Responding to legal requests
We preserve and share Personal Information in response to legal requests from law enforcement and other government officials, to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process, and when we believe in good faith that disclosure of such information is necessary to comply with a judicial proceeding or court order.
Legitimate Interests
We carry out the Processing to meet our objective of protecting ourselves and others, including in connection with investigations and regulatory inquiries.
Complying with relevant laws and regulations
We Process Personal Information to comply with our legal obligations under applicable law.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to Process Personal Information we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters: where we are in receipt of a court order to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006 or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required
Consumer matters: to comply with our obligations under consumer law, such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014 (e.g., where the Irish Competition and Consumer Protection Commission requests information)
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations under company legislation and tax law, such as the Companies Act 2014 or where the Irish Revenue requests information
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations under data protection laws, including to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the GDPR and the Data Protection Act 2018
See
https://legal.quantcast.com/#laws
for the current list of laws which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Quantcast which results in the Processing of Personal Information. As new laws may be enacted or other obligations may require us to Process your Personal Information, we will update this list from time to time.
Compliance with a legal obligation.
Conducting research
We use Personal Information to conduct research, surveys, product testing, and troubleshooting to help us operate and improve our products and services.
Legitimate Interests
We carry out the Processing to meet our organisational objective of delivering and continuously improving the Solutions for our Clients.
Hosting information
We Process Personal Information to manage our business, which includes hosting Personal Information in our on-premise data centers and/or cloud computing services.
Legitimate Interests
We carry out the Processing to meet our organisational objective of delivering the Solutions to our Clients.
Information sharing
See
Key Terms
for definitions of capitalized terms.
In connection with one or more of the purposes outlined in the
Information use and legal basis
section above, we may share your Personal Information with the categories of third parties described below.
Category of Recipient
Description and Purpose of Sharing
Categories of Personal Information Shared
Quantcast-affiliated companies
We share your Personal Information with Quantcast-affiliated companies in order to provide the Solutions.
All or certain categories of Personal Information are shared only as necessary or appropriate.
Our vendors (including service providers/data processors)
Visit the
Quantcast Partner Page
for a list of some of our vendors.
We share your Personal Information with vendors who act on our behalf and are subject to binding contractual obligations and restrictions on the Processing of Personal Information we share with them. For example, these companies assist with information hosting, information Processing, database management, and administrative tasks.
All or certain categories of Personal Information are shared only as necessary or appropriate.
Our partners, such as Data Management Platforms and Data Providers and Advertising Exchanges
Visit the
Quantcast Partner Page
for a list of some of our partners
We share Pseudonymous Identifiers with companies that we partner with to support the operation of the Solutions. Specifically, Quantcast shares Pseudonymous Identifiers with 1) data providers via Data Management Platforms for the purpose of performing Cookie Syncing/Matches with Imported Data (Client) and Third Party/Segment Data, and 2) and Advertising Exchanges for the purpose of serving ads.
Pseudonymous Identifiers.
Relevant third parties as part of a corporate transaction
In the event of a reorganisation, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets, or stock (including in connection with a bankruptcy or similar proceeding), we may share your Personal Information with (or transfer your Personal Information to) certain third parties, such as the acquiring entity and its advisors. We may also make certain information available to a potential investor or purchaser (and their advisers) in advance of any such transaction’s completion.
All or certain categories of Personal Information are shared only as necessary or appropriate.
Competent governmental and public authorities
We may share your Personal Information with governmental and law enforcement authorities, in each case to comply with legal or regulatory obligations or requests.
All or certain categories of Personal Information are shared only as necessary or appropriate.
Other third parties
We will share your Personal Information with other third parties at your direction or with your consent.
Additionally, we may share your Personal Information as necessary or appropriate or where otherwise permitted by law to:
Enforce our agreements
Protect our operations
Protect our rights, privacy, safety, property, and/or those of other persons
Allow us to pursue available remedies or limit damages that we may sustain
All or certain categories of Personal Information are shared only as necessary or appropriate.
We also create and share with our Clients insights or reports regarding the makeup of the Audiences that visit their digital properties or the performance of their advertising campaigns. These insights and reports may contain aggregated data from which individual users cannot be uniquely identified or data from which Quantcast has removed Pseudonymous Identifiers.
Information security
See
Key Terms
for definitions of capitalized terms.
We employ appropriate organisational and technical security safeguards designed to keep Personal Information secure when it is transmitted to us and once we receive it. These measures may include encryption and employment of information storage security technologies to restrict access to our network. However, please be aware that no method of transmitting information over the internet or storing information is completely secure.
Information retention
See
Key Terms
for definitions of capitalized terms.
We retain your Personal Information for as long as necessary for the purposes for which it was collected, as described in the
Information Collection
section above and in the tables below, except where we are required to retain the information for a longer period of time. Once Personal Information has reached its retention period, as applicable, we may either de-identify it (for State Privacy Law purposes, defined below), anonymise it (for GDPR purposes), or permanently delete it.
Category of Personal Information
Maximum retention period for all TCF Purposes
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Up to 13 months (NOTE: storing/accessing data on a device is the cookie lifespan - up to 13 months each time the cookie is reset)
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
Up to 30 days
Event Data
Up to 13 months
Bid Request Data
Up to 13 months
Imported Data (Client)
Up to 30 days
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment)
Up to 30 days
Inferences/Inferred Data
Up to 13 months
Training Data
Up to 30 days
Information you provide
Up to 18 months
Processing Purpose / TCF Purpose
Categories of Personal Information used for this purpose
Maximum retention period for the TCF Purpose
Individual categories of data may have a shorter retention period as shown above
.
Store and/or access information on a device (TCF Purpose 1)
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Cookie life span is up to 13 months each time it’s reset
Use limited data to select advertising (TCF Purpose 2)
Pseudonymous Identifiers Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
Bid Request Data
Up to 30 days
Create profiles for personalised advertising (TCF Purpose 3)
Pseudonymous Identifiers Imprecise/Approximate
Location Information
Event Data
Bid Request Data
Imported Data (Client)
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment) Inferences/Inferred Data
Training Data
Up to 30 days
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (TCF Purpose 4)
Pseudonymous Identifiers Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
Bid Request Data
Imported Data (Client)
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment) Inferences/Inferred Data
Up to 13 months
Measure advertising performance (TCF Purpose 7)
Pseudonymous Identifiers Imprecise/Approximate
Location Information
Event Data
Bid Request Data
Inferences/Inferred Data
Up to 13 months
Measure content performance (TCF Purpose 8)
Pseudonymous Identifiers Imprecise/Approximate
Location Information
Event Data
Inferences/Inferred Data
Training Data
Up to 13 months
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources (TCF Purpose 9)
Pseudonymous Identifiers Imprecise/Approximate
Location Information
Event Data
Bid Request Data
Imported Data (Client)
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment) Inferences/Inferred Data
Training Data
Up to 13 months
Develop and improve services (TCF Purpose 10 )
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Imprecise/Approximate
Location Information
Event Data
Bid Request Data
Imported Data (Client)
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment)
Inferences/Inferred Data
Training Data
Up to 13 months
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors (TCF Special Purpose 1)
Pseudonymous Identifiers Imprecise/Approximate
Location Information
Event Data
Bid Request Data
Imported Data (Client)
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment) Inferences/Inferred Data
Training Data
Up to 13 months
Deliver and present advertising and content (TCF Special Purpose 2)
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Event Data
Bid Request Data
Up to 30 days
Match and combine data from other data sources (TCF Feature 1)
Pseudonymous Identifiers Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
The retention period will depend on the TCF Purpose pursued.
Link different devices (TCF Feature 2)
Pseudonymous Identifiers Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
Bid Request Data
The retention period will depend on the TCF Purpose pursued.
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically (TCF Feature 3)
Pseudonymous Identifiers Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
Bid Request Data
The retention period will depend on the TCF Purpose pursued.
Additionally, any of the categories of Personal Information described above may be Processed and retained for the following purposes.
Establishing, bringing, or defending against complaints, legal claims (including threatened or anticipated legal claims), and regulatory inquiries
Retained as needed for these purposes, including as required by applicable law. Otherwise, categories of Personal Information and associated retention periods are determined by the underlying purpose for which the Personal Information is Processed.
Responding to legal requests
Complying with relevant laws and regulations
Conducting research
Categories of Personal Information and associated retention periods are determined by the underlying purpose for which the Personal Information is Processed.
Hosting information
Categories of Personal Information and associated retention periods are determined by the underlying purpose for which the Personal Information is Processed.
International transfers
See
Key Terms
for definitions of capitalized terms.
Quantcast operates a global service, and we engage vendors located around the world to help us deliver the Solutions. Accordingly, your Personal Information may be transferred outside of the country or region in which you reside, including to the United States and other countries where either our data centers, vendors, affiliates, or other partners are located. Where we transfer your Personal Information internationally, we do so in accordance with applicable law.
If you are based in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland, please note that we may need to transfer your Personal Information to countries that have not been recognised by the
European Commision
and/or the
UK government
as providing an adequate level of protection for Personal Information. We generally use EU Standard Contractual Clauses (to facilitate both controller-to-controller and controller-to-processor transfers) or other government-approved contracts that provide appropriate safeguards for Personal Information that is transferred to countries that have not been recognised as providing an adequate level of protection. You can contact us at privacy[at]quantcast[dot]com to request a copy of our Standard Contractual Clauses.
In certain limited circumstances, we rely on other lawful mechanisms for international transfers of Personal Information or rely on derogations, such as the contractual necessity derogation.
Your choices and legal rights
See
Key Terms
for definitions of capitalized terms.
Under applicable law, you may have certain rights in relation to your Personal Information. Additional details about the rights that you may have and how to exercise such rights can be found below.
Right of access
:
The right to request access to your Personal Information and receive certain information, including the categories of your Personal Information we collect and disclose. To exercise this right, see our
Data Subject Request Form
.
Right of rectification/correction
: The right to request that we rectify (or correct) inaccurate Personal Information about you. In practice, if you seek to exercise your right of rectification/correction, due to the limited Personal Information we Process, we satisfy this right by providing you with the option to request deletion of your Personal Information. To request the deletion of your Personal Information, see our
Data Subject Request Form
.
Right of erasure/deletion
: The right, in certain cases, to request that we delete your Personal Information, provided there are valid grounds for doing so and subject to applicable law and exceptions. To exercise this right, see our
Data Subject Request Form
.
Right to data portability
: The right, in certain cases, to receive a copy of your Personal Information in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and transmit such information to another controller. To exercise this right, see our
Data Subject Request Form
.
Right to object (marketing)
: The right to object to the Processing of your Personal Information for direct marketing purposes. In practice, we satisfy this right by providing you with the option to opt out of our Processing of your Personal Information for advertising purposes. To exercise this right, see our
Privacy Choices Page
.
Right to object (legitimate interests)
: The right to object to the Processing of your Personal Information where we Process it on the basis of our legitimate interests, as described in the
Information Use and Legal Bases
section above. Unless we have compelling legitimate grounds or the information is needed for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, we will cease Processing your Personal Information when you object. To exercise this right, see our
Privacy Choices Page
.
Right to restrict Processing
: The right, in certain cases, to temporarily restrict our Processing of your Personal Information, provided there are valid grounds for doing so. In practice, if you seek to exercise your right to restrict the Processing of your Personal Information, we will treat it as an exercise of the right on an ongoing, rather than temporary, basis (i.e., the request will be treated as you exercising the right to object to the Processing of your Personal Information). To exercise this right, see our
Privacy Choices Pag
e
.
Right to withdraw your consent
: The right to withdraw the consent you have provided at any time, where we Process your Personal Information on the basis of your consent. Please note that the lawfulness of any Processing undertaken prior to your withdrawal of consent shall not be affected by the withdrawal. To exercise this right, see our
Privacy Choices Page
.
Right to lodge a complaint
: The right to complain to the relevant authority regarding the Processing of your Personal Information by us or on our behalf. In the EU, the lead supervisory authority is the
Irish Data Protection Commissioner.
See the section
Contact Us
below.
Please note that the rights listed above may not be exercised in certain circumstances, such as when the Processing of your Personal Information is necessary to comply with a legal obligation to which we are subject or for the exercise or defense of legal claims. Additionally, in order to protect your privacy, we may require proof of your identity before we can act on your request but only where it is necessary and proportionate to request this information.
If you are based in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland and have issues or questions about the above-listed rights, you may contact our European Data Protection Officer via
dpo [at] quantcast [dot] com
.
If certain jurisdictions, including the EEA, UK, or Switzerland, you also generally have the right not to be subject to a decision when it is based on automated Processing (i.e., an operation that is performed without any human intervention), if it produces a legal effect (i.e., impacts your legal rights) or significantly affects you in a similar way (e.g., significantly affects your financial circumstances or ability to access essential goods or services). Please note that Quantcast does not make decisions based solely on automated Processing that produce a legal effect or similarly significantly affect individuals.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your privacy rights.
Additional information for EEA, UK, and Switzerland residents
See
Key Terms
for definitions of capitalized terms.
If you are located in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland, please note that the Solutions are provided by our European entity, Quantcast International Limited. In Processing Personal Information in the context of providing the Solutions to our Clients, Quantcast Internal Limited generally acts as a data controller. More specifically, Quantcast International Limited is a joint controller along with its Client when we jointly determine the purposes for which your Personal Information will be Processed. For example, we are joint controllers with Advertisers and Publishers for Personal Information that is collected as Quantcast Cookies, or using Pixels, Tags and SDKs deployed by our Clients on their digital properties, and for the Processing of other Personal Information introduced into the Solutions directly by the Client. This is because both Quantcast and the Client have influence over whether and how we collect and Process the Personal Information. In limited situations, Quantcast is the sole data controller of Personal Information when we are Processing it for our own independent purposes, for instance when we use a Quantcast Pseudonymous Identifier or we derive aggregated analytics for modeling, developing our algorithms, or improving the Solutions.
Your choices and legal rights
Under applicable law, you may have certain rights in relation to your Personal Information. Additional details about the rights that you may have and how to exercise such rights can be found in the
Your choices and legal rights
section above.
If you are based in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland and have issues or questions about the above-listed rights, you may contact our European Data Protection Officer via
dpo [at] quantcast [dot] com
.
If you are based in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland, under applicable law, you also generally have the right not to be subject to a decision when it is based on automated Processing (i.e., an operation that is performed without any human intervention), if it produces a legal effect (i.e., impacts your legal rights) or significantly affects you in a similar way (e.g., significantly affects your financial circumstances or ability to access essential goods or services). Please note that Quantcast does not make decisions based solely on automated Processing that produce a legal effect or similarly significantly affect individuals.
Additional information for residents of certain U.S. states
See
Key Terms
for definitions of capitalized terms.
Certain U.S. states* have enacted consumer privacy laws that grant their residents certain rights and require additional disclosures (“State Privacy Laws”). If you are a resident of one of these states, this section applies to you.
*California, Colorado, Connecticut, Florida, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah, Virginia
Additional Disclosures
Above, in the
Information Collection
,
Information Use and Legal Basis
,
Information Sharing
, and
Information Retention
sections, we explain how we collect, use, disclose, and retain information about you. As required by certain State Privacy Laws, below, we use a table to explain this same information, including the categories of personal information we collect, the types of entities to which we disclose it, and the ways we use each category of information. The table explains our practices today and over the preceding 12 months.
Collection, Use, and Disclosure of Personal Information for Business Purposes
Category of Personal Information
We collect….
Categories of Recipients
We may disclose personal data to….
Use of Personal Information
We use personal data…
Identifiers
, such as IP Address and other similar Pseudonymous Identifiers.
Internet or other electronic network activity information
,
including browsing history and information regarding your interactions with websites or mobile apps or streaming media.
Geolocation data
, such as Imprecise/Approximate Location Information derived from device IP Addresses.
Inferences
, which refers to inferences drawn from any of the information in these categories of Personal Information to predict the individual’s characteristics.
Our affiliates and vendors
Our partners
To provide the Solutions which
help our Clients meet their objectives of finding new customers and growing their brands through the delivery of relevant ads and/or executing their digital content strategies more effectively, including showing ads targeted to your interests, understanding the effectiveness of the ads we show, and reporting our findings to our clients.
Other Details About Our Information Practices
We do not “sell” the personal information of any individuals as those terms are defined in State Privacy Laws.
We do not knowingly collect personal information about consumers considered to be children under applicable laws.
Your Privacy Rights
Opting Out of Targeted Advertising and Sharing
Some of the activities described in the
Information Sharing
section may be considered processing of your information for “targeted advertising” purposes under the State Law that applies to you. You can opt out of Quantcast identifier/cookie-based ad targeting by following the prompts at our
Privacy Choices Page
. You may also opt out of web-based ad targeting by enabling legally-recognized opt-out preference signal, such as the Global Privacy Control (“GPC”), a preference that you can set in certain web browsers to inform the websites you visit that you do not want information about your online activity sold or used for targeted advertising as such terms are defined under State Privacy Laws. Please visit our
Privacy Choices Page
for more information about GPC.
Access, Deletion, Correction
Depending on your state of residence, you may have the right to request access to, or deletion or correction of, your personal information. If you are interested in exercising one or more of the rights outlined above, please click the relevant link in the
Your choices and legal rights
section above. You may also submit requests by contacting us via email at
privacy [at] quantcast [dot] com
. We will attempt to verify your identity and respond to your request consistent with the State Privacy Laws.
Appeals
If we deny your request, you may have the right to appeal our decision by contacting us at
privacy [at] quantcast [dot] com
. If you have concerns about the result of an appeal, you may contact the attorney general in the state where you reside.
Authorized Agents
Depending upon where you reside, you may work with a natural person or business entity (an “Authorized Agent”) to submit rights requests on your behalf. If you are submitting a rights request as an Authorized Agent, you are required to submit proof of your authorization to make the request, such as a valid power of attorney or signed permission from the individual who is the subject of the request. We may also require you to verify your identity directly with us.
Nondiscrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your privacy rights.
CCPA Annual Report
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Regulations require businesses such as Quantcast to disclose metrics regarding the number of requests to know, delete, and opt-out. Information about annual data requests is available in the
CCPA Annual Report
.
Contact us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our information handling practices, please feel free to contact us.
Individuals located in the United States, please contact us at:
Quantcast Corp.
795 Folsom Street
San Francisco, CA 94107
Email: privacy[at]quantcast[dot]com
Individuals located outside of the United States, please contact us at:
Quantcast International Limited
Beaux Lane House
Lower Mercer Street
Dublin 2, Ireland
Email: privacy.qil [at] quantcast [dot] com
The Data Protection Officer (DPO) for Quantcast International Limited can be contacted at
dpo [at] quantcast [dot] com
.
If you have contacted us or our DPO about a privacy or information use concern and feel that we have not addressed it satisfactorily, you may contact our US-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
If you are a resident of the EEA, UK, or Switzerland, you also have the right to lodge a complaint against us with our lead supervisory authority, the
Irish Data Protection Commission
, or the
supervisory authority
in your country of residence.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes in our practices with respect to the collection, use, and/or disclosure of
Personal Information
or changes in applicable law. The “Last Updated” date at the top of this page indicates when this Privacy Policy was last updated. Any changes will become effective when we post a revised version of this Privacy Policy unless otherwise specified.
Some of our changes will be minor, but if we make significant changes to how we use or share your
Personal Information
, we will:
inform you in advance by posting a notice on our website
wait for a period of time before implementing the changes
We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to remain informed about our information handling and privacy practices.
Effective February 14th 2024
to
June 11th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Products and Services Privacy Policy
This Policy takes effect on March 1 2024. See Policy effective September 11 2023 until that date.
Products and Services Privacy Policy
Who we are and what we do
Scope of this Privacy Policy
Self-regulatory standards
Information collection
Information use and legal basis
Information sharing
Information security
Information retention
International transfers
Your choices and legal rights
Additional information for EEA, UK, and Switzerland residents
Additional information for California residents
Contact us
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Capitalised terms used in this Products and Services Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”) are defined in
Key Terms
unless otherwise defined herein.
To exercise your Data Subject Rights (described in the
Your choices and legal rights
below), please visit the
Quantcast Privacy Choices
page.
Who we are and what we do
Quantcast (“we”, “our”, or “us”) is a global digital advertising technology group of companies. Quantcast offers products and services that help digital advertisers and publishers (collectively, “Clients”) understand and grow their audiences (the “Solutions”). Through Quantcast Advertise Solutions, advertiser Clients can plan, activate, and measure the performance of their advertising campaigns seamlessly in a single audience platform, which helps them to place their ads to maximise results. Through Quantcast Measure Solutions, digital publisher Clients leverage insights to better understand the makeup of their audiences, how audiences spend their time across their digital properties, and what audiences care about, all of which help these  digital businesses better connect their content and
Audiences
with the right advertising.
To provide the Solutions, Quantcast collects and uses
Personal Information
for various purposes, such as measuring and understanding audiences, targeting and delivering ads, measuring ad performance, and similar related purposes.  As described in the “
Information Collection
” section below, we may join or match
Personal Information
about you, which may include your
Online Data
from your visits across different digital properties, like websites,mobile apps, or streaming media devices (such as connected TVs (“CTVs”)), that have implemented Quantcast
Pixels, Tags or SDKs
(which is sometimes called “tracking” in the industry) or
Offline Data
. This allows us, for example, to enrich our existing data sets and provide meaningful reports for our Clients regarding the effectiveness of their ads or content. We may also combine
Personal Information
that we collect in order to probabilistically link media consumption to a single user, which is sometimes called
Cross-Media Matching/Linking
. To the extent that we combine
Personal Information
that we collect from and about you in connection with our performance of the Solutions, we will use such combined information only as described in this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy describes in more detail how we collect, use, disclose, and protect
Personal Information
, otherwise obtain and
Process
it in connection with the delivery of the Solutions, and the controls we provide you to manage such information and exercise your choices and legal rights.  As noted in the “
Information use and legal basis
” section below, we use the
Transparency and Consent Framework
(“
TCF
”) standard to facilitate compliance with applicable laws in Europe, primarily in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”). Because the
TCF
is one means of explaining
Processing
activities, and because our
Processing
activities are consistent globally, the
TCF Purposes
are applicable to all
Personal Information
that we
Process
(regardless of the information’s country of origin).
In the United States, the Solutions are provided by Quantcast Corporation, located at 795 Folsom Street, San Francisco, CA 94107.
Personal Information
relating to individuals located within the United States provided to or gathered by us in connection with the delivery of the Solutions is controlled by Quantcast Corporation.
Outside of the United States, the Solutions are provided by Quantcast International Limited, located at Beaux Lane House, Lower Mercer Street, Dublin 2, Ireland.  In so far as Quantcast acts as a “controller” (as defined under applicable law), Quantcast International  Limited is the controller of your
Personal Information
if you reside in the European Economic Area (EEA), United Kingdom (UK), Switzerland, or any other jurisdiction outside of the United States.
Scope of this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy covers Quantcast’s use of
Personal Information
for the Solutions only.  This Privacy Policy does not cover:
Personal Information
collected from our website, www.quantcast.com, except to the extent that we use our own Solutions on our website. It also does not pertain to the collection and use of
Personal Information
in connection with our corporate functions, such as marketing, recruiting, people management, business-to-business communications, and so forth. For our privacy policy relating to our website and our corporate functions, please click
here
.
Any third parties’ handling of
Personal Information,
unless explicitly stated otherwise. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any other companies that you engage or interact with to understand their information handling and privacy practices.
We use some phrases in this Privacy Policy that are unique to our business and/or the digital advertising industry. For a list of defined terms that you should familiarise yourself with to make it easier to review this Privacy Policy, please review the
Key Terms
.
California Notice at Collection: We collect the categories of
Personal Information
listed in the “
Categories of personal information collected
” subsection of the “
California privacy rights
” section below. As further described in the
“Information use and legal basis”
section below, we collect this information in order to deliver the Solutions and conduct our business. To learn more, please see the “
California privacy rights
” section.
Self-regulatory standards
Quantcast supports and participates in several digital advertising self-regulatory organisations, as further described below.
We are members in good standing of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) and adhere to the
NAI 2020 Code of Conduct
.
We participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) and adhere to the
DAA Self-Regulatory Principles
.
We participate in the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) and are certified under the
EDAA Principles
.
We participate in, and comply with, the policies and technical specifications of the
TCF
, as a vendor. Quantcast’s IAB Europe-assigned identification number ia Vendor ID #11.
Please see the “
Your choices and legal rights
” section of this Privacy Policy for more information about the opt-out tools offered by the NAI, DAA, and EDAA.
Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a preference that you can set in certain web browsers to inform the websites you visit that you do not want information about your online activity collected over time and across third-party websites or online services. We do not honor DNT or other similar signals at this time, due to the lack of a clear industry standard. Please visit the
Quantcast Privacy Choices
page for your opt-out options.
Global Privacy Control (“GPC”) is a preference that you can set in certain web browsers to inform the websites you visit that you do not want information about your online activity collected over time and across third-party websites or online services. We honor GPC for all data subjects in the United States. Please visit the
Quantcast Privacy Choices
page for more information about GPC.
Information collection
We collect or receive
Personal Information
about or relating to you in various ways, including from digital properties, like websites, mobile apps, or streaming media devices (such as connected TVs (“CTVs”), and other sources of digital content. Details about the categories of
Personal Information
we collect and receive, the source or manner in which we obtain each category of
Personal Information,
the purpose(s) for which we
Process
each category of
Personal Information
, and the retention period for each category of
Personal Information
we
Process
can be found in the table below. As described in the “
Who we are and what we do
” section, where applicable the
Processing
purposes identified in the table below are tied to the
TCF Purposes
outlined in the “
Information use and legal bases
” section.
Category and Description of
Personal Information
Source of
Personal Information
Purpose for
Processing
(including where relevant the
TCF Purpose
) and Retention Period
Pseudonymous Identifiers:
unique values that distinguish your browser profile(s) or device(s).
Examples include a
Cookie ID
, device
IP Address
, hashed email addresses, 3rd party identifiers, or other
Device Identifiers
or
Device Configuration/ Information.
Usually  generated when
Pixels, Tags, or SDKs
are loaded by a Client on its digital property (i.e., website, mobile app, or device) and sends information to us. Different kinds of
Pixels, Tags, or SDKs
are used for different purposes, but the types of information generated are the same.
Such information may also be received through a server- to- server connection, such as when receiving a
Bid Request
.
.
Pseudonymous Identifiers will be retained for up to 13 months for the following Purposes (NOTE: storing/accessing data on a device is the cookie lifespan - up to 13 months each time the cookie is reset):
TCF Purpose 1: Store and/or access information on a device
TCF Purpose 2: Use limited data to select advertising
TCF Purpose 3: Create profiles for personalised advertising
TCF Purpose 4: Use profiles to select personalised advertising
TCF Purpose 7: Measure advertising performance
TCF Purpose 8: Measure content performance
TCF Purpose 9: Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
TCF Purpose 10: Develop and improve services
TCF Special Purpose 1: Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
TCF SpecialPurpose 2: Deliver and present advertising and content
TCF Feature 1: Match and combine data from other data sources
TCF Feature 2: Link different devices
TCF Feature 3: Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Recording consent choices made by users
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information:
The time zone and approximate geolocation (e.g., postal code or city) of your device.
Inferred or derived by Quantcast from your device’s
IP Address
or included in
Bid Requests
.
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information will be retained for up to 30 days for the following Purposes:
TCF Purpose 2: Use limited data to select advertising
TCF Purpose 3: Create profiles for advertising
TCF Purpose 4: Use profiles to select personalised advertising
TCF Purpose 7: Measure advertising performance
TCF Purpose 8: Measure content performance
TCF Purpose 9: Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
TCF Purpose 10: Develop and improve products
TCF Special Purpose 1: Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
TCF Feature 1: Match and combine data from other data sources
TCF Feature 2: Link different devices
TCF Feature 3: Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Event Data
: Information relating to your
Online Data,
which may include
Pseudonymous Identifiers,
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
,
HTTP Request Header Information
,
Device Information
, and
Browsing Data.
Generated when
Pixels, Tags or SDKs
, installed by a Client on its digital property, loads and sends information to us.
Different kinds of
Pixels, Tags or SDKs
are used for different purposes, but the types of information generated are the same.
Event Data  will be retained for up to 13 months for the following Purposes:
TCF Purpose 3: Create profiles for advertising
TCF Purpose 7: Measure advertising performance
TCF Purpose 8: Measure content performance
TCF Purpose 9: Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
TCF Purpose 10: Develop and improve products
TCF Special Purpose 1: Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
TCF SpecialPurpose 2: Deliver and present advertising and content
TCF Feature 2: Link different devices
TCF Feature 3: Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Bid Request Data
: A bid request is an offer from a digital publisher, like a website, mobile app, or streaming media owner, to show an ad on their property.
Bid Request Data
includes information about your visit to the publisher’s digital property, which helps us understand where an ad will be displayed,
Device Information
, and who might see it.
Bid Request Data
also commonly includes a
Pseudonymous Identifier
(if available), the content that the ad would serve into, the type of device the ad would be served on, the
Imprecise / Approximate Location Information
of the device, the size of the ad, and consent information. Because
Bid Requests
include information about the content you are visiting, over time, accumulated
Bid Requests
may show your browsing behavior.
Received from a digital publisher.
Bid RequestData  will be retained for up to 13 months for the following Purposes:
TCF Purpose 2: Use limited data to select advertising
TCF Purpose 3: Create profiles for advertising
TCF Purpose 7: Measure advertising performance
TCF Purpose 9: Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
TCF Purpose 10: Develop and improve products
TCF Special Purpose 1: Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
TCF SpecialPurpose 2: Deliver and present advertising and content
TCF Feature 2: Link different devices
TCF Feature 3: Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Imported Data (Client):
Pseudonymised Information
, which may include
Online Data
, and/or
Offline Data
that may be apportioned by
Browsing Data,
Attributes
,
Segments
,
Label Data
and
Interests
.
Uploaded to the Quantcast platform or provided to us via an Application Programming Interface (“API”) by a particular Client for use on its behalf.
Imported Data (client) will be retained for up to 30 days for the following Purposes:
TCF Purpose 3: Create profiles for advertising
TCF Purpose 9: Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
TCF Purpose 10: Develop and improve products
TCF Special Purpose 1: Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud,
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment):
Pseudonymised Information,
which may include
Online Data,
and/or
Offline Data
that may be apportioned by
Browsing Data
,
Attributes
,
Segments
,
Label Data
and
Interests
.
Uploaded to the Quantcast platform or provided to us via an API by third-party
Data Management Platforms or Data Providers
.
Imported  Data (Third Party/Segment) will be retained for up to 30 days for the following Purposes:
TCF Purpose 3: Create profiles for advertising
TCF Purpose 4: Use profiles to select personalised advertising
TCF Purpose 9: Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
TCF Purpose 10: Develop and improve products
TCF Special Purpose 1: Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Inferences/Inferred Data
: Information drawn from the above-listed categories of information (i.e.,
Event Data,
Bid Request Data
,
Imported Data (Client),
and
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment)
).
We may, for example, use information that we have collected to infer your interests, age, gender, marital status, or income range. These
Inferences
may include
Interests
and
Attributes
.
Derived by Quantcast from previously collected
Event Data,
Bid Request Data
,
Imported Data (Client),
and/or
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment).
Inferences/Inferred Data will be retained for up to 13 months for the following Purposes:
TCF Purpose 3: Create profiles for advertising
TCF Purpose 4: Use profiles to select personalised advertising
TCF Purpose 7: Measure advertising performance
TCF Purpose 8: Measure content performance
TCF Purpose 9: Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
TCF Purpose 10: Develop and improve products
TCF Special Purpose 1: Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Training Data:
Pseudonymous Information
used to improve Quantcast’s algorithms and measure how well they are working.
Received from third-party data providers and matched to
Pseudonymous Identifiers.
Training Data  will be retained for up to 30 days for the following Purposes:
TCF Purpose 3: Create profiles for advertising
TCF Purpose 8: Measure content performance
TCF Purpose 9: Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
TCF Purpose 10: Develop and improve products
TCF Special Purpose 1: Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Information you provide: This may include your contact details, (e.g., name, email address, or phone number) and any commentary or other information you provide when you contact Quantcast.
Provided by you when you contact Quantcast.
Carrying out our legitimate business purposes.
Retention Period: up to 18 months
Additionally, any of the categories of
Personal Information
described above may be
Processed
for the following purposes.
Establishing, bringing, or defending against complaints, legal claims (including threatened or anticipated legal claims), and regulatory inquiries
Categories of
Personal Information
and associated retention periods are determined by the underlying purpose for which the
Personal Information
is Processed.
Responding to legal requests
Complying with relevant laws and regulations
Conducting research
Hosting of
Personal Information
for above-listed purposes
Technically, all
Personal Information
is
Processed
in the course of being hosted on a server or in cloud computing service. Retention periods for each category of
Personal Information
Processed
are disclosed above.
Sensitive information: We generally do not seek or permit sensitive
Personal Information
(e.g., information revealing an individual’s racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership; genetic or biometric data that is
Processed
for the purpose of uniquely identifying an individual; information concerning an individual’s health, sex life, or sexual orientation; and information relating to criminal convictions and offenses) to be used in the Solutions. However, as allowed by applicable laws and rules, we may collect and
Process
non-sensitive health-related information (outside of the EEA, UK, and Switzerland) in connection with the delivery of the Solutions. We provide a list of standard health segments and a representative sample of custom health segments that we use for targeted advertising
here
. Please note that where we
Process
any of your sensitive
Personal Information
, we seek and obtain your consent and/or otherwise
Process
such information in accordance with applicable laws and rules.
Children’s information: We do not seek or permit
Personal Information
from children under the age of 16. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with
Personal Information
, that parent or guardian should contact us at privacy [at] quantcast [dot] com. If we become aware that a child has provided us with
Personal Information
, we will take all reasonable steps to delete such information from our files.
Contractual commitments from our Clients and third-party Data Providers: We contractually require other companies that provide or make available to us
Personal Information
to take steps to ensure that we can lawfully
Process
such information, which include: (i) posting complete and accurate privacy policies that comply with applicable laws and rules and describe their
Personal Information
collection, use, and sharing practices; (ii) obtaining all legally-required consents and necessary permissions; and (iii) providing individuals with appropriate choices and the ability to opt out of the
Processing
of their
Personal Information
, where necessary or appropriate.
Information use and legal basis
As described in the “
Who we are and what we do
” section, we generally use the
TCF
as the mechanism for describing our
Processing
activities, and in Europe specifically for establishing our legal basis for
Processing
and managing users’ preferences for online personalised advertising and related activities. The
TCF
is designed to allow a digital business to present information and choices to users on its website relating to the
Processing
of their
Personal Information
.
We
Process
Personal Information
for the purposes for which it was collected or provided to us. The table below describes the specific purposes for which we
Process
the
Personal Information
we collect or otherwise obtain about you. This table includes:
the purposes for which Quantcast
Processes
Personal Information
,which are tied to the defined purposes for
Processing
, special purposes, and features set forth in the
TCF Policies
and official technical documentation disseminated by IAB Europe where applicable(see Appendix A of the
TCF Policies
for examples and illustrations of the purposes, special purposes and features,
a description of each
Processing
activity using
TCF
-specific terminology (to the extent applicable), and
the legal basis that we rely on to perform each of our
Processing
activities.
Please note that in Europe, where we indicate that “Legitimate Interests” in accordance with the GDPR is the legal basis for
Processing
, we carry out the
Processing
in reliance on our legitimate interests or those of a third party (e.g., our Clients), provided that such interests are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
Processing Purpose /  TCF Purpose
(where
TCF
is applicable)
Description of
Processing
Activity (using
TCF Purpose
terms)
Legal Basis
for
Processing
Storing and/or accessing information on a device (
TCF Purpose
1)
Cookies
,
Device Identifiers
, or other information more fully described in association with the purposes below can be stored or accessed on your device for the purposes presented to you.
Consent
Use limited data to select advertising (
TCF Purpose
2)
Ads can be shown to you based on the content you’re viewing, the app you’re using, your device’s
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information,
or your device type.
When selecting “Use limited data to select advertising”, Quantcast will:
Use real-time information about the context in which the ad will be shown, including information about the content and your device, such as: device type and capabilities,
User Agent
,
URL
, and
IP Address
Use your device’s
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
Control the frequency of ads shown to you
Sequence the order in which ads are shown to you
Prevent an ad from serving in an unsuitable editorial (brand-unsafe) context
Consent or Legitimate Interests, depending on the choice of the Client that is using the
TCF
.
Where we rely on Legitimate Interests, we carry out the
Processing
to help our advertiser Clients meet their objectives of finding new customers and growing their brands through the delivery of relevant ads.
Creating profiles for personalised ads (
TCF Purpose
3)
A profile can be built about you and your
Interests
to show you personalised ads that are relevant to you.
To create or edit a profile for use in personalised advertising, Quantcast will:
Collect information about you, including your activity, visits to websites or mobile apps or streaming media, or
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
Aggregate
Attributes
and
Interests
and
Panel
-based demographic information,
Combine information with other information previously collected, including from across websites or mobile apps or streaming media
Consent
Using profiles to select  personalised ads (
TCF Purpose
4)
When serving personalised ads, Quantcast will select personalised ads based on
Personal Information
collected from or about you, such as your prior activity,
Interests
, visits to websites or mobile apps or streaming media,
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information,
demographic information or
Inferences
.
Consent
Measuring advertising performance (
TCF Purpose
7)
Quantcast will measure the performance and effectiveness of ads that you see or interact with.
In particular, to measure whether and how ads were delivered to you and how you interacted with them, Quantcast will:
Provide reporting to Clients about ads, including their effectiveness and performance
Provide reporting to Clients about your interactions with ads using data observed during your interaction with the ad
Provide reporting to Clients about the ads displayed on their properties
Measure whether an ad is serving in a suitable editorial environment (brand-safe) context
Determine the percentage of the ad that had the opportunity to be seen and the duration of that opportunity
Combine this information with other information previously collected, including from across websites or mobile apps or streaming media
In the provision of the Solutions to some Clients, Quantcast may correlate information between entries within its own datasets that have the same
Pseudonymous Identifier
or with information obtained from Ad Serving, Ad Verification, or
Data Management Platforms/Data Providers.
We do this to provide aggregated reporting to Clients about the number of visitors to their digital properties.
Quantcast does not apply
Panel
or similarly derived
Audience Insights
data to ad measurement data without a separate legal basis to apply market research to generate
Audience Insights.
Consent or Legitimate Interests, depending on the choice of the Client that is using the
TCF
.
Where we rely on Legitimate Interests, we carry out the
Processing
to help our advertiser Clients meet their objective of ascertaining, measuring, and improving the effectiveness of their ad campaigns.
Measuring content performance (
TCF Purpose
8)
The performance and effectiveness of content that you see or interact with can be measured.
To measure content performance, Quantcast will:
Measure and report to Clients on how content was delivered to and interacted with by you
Provide reporting to Clients, using directly measurable or known information about your interactions with the content
Combine this information with other information previously collected, including from across visits to websites or mobile apps or streaming media
Consent or Legitimate Interests, depending on the choice of the Client that is using the
TCF
.
Where we rely on Legitimate Interests, we carry out the
Processing
to help our Clients meet their objective of executing their digital content strategies more effectively.
Understanding audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources i.e.  applying market research to generate
Audience Insights
(
TCF Purpose
9)
Market research can be used to learn more about the
Audiences
who visit websites, mobile apps, or streaming media, and view ads.
To generate
Audience Insights
, Quantcast will:
Provide aggregate reporting to advertisers or their representatives (such as advertising agencies) about the
Audiences
reached by their ads, through
Panel
-based and similarly derived insights
Provide aggregate reporting to Clients about the
Audiences
that were served or interacted with content and/or ads on their properties by applying
Panel
-based and similarly derived insights
Associate
Offline Data
with you for the purposes of market research to generate
Audience Insights
(if we have declared that we will match and combine
Offline Data
sources)
Combine this information with other information previously collected, including from visits to websites or mobile apps or streaming media
Consent or Legitimate Interests, depending on the choice of the Client that is using the
TCF
.
Where we rely on Legitimate Interests, we carry out the
Processing
to help our Clients meet their objectives of finding new customers and growing their brands through the delivery of relevant ads and/or executing their digital content strategies more effectively.
Developing and improving services (
TCF Purpose
10 )
Your information can be used to improve Quantcast’s existing systems and software and to develop new products.
To develop and improve its products, Quantcast will:
Use information to improve its existing products with new features and to develop new products
Create new models and algorithms through machine learning
For example, Quantcast matches its datasets with
Training Data
, which usually includes
Event Data
,
Bid Request Data
,
Imported Data (Client)
, and/or
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment)
. Quantcast primarily uses
Training Data
to train its algorithms how to infer individuals’
Attributes
and
Interests
in the context of the Solutions.
Consent or Legitimate Interest, depending on the choice of the Client that is using the
TCF
.
Where we rely on Legitimate Interests, we carry out the
Processing
to meet our organisational objective of continuously improving the Solutions for our Clients.
Ensuring security, preventing and detecting fraud, and fixing errors  (
TCF Special Purpose
1)
Your information can be used to monitor for and prevent fraudulent activity and ensure our systems and processes work properly and securely.
To ensure security, prevent fraud, and debug, Quantcast will:
Ensure information is securely transmitted
Detect and prevent malicious, fraudulent, invalid, or illegal activity
Ensure correct and efficient operation of systems and processes, including monitoring and enhancing the performance of systems and processes engaged in permitted purposes
Legitimate Interests
We conduct the
Processing
to meet organisational objectives such as to maintain our IT systems; to ensure the electronic security of our business; and to detect and prevent against malicious, fraudulent, invalid, and illegal activity.
Technically deliver ads or content (
TCF Special Purpose
2)
Your device can receive and send information that allows you to see and interact with ads and content.
To deliver information and respond to technical requests, Quantcast will:
Use your device’s
IP Address
to deliver an ad or content over the internet
Respond to your interactions with an ad or content by sending you to a landing page
Use information about your device type and capabilities for delivering ads or content (e.g., to deliver the right size ad creative or video file in a format supported by your device)
Quantcast may also match
Pseudonymous Identifiers
with third parties in order to deliver ads to
Audiences
.
Legitimate Interests
We carry out the
Processing
to help our advertiser Clients meet their objective to ascertain, measure, and improve the effectiveness of their ad campaigns.
Matching and combining data from other  sources i.e.  offline data (TCF Feature 1)
Offline Data
can be combined with your online activity in support of one or more purposes or special purposes outlined in this table.
The legal basis will depend on the
TCF Purpose
pursued.
Linking different devices (TCF Feature 2)
Different devices can be determined as belonging to you or your household in support of one or more purposes.
Through
Cross-Media Matching/Linking,
Quantcast will:
Deterministically determine that two or more devices belong to you or your household
Probabilistically determine that two or more devices belong to you or your household
The legal basis will depend on the
TCF Purpose
pursued.
Receiving and using automatically sent device characteristics for identification (TCF Feature 3)
Your device will be distinguished from other devices based on information it automatically sends, such as
IP Address
or browser type.
In particular, Quantcast will:
Create an identifier using information collected automatically from your device for specific characteristics (e.g.,
IP Address
or User Agent information)
Use such an identifier to attempt to re-identify your device
The legal basis will depend on the
TCF Purpose
pursued.
Establishing, bringing, or defending against complaints, legal claims (including threatened or anticipated legal claims), and regulatory inquiries
We
Process
, preserve, and share
Personal Information
when we seek legal advice or seek to protect ourselves in the context of litigation and other disputes.
Legitimate Interests
We carry out the
Processing
to meet our objective of protecting ourselves and others, including in connection with investigations, litigation, and regulatory inquiries.
Responding to legal requests
We preserve and share
Personal Information
in response to legal requests from law enforcement and other government officials, to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process, and when we believe in good faith that disclosure of such information is necessary to comply with a judicial proceeding or court order.
Legitimate Interests
We carry out the
Processing
to meet our objective of protecting ourselves and others, including in connection with investigations and regulatory inquiries.
Complying with relevant laws and regulations
We
Process
Personal Information
to comply with our legal obligations under applicable law.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to
Process
Personal Information
we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters: where we are in receipt of a court order to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006 or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required
Consumer matters: to comply with our obligations under consumer law, such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014 (e.g., where the Irish Competition and Consumer Protection Commission requests information)
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations under company legislation and tax law, such as the Companies Act 2014 or where the Irish Revenue requests information
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations under data protection laws, including to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the GDPR and the Data Protection Act 2018
See
quantcast.com/privacy/laws
for the current list of laws which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Quantcast which results in the
Processing
of
Personal Information
. As new laws may be enacted or other obligations may require us to
Process
your
Personal Information
, we will update this list from time to time.
Compliance with a legal obligation.
Conducting research
We use
Personal Information
to conduct research, surveys, product testing, and troubleshooting to help us operate and improve our products and services.
Legitimate Interests
We carry out the
Processing
to meet our organisational objective of delivering and continuously improving the Solutions for our Clients.
Hosting information
We
Process
Personal Information
to manage our business, which includes hosting
Personal Information
in our on-premise data centers and/or cloud computing services.
Legitimate Interests
We carry out the
Processing
to meet our organisational objective of delivering the Solutions to our Clients.
Information sharing
In connection with one or more of the purposes outlined in the “
Information use and legal basis
” section above, we may share your
Personal Information
with the categories of third parties described below.
Category of Recipient
Description and Purpose of Sharing
Categories of
Personal Information
Shared
Quantcast-affiliated companies
We share your
Personal Information
with Quantcast-affiliated companies in order to provide the Solutions.
All or certain categories of
Personal Information
are shared only as necessary or appropriate.
Our vendors (including service providers/data processors)
Visit the
Quantcast Partners
page for a list of our vendors.
We share your
Personal Information
with vendors who act on our behalf and are subject to binding contractual obligations and restrictions on the
Processing
of
Personal Information
we share with them. For example, these companies assist with information hosting, information
Processing
, database management, and administrative tasks.
All or certain categories of
Personal Information
are shared only as necessary or appropriate.
Our partners, such as
Data Management Platforms and Data Providers
and
Advertising Exchanges
Visit the
Quantcast Partners
page for a list of our Partners
We share
Pseudonymous Identifiers
with companies that we partner with to support the operation of the Solutions. Specifically, Quantcast shares
Pseudonymous Identifiers
with 1) data providers via
Data Management Platforms
for the purpose of performing
Cookie Syncing/Matches
with
Imported Data (Client)
and Third Party/Segment Data, and 2) and
Advertising Exchanges
for the purpose of serving ads.
Pseudonymous Identifiers.
Relevant third parties as part of a corporate transaction
In the event of a reorganisation, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets, or stock (including in connection with a bankruptcy or similar proceeding), we may share your
Personal Information
with (or transfer your
Personal Information
to) certain third parties, such as the acquiring entity and its advisors. We may also make certain information available to a potential investor or purchaser (and their advisers) in advance of any such transaction’s completion.
All or certain categories of
Personal Information
are shared only as necessary or appropriate.
Competent governmental and public authorities
We may share your
Personal Information
with governmental and law enforcement authorities, in each case to comply with legal or regulatory obligations or requests.
All or certain categories of
Personal Information
are shared only as necessary or appropriate.
Other third parties
We will share your
Personal Information
with other third parties at your direction or with your consent.
Additionally, we may share your
Personal Information
as necessary or appropriate or where otherwise permitted by law to:
Enforce our agreements
Protect our operations
Protect our rights, privacy, safety, property, and/or those of other persons
Allow us to pursue available remedies or limit damages that we may sustain
All or certain categories of
Personal Information
are shared only as necessary or appropriate.
We also create and share with our Clients insights or reports regarding the makeup of the
Audiences
that visit their digital properties or the performance of their advertising campaigns. These insights and reports may contain aggregated data from which individual users cannot be uniquely identified or data from which Quantcast has removed
Pseudonymous Identifiers
.
Information security
We employ appropriate organisational and technical security safeguards designed to keep
Personal Information
secure when it is transmitted to us and once we receive it. These measures may include encryption and  employment of information storage security technologies to restrict access to our network.  However, please be aware that no method of transmitting information over the internet or storing information is completely secure.
Information retention
We retain your
Personal Information
for as long as necessary for the purposes for which it was collected, as described in the “
Information Collection
” section above and in the tables below, except where we are required to retain the information for a longer period of time. Once
Personal Information
has reached its retention period, as applicable, we may either de-identify it (for CCPA purposes), anonymise it (for GDPR purposes), or permanently delete it.
Category of Personal Information
Maximum retention period for all purposes
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Up to 13 months (NOTE: storing/accessing data on a device is the cookie lifespan - up to 13 months each time the cookie is reset)
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
Up to 30 days
Event Data
Up to 13 months
Bid Request Data
Up to 13 months
Imported Data (Client)
Up to 30 days
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment)
Up to 30 days
Inferences/Inferred Data
Up to 13 months
Training Data
Up to 30 days
Information you provide
Up to 18 months
Processing Purpose /  TCF Purpose
Categories of
Personal Information
used for this purpose
Maximum retention period
Store and/or access information on a device (
TCF Purpose
1)
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Cookie life span is up to 13 months each time it’s reset
Use limited data to select advertising (
TCF Purpose
2)
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
Bid Request Data
Up to 30 days
Create profiles for personalised advertising (
TCF Purpose
3)
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Imprecise/Approximate
Location Information
Event Data
Bid Request Data
Imported Data (Client)
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment)
Inferences/Inferred Data
Training Data
Up to 30 days
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (
TCF Purpose
4)
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
Bid Request Data
Imported Data (Client)
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment)
Inferences/Inferred Data
Up to 13 months
Measure advertising performance (
TCF Purpose
7)
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Imprecise/Approximate
Location Information
Event Data
Bid Request Data
Inferences/Inferred Data
Up to 13 months
Measure content performance (
TCF Purpose
8)
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Imprecise/Approximate
Location Information
Event Data
Inferences/Inferred Data
Training Data
Up to 13 months
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources (
TCF Purpose
9)
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Imprecise/Approximate
Location Information
Event Data
Bid Request Data
Imported Data (Client)
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment)
Inferences/Inferred Data
Training Data
Up to 13 months
Develop and improve services  (
TCF Purpose
10 )
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Imprecise/Approximate
Location Information
Event Data
Bid Request Data
Imported Data (Client)
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment)
Inferences/Inferred Data
Training Data
Up to 13 months
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors (
TCF Special Purpose
1)
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Imprecise/Approximate
Location Information
Event Data
Bid Request Data
Imported Data (Client)
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment)
Inferences/Inferred Data
Training Data
Up to 13 months
Deliver and present advertising and content (
TCF Special Purpose
2)
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Event Data
Bid Request Data
Up to 30 days
Match and combine data from other data sources (TCF Feature 1)
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
The retention period will depend on the
TCF Purpose
pursued.
Link different devices (TCF Feature 2)
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
Bid Request Data
The retention period will depend on the
TCF Purpose
pursued.
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically (TCF Feature 3)
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
Bid Request Data
The retention period will depend on the
TCF Purpose
pursued.
Establishing, bringing, or defending against complaints, legal claims (including threatened or anticipated legal claims), and regulatory inquiries
Categories of
Personal Information
and associated retention periods are determined by the underlying purpose for which the
Personal Information
is Processed.
Responding to legal requests
Complying with relevant laws and regulations
Conducting research
Hosting information
Technically, all
Personal Information
is
Processed
in the course of being hosted on a server or in cloud computing service. Retention periods for each category of
Personal Information
Processed
are disclosed above.
International transfers
Quantcast operates a global service, and we engage vendors located around the world to help us deliver the Solutions. Accordingly, your
Personal Information
may be transferred outside of the country or region in which you reside, including to the United States and other countries where either our data centers, vendors, affiliates, or Partners are located. Where we transfer your
Personal Information
internationally, we do so in accordance with applicable law.
If you are based in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland, please note that we may need to transfer your
Personal Information
to countries that have not been recognised by the
European Commision
and/or the
UK government
as providing an adequate level of protection for
Personal Information
. We generally use EU Standard Contractual Clauses (to facilitate both controller-to-controller and controller-to-processor transfers) or other government-approved contracts that provide appropriate safeguards for
Personal Information
that is transferred to countries that have not been recognised as providing an adequate level of protection.  You can contact us at privacy@quantcast.com to request a copy of our Standard Contractual Clauses.
In certain limited circumstances, we rely on other lawful mechanisms for international transfers of
Personal Information
or rely on derogations, such as the contractual necessity derogation.
Your choices and legal rights
Under applicable law, you may have certain rights in relation to your
Personal Information
. Additional details about the rights that you may have and how to exercise such rights can be found below.
Right of access: The right to request access to your
Personal Information
and receive certain information, including the categories of your
Personal Information
we collect and disclose.  To exercise this right, see our
Data Subjcet Request Form
request form
here
.
Right of rectification/correction: The right to request that we rectify (or correct) inaccurate
Personal Information
about you. In practice, if you seek to exercise your right of rectification/correction, due to the limited
Personal Information
we
Process
, we satisfy this right by providing you with the option to request deletion of your
Personal Information
. To request the deletion of your
Personal Information
, see our
Data Subject Request Form
request form
here
.
Right of erasure/deletion: The right, in certain cases, to request that we delete your
Personal Information
, provided there are valid grounds for doing so and subject to applicable law and exceptions. To exercise this right, see our
Data Subject Request Form
request form
here
.
Right to data portability: The right, in certain cases, to receive a copy of your
Personal Information
in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and transmit such information to another controller. To exercise this right, see our
Data Subject Request Form
request form
here
.
Right to object (marketing): The right to object to the
Processing
of your
Personal Information
for direct marketing purposes. In practice, we satisfy this right by providing you with the option to opt out of our
Processing
of your
Personal Information
for advertising purposes. To exercise this right, see our
Privacy Choices (opt-out) Page
opt-out page
here
.  Additionally, as noted in the “
Self Regulatory Standards
” section above, we are a member of the NAI and a DAA and EDAA participating company. Each of these self-regulatory bodies offers a tool that allows individuals to opt out of receiving targeted advertising from Quantcast and other participating companies. These links will take you to the
NAI opt-out
page and the
DAA opt-out
page. If you are located in Europe, you may prefer to visit the
EDAA opt-out
page.
Right to object (legitimate interests): The right to object to the
Processing
of your
Personal Information
where we
Process
it on the basis of our legitimate interests, as described in the “
Information Use and Legal Bases
” section above.  Unless we have compelling legitimate grounds or the information is needed for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, we will cease
Processing
your
Personal Information
when you object.  To exercise this right, see our
Privacy Choices (opt-out) Page
opt-out page
here
.
Right to restrict
Processing
: The right, in certain cases, to temporarily restrict our
Processing
of your
Personal Information
, provided there are valid grounds for doing so. In practice, if you seek to exercise your right to restrict the
Processing
of your
Personal Information
, we will treat it as an exercise of the right on an ongoing, rather than temporary, basis (i.e., the request will be treated as you exercising the right to object to the
Processing
of your
Personal Information
). To exercise this right, see our
Privacy Choices (opt-out) Page
opt-out page
here
.
Right to withdraw your consent: The right to withdraw the consent you have provided at any time, where we
Process
your
Personal Information
on the basis of your consent. Please note that the lawfulness of any
Processing
undertaken prior to your withdrawal of consent shall not be affected by the withdrawal. To exercise this right, see our
Privacy Choices (opt-out) Page
opt-out page
here
.
Right to lodge a complaint: The right to complain to the relevant authority regarding the
Processing
of your
Personal Information
by us or on our behalf.  In the EU, the lead supervisory authority is the
Irish Data Protection Commissioner.
See the section “
Contact Us
” below.
Please note that the rights listed above may not be exercised in certain circumstances, such as when the
Processing
of your
Personal Information
is necessary to comply with a legal obligation to which we are subject or for the exercise or defense of legal claims. Additionally, in order to protect your privacy, we may require proof of your identity before we can act on your request but only where it is necessary and proportionate to request this information.
If you are based in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland and have issues or questions about the above-listed rights, you may contact our European Data Protection Officer via
dpo@quantcast.com
.
If you are based in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland, under applicable law, you also generally have the right not to be subject to a decision when it is based on automated
Processing
(i.e., an operation that is performed without any human intervention), if it produces a legal effect (i.e., impacts your legal rights) or significantly affects you in a similar way (e.g., significantly affects your financial circumstances or ability to access essential goods or services). Please note, however, that Quantcast does not make decisions based solely on automated
Processing
that produce a legal effect or similarly significantly affect individuals.
Additional information for EEA, UK, and Switzerland residents
If you are located in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland, please note that the Solutions are provided by our European entity, Quantcast International Limited. In
Processing
Personal Information
in the context of providing the Solutions to our Clients, Quantcast Internal Limited generally acts as a data controller. More specifically, Quantcast International Limited is a joint controller along with its Client when we jointly determine the purposes for which your
Personal Information
will be
Processed
. For example, we are joint controllers with Advertisers and Publishers for
Personal Information
that is collected as Quantcast
Cookies
, or using
Pixels, Tags and SDKs
deployed by our Clients on their digital properties, and for the
Processing
of other
Personal Information
introduced into the Solutions directly by the Client. This is because both Quantcast and the Client have influence over whether and how we collect and
Process
the
Personal Information
.  In limited situations, Quantcast is the sole data controller of
Personal Information
when we are
Processing
it for our own independent purposes, for instance when we use a Quantcast
Pseudonymous Identifier
or we derive aggregated analytics for modeling, developing our algorithms, or improving the Solutions.
Your choices and legal rights
Under applicable law, you may have certain rights in relation to your
Personal Information
. Additional details about the rights that you may have and how to exercise such rights can be found in the
Your choices and legal rights
section above.  .
If you are based in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland and have issues or questions about the above-listed rights, you may contact our European Data Protection Officer via
dpo@quantcast.com
.
If you are based in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland, under applicable law, you also generally have the right not to be subject to a decision when it is based on automated
Processing
(i.e., an operation that is performed without any human intervention), if it produces a legal effect (i.e., impacts your legal rights) or significantly affects you in a similar way (e.g., significantly affects your financial circumstances or ability to access essential goods or services). Please note, however, that Quantcast does not make decisions based solely on automated
Processing
that produce a legal effect or similarly significantly affect individuals.
Additional information for California residents
The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) provides California residents with certain rights. Pursuant to the CCPA, we are providing the following additional details regarding the categories of
Personal Information
about California residents that we collect, use, and disclose.
Categories of personal information collected: We have collected the following categories of
Personal Information
from California residents within the last twelve (12) months:
Identifiers, such as
IP Address
and other similar
Pseudonymous Identifiers.
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including browsing history and information regarding individuals’ interactions with websites or mobile apps or streaming media.
Geolocation data, such as
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
derived from device
IP Addresses.
Inferences
, which refers to inferences drawn from any of the information in these categories of
Personal Information
to predict the individual’s characteristics.
Categories of sources of personal information: As described in the “
Information collection
” section above, we collect the above-listed categories of
Personal Information
directly from individuals; through automated means (e.g.
Pixels, Tags and SDKs
,
Cookies
or
Bid Requests
); and from third parties (e.g., our Clients).
Disclosures of personal information: As described in the “
Information sharing
” section above, in the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed
Personal Information
about California residents in all of the above-listed categories of
Personal Information
to our affiliates and vendors. Additionally, in the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed
Identifiers
to our partners.
Sale of personal information: Quantcast does not “sell” (as defined in the CCPA)
Personal Information
and has not “sold”
Personal Information
in the preceding twelve (12) months in relation to operating the Solutions.
Individual rights and requests: If you are a California resident, you have the right to request that we:
Disclose to you the following information covering the 12 months preceding your request:
the categories of
Personal Information
we have collected about you and the categories of sources from which we collected such information;
the specific pieces of
Personal Information
we have collected about you;
the business or commercial purpose for collecting
Personal Information
about you;
the categories of third parties with whom we shared or to whom we disclosed such
Personal Information
; and
if we sold or disclosed your
Personal Information
for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
sales, identifying the
Personal Information
categories that each category of recipient received; and
disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the
Personal Information
categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Delete the
Personal Information
we have collected from you.
If you are interested in exercising one or more of the rights outlined above, please click the relevant link in the
“Your choices and legal rights”
section above. You may also submit requests by contacting us via email at privacy [at] quantcast [dot] com. We will attempt to verify your identity and respond to your request consistent with the CCPA.
If you authorise a natural person or business entity to submit a request on your behalf (an “Authorised Agent”), the Authorised Agent may use the submission methods noted above. As part of our verification process, we will require proof concerning their status as an Authorised Agent, which may include proof of their registration with the California Secretary of State to conduct business in California and/or proof that they have power of attorney in accordance with California probate law. We may also require you to verify your identity directly with us or directly confirm with us that you provided the agent with permission to submit the request.
Information about annual data requests is available in the
CCPA Annual Report
..
We will not discriminate against you if you decide to exercise your rights under the CCPA.
Global Privacy Control (“ GPC ”) is a preference that you can set in certain web browsers to inform the websites you visit that you do not want information about your online activity collected over time and across third-party websites or online services. We honor GPC for all data subjects in the United States. Please visit the
Quantcast Privacy Choices
page for more information about GPC.
Contact us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our information handling practices, please feel free to contact us.
Individuals located in the United States, please contact us at:
Quantcast Corp.
795 Folsom Street
San Francisco, CA 94107
Email: privacy [at] quantcast [dot] com
Individuals located outside of the United States, please contact us at:
Quantcast International Limited
Beaux Lane House
Lower Mercer Street
Dublin 2, Ireland
Email: privacy.qil [at] quantcast [dot] com
The Data Protection Officer (DPO) for Quantcast International Limited can be contacted at
dpo@quantcast.com
.
If you have contacted us or our DPO about a privacy or information use concern and feel that we have not addressed it satisfactorily, you may contact our US-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
If you are a resident of the EEA, UK, or Switzerland, you also have the right to lodge a complaint against us with our lead supervisory authority, the
Irish Data Protection Commission
, or the
supervisory authority
in your country of residence.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes in our practices with respect to the collection, use, and/or disclosure of
Personal Information
or changes in applicable law. The “Last Updated” date at the top of this page indicates when this Privacy Policy was last updated.  Any changes will become effective when we post a revised version of this Privacy Policy unless otherwise specified.
Some of our changes will be minor, but if we make significant changes to how we use or share your
Personal Information
, we will:
inform you in advance by posting a notice on our website
wait for a period of time before implementing the changes
We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to remain informed about our information handling and privacy practices.
Effective February 13th 2024
to
February 14th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Products and Services Privacy Policy
This Policy takes effect on March 1 2024. See Policy effective September 11 2023 until that date.
Products and Services Privacy Policy
Who we are and what we do
Scope of this Privacy Policy
Self-regulatory standards
Information collection
Information use and legal basis
Information sharing
Information security
Information retention
International transfers
Your choices and legal rights
Additional information for EEA, UK, and Switzerland residents
Additional information for California residents
Contact us
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Capitalised terms used in this Products and Services Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”) are defined in
Key Terms
unless otherwise defined herein.
To exercise your Data Subject Rights (described in the
Your choices and legal rights
below), please visit the
Quantcast Privacy Choices
page.
Who we are and what we do
Quantcast (“we”, “our”, or “us”) is a global digital advertising technology group of companies. Quantcast offers products and services that help digital advertisers and publishers (collectively, “Clients”) understand and grow their audiences (the “Solutions”). Through Quantcast Advertise Solutions, advertiser Clients can plan, activate, and measure the performance of their advertising campaigns seamlessly in a single audience platform, which helps them to place their ads to maximise results. Through Quantcast Measure Solutions, digital publisher Clients leverage insights to better understand the makeup of their audiences, how audiences spend their time across their digital properties, and what audiences care about, all of which help these  digital businesses better connect their content and
Audiences
with the right advertising.
To provide the Solutions, Quantcast collects and uses
Personal Information
for various purposes, such as measuring and understanding audiences, targeting and delivering ads, measuring ad performance, and similar related purposes.  As described in the “
Information Collection
” section below, we may join or match
Personal Information
about you, which may include your
Online Data
from your visits across different digital properties, like websites,mobile apps, or streaming media devices (such as connected TVs (“CTVs”)), that have implemented Quantcast
Pixels, Tags or SDKs
(which is sometimes called “tracking” in the industry) or
Offline Data
. This allows us, for example, to enrich our existing data sets and provide meaningful reports for our Clients regarding the effectiveness of their ads or content. We may also combine
Personal Information
that we collect in order to probabilistically link media consumption to a single user, which is sometimes called
Cross-Media Matching/Linking
. To the extent that we combine
Personal Information
that we collect from and about you in connection with our performance of the Solutions, we will use such combined information only as described in this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy describes in more detail how we collect, use, disclose, and protect
Personal Information
, otherwise obtain and
Process
it in connection with the delivery of the Solutions, and the controls we provide you to manage such information and exercise your choices and legal rights.  As noted in the “
Information use and legal basis
” section below, we use the
Transparency and Consent Framework
(“
TCF
”) standard to facilitate compliance with applicable laws in Europe, primarily in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”). Because the
TCF
is one means of explaining
Processing
activities, and because our
Processing
activities are consistent globally, the
TCF Purposes
are applicable to all
Personal Information
that we
Process
(regardless of the information’s country of origin).
In the United States, the Solutions are provided by Quantcast Corporation, located at 795 Folsom Street, San Francisco, CA 94107.
Personal Information
relating to individuals located within the United States provided to or gathered by us in connection with the delivery of the Solutions is controlled by Quantcast Corporation.
Outside of the United States, the Solutions are provided by Quantcast International Limited, located at Beaux Lane House, Lower Mercer Street, Dublin 2, Ireland.  In so far as Quantcast acts as a “controller” (as defined under applicable law), Quantcast International  Limited is the controller of your
Personal Information
if you reside in the European Economic Area (EEA), United Kingdom (UK), Switzerland, or any other jurisdiction outside of the United States.
Scope of this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy covers Quantcast’s use of
Personal Information
for the Solutions only.  This Privacy Policy does not cover:
Personal Information
collected from our website, www.quantcast.com, except to the extent that we use our own Solutions on our website. It also does not pertain to the collection and use of
Personal Information
in connection with our corporate functions, such as marketing, recruiting, people management, business-to-business communications, and so forth. For our privacy policy relating to our website and our corporate functions, please click
here
.
Any third parties’ handling of
Personal Information,
unless explicitly stated otherwise. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any other companies that you engage or interact with to understand their information handling and privacy practices.
We use some phrases in this Privacy Policy that are unique to our business and/or the digital advertising industry. For a list of defined terms that you should familiarise yourself with to make it easier to review this Privacy Policy, please review the
Key Terms
.
California Notice at Collection: We collect the categories of
Personal Information
listed in the “
Categories of personal information collected
” subsection of the “
California privacy rights
” section below. As further described in the
“Information use and legal basis”
section below, we collect this information in order to deliver the Solutions and conduct our business. To learn more, please see the “
California privacy rights
” section.
Self-regulatory standards
Quantcast supports and participates in several digital advertising self-regulatory organisations, as further described below.
We are members in good standing of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) and adhere to the
NAI 2020 Code of Conduct
.
We participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) and adhere to the
DAA Self-Regulatory Principles
.
We participate in the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) and are certified under the
EDAA Principles
.
We participate in, and comply with, the policies and technical specifications of the
TCF
, as a vendor. Quantcast’s IAB Europe-assigned identification number ia Vendor ID #11.
Please see the “
Your choices and legal rights
” section of this Privacy Policy for more information about the opt-out tools offered by the NAI, DAA, and EDAA.
Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a preference that you can set in certain web browsers to inform the websites you visit that you do not want information about your online activity collected over time and across third-party websites or online services. We do not honor DNT or other similar signals at this time, due to the lack of a clear industry standard. Please visit the
Quantcast Privacy Choices
page for your opt-out options.
Global Privacy Control (“GPC”) is a preference that you can set in certain web browsers to inform the websites you visit that you do not want information about your online activity collected over time and across third-party websites or online services. We honor GPC for all data subjects in the United States. Please visit the
Quantcast Privacy Choices
page for more information about GPC.
Information collection
We collect or receive
Personal Information
about or relating to you in various ways, including from digital properties, like websites, mobile apps, or streaming media devices (such as connected TVs (“CTVs”), and other sources of digital content. Details about the categories of
Personal Information
we collect and receive, the source or manner in which we obtain each category of
Personal Information,
the purpose(s) for which we
Process
each category of
Personal Information
, and the retention period for each category of
Personal Information
we
Process
can be found in the table below. As described in the “
Who we are and what we do
” section, where applicable the
Processing
purposes identified in the table below are tied to the
TCF Purposes
outlined in the “
Information use and legal bases
” section.
Category and Description of
Personal Information
Source of
Personal Information
Purpose for
Processing
(including where relevant the
TCF Purpose
) and Retention Period
Pseudonymous Identifiers:
unique values that distinguish your browser profile(s) or device(s).
Examples include a
Cookie ID
, device
IP Address
, hashed email addresses, 3rd party identifiers, or other
Device Identifiers
or
Device Configuration/ Information.
Usually  generated when
Pixels, Tags, or SDKs
are loaded by a Client on its digital property (i.e., website, mobile app, or device) and sends information to us. Different kinds of
Pixels, Tags, or SDKs
are used for different purposes, but the types of information generated are the same.
Such information may also be received through a server- to- server connection, such as when receiving a
Bid Request
.
.
Pseudonymous Identifiers will be retained for up to 13 months for the following Purposes (NOTE: storing/accessing data on a device is the cookie lifespan - up to 13 months each time the cookie is reset):
TCF Purpose 1: Store and/or access information on a device
TCF Purpose 2: Use limited data to select advertising
TCF Purpose 3: Create profiles for personalised advertising
TCF Purpose 4: Use profiles to select personalised advertising
TCF Purpose 7: Measure advertising performance
TCF Purpose 8: Measure content performance
TCF Purpose 9: Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
TCF Purpose 10: Develop and improve services
TCF Special Purpose 1: Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
TCF SpecialPurpose 2: Deliver and present advertising and content
TCF Feature 1: Match and combine data from other data sources
TCF Feature 2: Link different devices
TCF Feature 3: Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Recording consent choices made by users
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information:
The time zone and approximate geolocation (e.g., postal code or city) of your device.
Inferred or derived by Quantcast from your device’s
IP Address
or included in
Bid Requests
.
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information will be retained for up to 30 days for the following Purposes:
TCF Purpose 2: Use limited data to select advertising
TCF Purpose 3: Create profiles for advertising
TCF Purpose 4: Use profiles to select personalised advertising
TCF Purpose 7: Measure advertising performance
TCF Purpose 8: Measure content performance
TCF Purpose 9: Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
TCF Purpose 10: Develop and improve products
TCF Special Purpose 1: Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
TCF Feature 1: Match and combine data from other data sources
TCF Feature 2: Link different devices
TCF Feature 3: Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Event Data
: Information relating to your
Online Data,
which may include
Pseudonymous Identifiers,
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
,
HTTP Request Header Information
,
Device Information
, and
Browsing Data.
Generated when
Pixels, Tags or SDKs
, installed by a Client on its digital property, loads and sends information to us.
Different kinds of
Pixels, Tags or SDKs
are used for different purposes, but the types of information generated are the same.
Event Data  will be retained for up to 13 months for the following Purposes:
TCF Purpose 3: Create profiles for advertising
TCF Purpose 7: Measure advertising performance
TCF Purpose 8: Measure content performance
TCF Purpose 9: Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
TCF Purpose 10: Develop and improve products
TCF Special Purpose 1: Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
TCF SpecialPurpose 2: Deliver and present advertising and content
TCF Feature 2: Link different devices
TCF Feature 3: Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Bid Request Data
: A bid request is an offer from a digital publisher, like a website, mobile app, or streaming media owner, to show an ad on their property.
Bid Request Data
includes information about your visit to the publisher’s digital property, which helps us understand where an ad will be displayed,
Device Information
, and who might see it.
Bid Request Data
also commonly includes a
Pseudonymous Identifier
(if available), the content that the ad would serve into, the type of device the ad would be served on, the
Imprecise / Approximate Location Information
of the device, the size of the ad, and consent information. Because
Bid Requests
include information about the content you are visiting, over time, accumulated
Bid Requests
may show your browsing behavior.
Received from a digital publisher.
Bid RequestData  will be retained for up to 13 months for the following Purposes:
TCF Purpose 2: Use limited data to select advertising
TCF Purpose 3: Create profiles for advertising
TCF Purpose 7: Measure advertising performance
TCF Purpose 9: Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
TCF Purpose 10: Develop and improve products
TCF Special Purpose 1: Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
TCF SpecialPurpose 2: Deliver and present advertising and content
TCF Feature 2: Link different devices
TCF Feature 3: Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Imported Data (Client):
Pseudonymised Information
, which may include
Online Data
, and/or
Offline Data
that may be apportioned by
Browsing Data,
Attributes
,
Segments
,
Label Data
and
Interests
.
Uploaded to the Quantcast platform or provided to us via an Application Programming Interface (“API”) by a particular Client for use on its behalf.
Imported Data (client) will be retained for up to 30 days for the following Purposes:
TCF Purpose 3: Create profiles for advertising
TCF Purpose 9: Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
TCF Purpose 10: Develop and improve products
TCF Special Purpose 1: Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud,
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment):
Pseudonymised Information,
which may include
Online Data,
and/or
Offline Data
that may be apportioned by
Browsing Data
,
Attributes
,
Segments
,
Label Data
and
Interests
.
Uploaded to the Quantcast platform or provided to us via an API by third-party
Data Management Platforms or Data Providers
.
Imported  Data (Third Party/Segment) will be retained for up to 30 days for the following Purposes:
TCF Purpose 3: Create profiles for advertising
TCF Purpose 4: Use profiles to select personalised advertising
TCF Purpose 9: Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
TCF Purpose 10: Develop and improve products
TCF Special Purpose 1: Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Inferences/Inferred Data
: Information drawn from the above-listed categories of information (i.e.,
Event Data,
Bid Request Data
,
Imported Data (Client),
and
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment)
).
We may, for example, use information that we have collected to infer your interests, age, gender, marital status, or income range. These
Inferences
may include
Interests
and
Attributes
.
Derived by Quantcast from previously collected
Event Data,
Bid Request Data
,
Imported Data (Client),
and/or
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment).
Inferences/Inferred Data will be retained for up to 13 months for the following Purposes:
TCF Purpose 3: Create profiles for advertising
TCF Purpose 4: Use profiles to select personalised advertising
TCF Purpose 7: Measure advertising performance
TCF Purpose 8: Measure content performance
TCF Purpose 9: Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
TCF Purpose 10: Develop and improve products
TCF Special Purpose 1: Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Training Data:
Pseudonymous Information
used to improve Quantcast’s algorithms and measure how well they are working.
Received from third-party data providers and matched to
Pseudonymous Identifiers.
Training Data  will be retained for up to 30 days for the following Purposes:
TCF Purpose 3: Create profiles for advertising
TCF Purpose 8: Measure content performance
TCF Purpose 9: Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
TCF Purpose 10: Develop and improve products
TCF Special Purpose 1: Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Information you provide: This may include your contact details, (e.g., name, email address, or phone number) and any commentary or other information you provide when you contact Quantcast.
Provided by you when you contact Quantcast.
Carrying out our legitimate business purposes.
Retention Period: up to 18 months
Additionally, any of the categories of
Personal Information
described above may be
Processed
for the following purposes.
Establishing, bringing, or defending against complaints, legal claims (including threatened or anticipated legal claims), and regulatory inquiries
Categories of
Personal Information
and associated retention periods are determined by the underlying purpose for which the
Personal Information
is Processed.
Responding to legal requests
Complying with relevant laws and regulations
Conducting research
Hosting of
Personal Information
for above-listed purposes
Technically, all
Personal Information
is
Processed
in the course of being hosted on a server or in cloud computing service. Retention periods for each category of
Personal Information
Processed
are disclosed above.
Sensitive information: We generally do not seek or permit sensitive
Personal Information
(e.g., information revealing an individual’s racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership; genetic or biometric data that is
Processed
for the purpose of uniquely identifying an individual; information concerning an individual’s health, sex life, or sexual orientation; and information relating to criminal convictions and offenses) to be used in the Solutions. However, as allowed by applicable laws and rules, we may collect and
Process
non-sensitive health-related information (outside of the EEA, UK, and Switzerland) in connection with the delivery of the Solutions. We provide a list of standard health segments and a representative sample of custom health segments that we use for targeted advertising
here
. Please note that where we
Process
any of your sensitive
Personal Information
, we seek and obtain your consent and/or otherwise
Process
such information in accordance with applicable laws and rules.
Children’s information: We do not seek or permit
Personal Information
from children under the age of 16. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with
Personal Information
, that parent or guardian should contact us at privacy [at] quantcast [dot] com. If we become aware that a child has provided us with
Personal Information
, we will take all reasonable steps to delete such information from our files.
Contractual commitments from our Clients and third-party Data Providers: We contractually require other companies that provide or make available to us
Personal Information
to take steps to ensure that we can lawfully
Process
such information, which include: (i) posting complete and accurate privacy policies that comply with applicable laws and rules and describe their
Personal Information
collection, use, and sharing practices; (ii) obtaining all legally-required consents and necessary permissions; and (iii) providing individuals with appropriate choices and the ability to opt out of the
Processing
of their
Personal Information
, where necessary or appropriate.
Information use and legal basis
As described in the “
Who we are and what we do
” section, we generally use the
TCF
as the mechanism for describing our
Processing
activities, and in Europe specifically for establishing our legal basis for
Processing
and managing users’ preferences for online personalised advertising and related activities. The
TCF
is designed to allow a digital business to present information and choices to users on its website relating to the
Processing
of their
Personal Information
.
We
Process
Personal Information
for the purposes for which it was collected or provided to us. The table below describes the specific purposes for which we
Process
the
Personal Information
we collect or otherwise obtain about you. This table includes:
the purposes for which Quantcast
Processes
Personal Information
,which are tied to the defined purposes for
Processing
, special purposes, and features set forth in the
TCF Policies
and official technical documentation disseminated by IAB Europe where applicable(see Appendix A of the
TCF Policies
for examples and illustrations of the purposes, special purposes and features,
a description of each
Processing
activity using
TCF
-specific terminology (to the extent applicable), and
the legal basis that we rely on to perform each of our
Processing
activities.
Please note that in Europe, where we indicate that “Legitimate Interests” in accordance with the GDPR is the legal basis for
Processing
, we carry out the
Processing
in reliance on our legitimate interests or those of a third party (e.g., our Clients), provided that such interests are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
Processing Purpose /  TCF Purpose
(where
TCF
is applicable)
Description of
Processing
Activity (using
TCF Purpose
terms)
Legal Basis
for
Processing
Storing and/or accessing information on a device (
TCF Purpose
1)
Cookies
,
Device Identifiers
, or other information more fully described in association with the purposes below can be stored or accessed on your device for the purposes presented to you.
Consent
Use limited data to select advertising (
TCF Purpose
2)
Ads can be shown to you based on the content you’re viewing, the app you’re using, your device’s
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information,
or your device type.
When selecting “Use limited data to select advertising”, Quantcast will:
Use real-time information about the context in which the ad will be shown, including information about the content and your device, such as: device type and capabilities,
User Agent
,
URL
, and
IP Address
Use your device’s
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
Control the frequency of ads shown to you
Sequence the order in which ads are shown to you
Prevent an ad from serving in an unsuitable editorial (brand-unsafe) context
Consent or Legitimate Interests, depending on the choice of the Client that is using the
TCF
.
Where we rely on Legitimate Interests, we carry out the
Processing
to help our advertiser Clients meet their objectives of finding new customers and growing their brands through the delivery of relevant ads.
Creating profiles for personalised ads (
TCF Purpose
3)
A profile can be built about you and your
Interests
to show you personalised ads that are relevant to you.
To create or edit a profile for use in personalised advertising, Quantcast will:
Collect information about you, including your activity, visits to websites or mobile apps or streaming media, or
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
Aggregate
Attributes
and
Interests
and
Panel
-based demographic information,
Combine information with other information previously collected, including from across websites or mobile apps or streaming media
Consent
Using profiles to select  personalised ads (
TCF Purpose
4)
When serving personalised ads, Quantcast will select personalised ads based on
Personal Information
collected from or about you, such as your prior activity,
Interests
, visits to websites or mobile apps or streaming media,
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information,
demographic information or
Inferences
.
Consent
Measuring advertising performance (
TCF Purpose
7)
Quantcast will measure the performance and effectiveness of ads that you see or interact with.
In particular, to measure whether and how ads were delivered to you and how you interacted with them, Quantcast will:
Provide reporting to Clients about ads, including their effectiveness and performance
Provide reporting to Clients about your interactions with ads using data observed during your interaction with the ad
Provide reporting to Clients about the ads displayed on their properties
Measure whether an ad is serving in a suitable editorial environment (brand-safe) context
Determine the percentage of the ad that had the opportunity to be seen and the duration of that opportunity
Combine this information with other information previously collected, including from across websites or mobile apps or streaming media
In the provision of the Solutions to some Clients, Quantcast may correlate information between entries within its own datasets that have the same
Pseudonymous Identifier
or with information obtained from Ad Serving, Ad Verification, or
Data Management Platforms/Data Providers.
We do this to provide aggregated reporting to Clients about the number of visitors to their digital properties.
Quantcast does not apply
Panel
or similarly derived
Audience Insights
data to ad measurement data without a separate legal basis to apply market research to generate
Audience Insights.
Consent or Legitimate Interests, depending on the choice of the Client that is using the
TCF
.
Where we rely on Legitimate Interests, we carry out the
Processing
to help our advertiser Clients meet their objective of ascertaining, measuring, and improving the effectiveness of their ad campaigns.
Measuring content performance (
TCF Purpose
8)
The performance and effectiveness of content that you see or interact with can be measured.
To measure content performance, Quantcast will:
Measure and report to Clients on how content was delivered to and interacted with by you
Provide reporting to Clients, using directly measurable or known information about your interactions with the content
Combine this information with other information previously collected, including from across visits to websites or mobile apps or streaming media
Consent or Legitimate Interests, depending on the choice of the Client that is using the
TCF
.
Where we rely on Legitimate Interests, we carry out the
Processing
to help our Clients meet their objective of executing their digital content strategies more effectively.
Understanding audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources i.e.  applying market research to generate
Audience Insights
(
TCF Purpose
9)
Market research can be used to learn more about the
Audiences
who visit websites, mobile apps, or streaming media, and view ads.
To generate
Audience Insights
, Quantcast will:
Provide aggregate reporting to advertisers or their representatives (such as advertising agencies) about the
Audiences
reached by their ads, through
Panel
-based and similarly derived insights
Provide aggregate reporting to Clients about the
Audiences
that were served or interacted with content and/or ads on their properties by applying
Panel
-based and similarly derived insights
Associate
Offline Data
with you for the purposes of market research to generate
Audience Insights
(if we have declared that we will match and combine
Offline Data
sources)
Combine this information with other information previously collected, including from visits to websites or mobile apps or streaming media
Consent or Legitimate Interests, depending on the choice of the Client that is using the
TCF
.
Where we rely on Legitimate Interests, we carry out the
Processing
to help our Clients meet their objectives of finding new customers and growing their brands through the delivery of relevant ads and/or executing their digital content strategies more effectively.
Developing and improving services (
TCF Purpose
10 )
Your information can be used to improve Quantcast’s existing systems and software and to develop new products.
To develop and improve its products, Quantcast will:
Use information to improve its existing products with new features and to develop new products
Create new models and algorithms through machine learning
For example, Quantcast matches its datasets with
Training Data
, which usually includes
Event Data
,
Bid Request Data
,
Imported Data (Client)
, and/or
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment)
. Quantcast primarily uses
Training Data
to train its algorithms how to infer individuals’
Attributes
and
Interests
in the context of the Solutions.
Consent or Legitimate Interest, depending on the choice of the Client that is using the
TCF
.
Where we rely on Legitimate Interests, we carry out the
Processing
to meet our organisational objective of continuously improving the Solutions for our Clients.
Ensuring security, preventing and detecting fraud, and fixing errors  (
TCF Special Purpose
1)
Your information can be used to monitor for and prevent fraudulent activity and ensure our systems and processes work properly and securely.
To ensure security, prevent fraud, and debug, Quantcast will:
Ensure information is securely transmitted
Detect and prevent malicious, fraudulent, invalid, or illegal activity
Ensure correct and efficient operation of systems and processes, including monitoring and enhancing the performance of systems and processes engaged in permitted purposes
Legitimate Interests
We conduct the
Processing
to meet organisational objectives such as to maintain our IT systems; to ensure the electronic security of our business; and to detect and prevent against malicious, fraudulent, invalid, and illegal activity.
Technically deliver ads or content (
TCF Special Purpose
2)
Your device can receive and send information that allows you to see and interact with ads and content.
To deliver information and respond to technical requests, Quantcast will:
Use your device’s
IP Address
to deliver an ad or content over the internet
Respond to your interactions with an ad or content by sending you to a landing page
Use information about your device type and capabilities for delivering ads or content (e.g., to deliver the right size ad creative or video file in a format supported by your device)
Quantcast may also match
Pseudonymous Identifiers
with third parties in order to deliver ads to
Audiences
.
Legitimate Interests
We carry out the
Processing
to help our advertiser Clients meet their objective to ascertain, measure, and improve the effectiveness of their ad campaigns.
Matching and combining data from other  sources i.e.  offline data (TCF Feature 1)
Offline Data
can be combined with your online activity in support of one or more purposes or special purposes outlined in this table.
The legal basis will depend on the
TCF Purpose
pursued.
Linking different devices (TCF Feature 2)
Different devices can be determined as belonging to you or your household in support of one or more purposes.
Through
Cross-Media Matching/Linking,
Quantcast will:
Deterministically determine that two or more devices belong to you or your household
Probabilistically determine that two or more devices belong to you or your household
The legal basis will depend on the
TCF Purpose
pursued.
Receiving and using automatically sent device characteristics for identification (TCF Feature 3)
Your device will be distinguished from other devices based on information it automatically sends, such as
IP Address
or browser type.
In particular, Quantcast will:
Create an identifier using information collected automatically from your device for specific characteristics (e.g.,
IP Address
or User Agent information)
Use such an identifier to attempt to re-identify your device
The legal basis will depend on the
TCF Purpose
pursued.
Establishing, bringing, or defending against complaints, legal claims (including threatened or anticipated legal claims), and regulatory inquiries
We
Process
, preserve, and share
Personal Information
when we seek legal advice or seek to protect ourselves in the context of litigation and other disputes.
Legitimate Interests
We carry out the
Processing
to meet our objective of protecting ourselves and others, including in connection with investigations, litigation, and regulatory inquiries.
Responding to legal requests
We preserve and share
Personal Information
in response to legal requests from law enforcement and other government officials, to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process, and when we believe in good faith that disclosure of such information is necessary to comply with a judicial proceeding or court order.
Legitimate Interests
We carry out the
Processing
to meet our objective of protecting ourselves and others, including in connection with investigations and regulatory inquiries.
Complying with relevant laws and regulations
We
Process
Personal Information
to comply with our legal obligations under applicable law.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to
Process
Personal Information
we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters: where we are in receipt of a court order to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006 or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required
Consumer matters: to comply with our obligations under consumer law, such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014 (e.g., where the Irish Competition and Consumer Protection Commission requests information)
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations under company legislation and tax law, such as the Companies Act 2014 or where the Irish Revenue requests information
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations under data protection laws, including to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the GDPR and the Data Protection Act 2018
See
quantcast.com/privacy/laws
for the current list of laws which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Quantcast which results in the
Processing
of
Personal Information
. As new laws may be enacted or other obligations may require us to
Process
your
Personal Information
, we will update this list from time to time.
Compliance with a legal obligation.
Conducting research
We use
Personal Information
to conduct research, surveys, product testing, and troubleshooting to help us operate and improve our products and services.
Legitimate Interests
We carry out the
Processing
to meet our organisational objective of delivering and continuously improving the Solutions for our Clients.
Hosting information
We
Process
Personal Information
to manage our business, which includes hosting
Personal Information
in our on-premise data centers and/or cloud computing services.
Legitimate Interests
We carry out the
Processing
to meet our organisational objective of delivering the Solutions to our Clients.
Information sharing
In connection with one or more of the purposes outlined in the “
Information use and legal basis
” section above, we may share your
Personal Information
with the categories of third parties described below.
Category of Recipient
Description and Purpose of Sharing
Categories of
Personal Information
Shared
Quantcast-affiliated companies
We share your
Personal Information
with Quantcast-affiliated companies in order to provide the Solutions.
All or certain categories of
Personal Information
are shared only as necessary or appropriate.
Our vendors (including service providers/data processors)
Visit the
Quantcast Partners
page for a list of our vendors.
We share your
Personal Information
with vendors who act on our behalf and are subject to binding contractual obligations and restrictions on the
Processing
of
Personal Information
we share with them. For example, these companies assist with information hosting, information
Processing
, database management, and administrative tasks.
All or certain categories of
Personal Information
are shared only as necessary or appropriate.
Our partners, such as
Data Management Platforms and Data Providers
and
Advertising Exchanges
Visit the
Quantcast Partners
page for a list of our Partners
We share
Pseudonymous Identifiers
with companies that we partner with to support the operation of the Solutions. Specifically, Quantcast shares
Pseudonymous Identifiers
with 1) data providers via
Data Management Platforms
for the purpose of performing
Cookie Syncing/Matches
with
Imported Data (Client)
and Third Party/Segment Data, and 2) and
Advertising Exchanges
for the purpose of serving ads.
Pseudonymous Identifiers.
Relevant third parties as part of a corporate transaction
In the event of a reorganisation, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets, or stock (including in connection with a bankruptcy or similar proceeding), we may share your
Personal Information
with (or transfer your
Personal Information
to) certain third parties, such as the acquiring entity and its advisors. We may also make certain information available to a potential investor or purchaser (and their advisers) in advance of any such transaction’s completion.
All or certain categories of
Personal Information
are shared only as necessary or appropriate.
Competent governmental and public authorities
We may share your
Personal Information
with governmental and law enforcement authorities, in each case to comply with legal or regulatory obligations or requests.
All or certain categories of
Personal Information
are shared only as necessary or appropriate.
Other third parties
We will share your
Personal Information
with other third parties at your direction or with your consent.
Additionally, we may share your
Personal Information
as necessary or appropriate or where otherwise permitted by law to:
Enforce our agreements
Protect our operations
Protect our rights, privacy, safety, property, and/or those of other persons
Allow us to pursue available remedies or limit damages that we may sustain
All or certain categories of
Personal Information
are shared only as necessary or appropriate.
We also create and share with our Clients insights or reports regarding the makeup of the
Audiences
that visit their digital properties or the performance of their advertising campaigns. These insights and reports may contain aggregated data from which individual users cannot be uniquely identified or data from which Quantcast has removed
Pseudonymous Identifiers
.
Information security
We employ appropriate organisational and technical security safeguards designed to keep
Personal Information
secure when it is transmitted to us and once we receive it. These measures may include encryption and  employment of information storage security technologies to restrict access to our network.  However, please be aware that no method of transmitting information over the internet or storing information is completely secure.
Information retention
We retain your
Personal Information
for as long as necessary for the purposes for which it was collected, as described in the “
Information Collection
” section above and in the tables below, except where we are required to retain the information for a longer period of time. Once
Personal Information
has reached its retention period, as applicable, we may either de-identify it (for CCPA purposes), anonymise it (for GDPR purposes), or permanently delete it.
Category of Personal Information
Maximum retention period for all purposes
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Up to 13 months (NOTE: storing/accessing data on a device is the cookie lifespan - up to 13 months each time the cookie is reset)
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
Up to 30 days
Event Data
Up to 13 months
Bid Request Data
Up to 13 months
Imported Data (Client)
Up to 30 days
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment)
Up to 30 days
Inferences/Inferred Data
Up to 13 months
Training Data
Up to 30 days
Information you provide
Up to 18 months
Processing Purpose /  TCF Purpose
Categories of
Personal Information
used for this purpose
Maximum retention period
Store and/or access information on a device (
TCF Purpose
1)
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Cookie life span is up to 13 months each time it’s reset
Use limited data to select advertising (
TCF Purpose
2)
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
Bid Request Data
Up to 30 days
Create profiles for personalised advertising (
TCF Purpose
3)
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Imprecise/Approximate
Location Information
Event Data
Bid Request Data
Imported Data (Client)
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment)
Inferences/Inferred Data
Training Data
Up to 30 days
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (
TCF Purpose
4)
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
Bid Request Data
Imported Data (Client)
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment)
Inferences/Inferred Data
Up to 13 months
Measure advertising performance (
TCF Purpose
7)
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Imprecise/Approximate
Location Information
Event Data
Bid Request Data
Inferences/Inferred Data
Up to 13 months
Measure content performance (
TCF Purpose
8)
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Imprecise/Approximate
Location Information
Event Data
Inferences/Inferred Data
Training Data
Up to 13 months
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources (
TCF Purpose
9)
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Imprecise/Approximate
Location Information
Event Data
Bid Request Data
Imported Data (Client)
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment)
Inferences/Inferred Data
Training Data
Up to 13 months
Develop and improve services  (
TCF Purpose
10 )
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Imprecise/Approximate
Location Information
Event Data
Bid Request Data
Imported Data (Client)
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment)
Inferences/Inferred Data
Training Data
Up to 13 months
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors (
TCF Special Purpose
1)
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Imprecise/Approximate
Location Information
Event Data
Bid Request Data
Imported Data (Client)
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment)
Inferences/Inferred Data
Training Data
Up to 13 months
Deliver and present advertising and content (
TCF Special Purpose
2)
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Event Data
Bid Request Data
Up to 30 days
Match and combine data from other data sources (TCF Feature 1)
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
The retention period will depend on the
TCF Purpose
pursued.
Link different devices (TCF Feature 2)
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
Bid Request Data
The retention period will depend on the
TCF Purpose
pursued.
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically (TCF Feature 3)
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
Bid Request Data
The retention period will depend on the
TCF Purpose
pursued.
Establishing, bringing, or defending against complaints, legal claims (including threatened or anticipated legal claims), and regulatory inquiries
Categories of
Personal Information
and associated retention periods are determined by the underlying purpose for which the
Personal Information
is Processed.
Responding to legal requests
Complying with relevant laws and regulations
Conducting research
Hosting information
Technically, all
Personal Information
is
Processed
in the course of being hosted on a server or in cloud computing service. Retention periods for each category of
Personal Information
Processed
are disclosed above.
International transfers
Quantcast operates a global service, and we engage vendors located around the world to help us deliver the Solutions. Accordingly, your
Personal Information
may be transferred outside of the country or region in which you reside, including to the United States and other countries where either our data centers, vendors, affiliates, or Partners are located. Where we transfer your
Personal Information
internationally, we do so in accordance with applicable law.
If you are based in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland, please note that we may need to transfer your
Personal Information
to countries that have not been recognised by the
European Commision
and/or the
UK government
as providing an adequate level of protection for
Personal Information
. We generally use EU Standard Contractual Clauses (to facilitate both controller-to-controller and controller-to-processor transfers) or other government-approved contracts that provide appropriate safeguards for
Personal Information
that is transferred to countries that have not been recognised as providing an adequate level of protection.  You can contact us at privacy@quantcast.com to request a copy of our Standard Contractual Clauses.
In certain limited circumstances, we rely on other lawful mechanisms for international transfers of
Personal Information
or rely on derogations, such as the contractual necessity derogation.
Your choices and legal rights
Under applicable law, you may have certain rights in relation to your
Personal Information
. Additional details about the rights that you may have and how to exercise such rights can be found below.
Right of access: The right to request access to your
Personal Information
and receive certain information, including the categories of your
Personal Information
we collect and disclose.  To exercise this right, see our
Data Subjcet Request Form
request form
here
.
Right of rectification/correction: The right to request that we rectify (or correct) inaccurate
Personal Information
about you. In practice, if you seek to exercise your right of rectification/correction, due to the limited
Personal Information
we
Process
, we satisfy this right by providing you with the option to request deletion of your
Personal Information
. To request the deletion of your
Personal Information
, see our
Data Subject Request Form
request form
here
.
Right of erasure/deletion: The right, in certain cases, to request that we delete your
Personal Information
, provided there are valid grounds for doing so and subject to applicable law and exceptions. To exercise this right, see our
Data Subject Request Form
request form
here
.
Right to data portability: The right, in certain cases, to receive a copy of your
Personal Information
in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and transmit such information to another controller. To exercise this right, see our
Data Subject Request Form
request form
here
.
Right to object (marketing): The right to object to the
Processing
of your
Personal Information
for direct marketing purposes. In practice, we satisfy this right by providing you with the option to opt out of our
Processing
of your
Personal Information
for advertising purposes. To exercise this right, see our
Privacy Choices (opt-out) Page
opt-out page
here
.  Additionally, as noted in the “
Self Regulatory Standards
” section above, we are a member of the NAI and a DAA and EDAA participating company. Each of these self-regulatory bodies offers a tool that allows individuals to opt out of receiving targeted advertising from Quantcast and other participating companies. These links will take you to the
NAI opt-out
page and the
DAA opt-out
page. If you are located in Europe, you may prefer to visit the
EDAA opt-out
page.
Right to object (legitimate interests): The right to object to the
Processing
of your
Personal Information
where we
Process
it on the basis of our legitimate interests, as described in the “
Information Use and Legal Bases
” section above.  Unless we have compelling legitimate grounds or the information is needed for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, we will cease
Processing
your
Personal Information
when you object.  To exercise this right, see our
Privacy Choices (opt-out) Page
opt-out page
here
.
Right to restrict
Processing
: The right, in certain cases, to temporarily restrict our
Processing
of your
Personal Information
, provided there are valid grounds for doing so. In practice, if you seek to exercise your right to restrict the
Processing
of your
Personal Information
, we will treat it as an exercise of the right on an ongoing, rather than temporary, basis (i.e., the request will be treated as you exercising the right to object to the
Processing
of your
Personal Information
). To exercise this right, see our
Privacy Choices (opt-out) Page
opt-out page
here
.
Right to withdraw your consent: The right to withdraw the consent you have provided at any time, where we
Process
your
Personal Information
on the basis of your consent. Please note that the lawfulness of any
Processing
undertaken prior to your withdrawal of consent shall not be affected by the withdrawal. To exercise this right, see our
Privacy Choices (opt-out) Page
opt-out page
here
.
Right to lodge a complaint: The right to complain to the relevant authority regarding the
Processing
of your
Personal Information
by us or on our behalf.  In the EU, the lead supervisory authority is the
Irish Data Protection Commissioner.
See the section “
Contact Us
” below.
Please note that the rights listed above may not be exercised in certain circumstances, such as when the
Processing
of your
Personal Information
is necessary to comply with a legal obligation to which we are subject or for the exercise or defense of legal claims. Additionally, in order to protect your privacy, we may require proof of your identity before we can act on your request but only where it is necessary and proportionate to request this information.
If you are based in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland and have issues or questions about the above-listed rights, you may contact our European Data Protection Officer via
dpo@quantcast.com
.
If you are based in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland, under applicable law, you also generally have the right not to be subject to a decision when it is based on automated
Processing
(i.e., an operation that is performed without any human intervention), if it produces a legal effect (i.e., impacts your legal rights) or significantly affects you in a similar way (e.g., significantly affects your financial circumstances or ability to access essential goods or services). Please note, however, that Quantcast does not make decisions based solely on automated
Processing
that produce a legal effect or similarly significantly affect individuals.
Additional information for EEA, UK, and Switzerland residents
If you are located in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland, please note that the Solutions are provided by our European entity, Quantcast International Limited. In
Processing
Personal Information
in the context of providing the Solutions to our Clients, Quantcast Internal Limited generally acts as a data controller. More specifically, Quantcast International Limited is a joint controller along with its Client when we jointly determine the purposes for which your
Personal Information
will be
Processed
. For example, we are joint controllers with Advertisers and Publishers for
Personal Information
that is collected as Quantcast
Cookies
, or using
Pixels, Tags and SDKs
deployed by our Clients on their digital properties, and for the
Processing
of other
Personal Information
introduced into the Solutions directly by the Client. This is because both Quantcast and the Client have influence over whether and how we collect and
Process
the
Personal Information
.  In limited situations, Quantcast is the sole data controller of
Personal Information
when we are
Processing
it for our own independent purposes, for instance when we use a Quantcast
Pseudonymous Identifier
or we derive aggregated analytics for modeling, developing our algorithms, or improving the Solutions.
Your choices and legal rights
Under applicable law, you may have certain rights in relation to your
Personal Information
. Additional details about the rights that you may have and how to exercise such rights can be found in the
Your choices and legal rights
section above.  .
If you are based in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland and have issues or questions about the above-listed rights, you may contact our European Data Protection Officer via
dpo@quantcast.com
.
If you are based in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland, under applicable law, you also generally have the right not to be subject to a decision when it is based on automated
Processing
(i.e., an operation that is performed without any human intervention), if it produces a legal effect (i.e., impacts your legal rights) or significantly affects you in a similar way (e.g., significantly affects your financial circumstances or ability to access essential goods or services). Please note, however, that Quantcast does not make decisions based solely on automated
Processing
that produce a legal effect or similarly significantly affect individuals.
Additional information for California residents
The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) provides California residents with certain rights. Pursuant to the CCPA, we are providing the following additional details regarding the categories of
Personal Information
about California residents that we collect, use, and disclose.
Categories of personal information collected: We have collected the following categories of
Personal Information
from California residents within the last twelve (12) months:
Identifiers, such as
IP Address
and other similar
Pseudonymous Identifiers.
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including browsing history and information regarding individuals’ interactions with websites or mobile apps or streaming media.
Geolocation data, such as
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
derived from device
IP Addresses.
Inferences
, which refers to inferences drawn from any of the information in these categories of
Personal Information
to predict the individual’s characteristics.
Categories of sources of personal information: As described in the “
Information collection
” section above, we collect the above-listed categories of
Personal Information
directly from individuals; through automated means (e.g.
Pixels, Tags and SDKs
,
Cookies
or
Bid Requests
); and from third parties (e.g., our Clients).
Disclosures of personal information: As described in the “
Information sharing
” section above, in the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed
Personal Information
about California residents in all of the above-listed categories of
Personal Information
to our affiliates and vendors. Additionally, in the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed
Identifiers
to our partners.
Sale of personal information: Quantcast does not “sell” (as defined in the CCPA)
Personal Information
and has not “sold”
Personal Information
in the preceding twelve (12) months in relation to operating the Solutions.
Individual rights and requests: If you are a California resident, you have the right to request that we:
Disclose to you the following information covering the 12 months preceding your request:
the categories of
Personal Information
we have collected about you and the categories of sources from which we collected such information;
the specific pieces of
Personal Information
we have collected about you;
the business or commercial purpose for collecting
Personal Information
about you;
the categories of third parties with whom we shared or to whom we disclosed such
Personal Information
; and
if we sold or disclosed your
Personal Information
for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
sales, identifying the
Personal Information
categories that each category of recipient received; and
disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the
Personal Information
categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Delete the
Personal Information
we have collected from you.
If you are interested in exercising one or more of the rights outlined above, please click the relevant link in the
“Your choices and legal rights”
section above. You may also submit requests by contacting us via email at privacy [at] quantcast [dot] com. We will attempt to verify your identity and respond to your request consistent with the CCPA.
If you authorise a natural person or business entity to submit a request on your behalf (an “Authorised Agent”), the Authorised Agent may use the submission methods noted above. As part of our verification process, we will require proof concerning their status as an Authorised Agent, which may include proof of their registration with the California Secretary of State to conduct business in California and/or proof that they have power of attorney in accordance with California probate law. We may also require you to verify your identity directly with us or directly confirm with us that you provided the agent with permission to submit the request.
Information about annual data requests is available in the
CCPA Annual Report
..
We will not discriminate against you if you decide to exercise your rights under the CCPA.
Global Privacy Control (“ GPC ”) is a preference that you can set in certain web browsers to inform the websites you visit that you do not want information about your online activity collected over time and across third-party websites or online services. We honor GPC for all data subjects in the United States. Please visit the
Quantcast Privacy Choices
page for more information about GPC.
Contact us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our information handling practices, please feel free to contact us.
Individuals located in the United States, please contact us at:
Quantcast Corp.
795 Folsom Street
San Francisco, CA 94107
Email: privacy [at] quantcast [dot] com
Individuals located outside of the United States, please contact us at:
Quantcast International Limited
Beaux Lane House
Lower Mercer Street
Dublin 2, Ireland
Email: privacy.qil [at] quantcast [dot] com
The Data Protection Officer (DPO) for Quantcast International Limited can be contacted at
dpo@quantcast.com
.
If you have contacted us or our DPO about a privacy or information use concern and feel that we have not addressed it satisfactorily, you may contact our US-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
If you are a resident of the EEA, UK, or Switzerland, you also have the right to lodge a complaint against us with our lead supervisory authority, the
Irish Data Protection Commission
, or the
supervisory authority
in your country of residence.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes in our practices with respect to the collection, use, and/or disclosure of
Personal Information
or changes in applicable law. The “Last Updated” date at the top of this page indicates when this Privacy Policy was last updated.  Any changes will become effective when we post a revised version of this Privacy Policy unless otherwise specified.
Some of our changes will be minor, but if we make significant changes to how we use or share your
Personal Information
, we will:
inform you in advance by posting a notice on our website
wait for a period of time before implementing the changes
We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to remain informed about our information handling and privacy practices.
Effective February 13th 2024
to
February 13th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Products and Services Privacy Policy
This Policy takes effect on March 1 2024. See Policy effective September 11 2023 until that date.
Products and Services Privacy Policy
Who we are and what we do
Scope of this Privacy Policy
Self-regulatory standards
Information collection
Information use and legal basis
Information sharing
Information security
Information retention
International transfers
Your choices and legal rights
Additional information for EEA, UK, and Switzerland residents
Additional information for California residents
Contact us
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Capitalised terms used in this Products and Services Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”) are defined in
Key Terms
unless otherwise defined herein.
To exercise your Data Subject Rights (described in the
Your choices and legal rights
below), please visit the
Quantcast Privacy Choices
page.
Who we are and what we do
Quantcast (“we”, “our”, or “us”) is a global digital advertising technology group of companies. Quantcast offers products and services that help digital advertisers and publishers (collectively, “Clients”) understand and grow their audiences (the “Solutions”). Through Quantcast Advertise Solutions, advertiser Clients can plan, activate, and measure the performance of their advertising campaigns seamlessly in a single audience platform, which helps them to place their ads to maximise results. Through Quantcast Measure Solutions, digital publisher Clients leverage insights to better understand the makeup of their audiences, how audiences spend their time across their digital properties, and what audiences care about, all of which help these  digital businesses better connect their content and
Audiences
with the right advertising.
To provide the Solutions, Quantcast collects and uses
Personal Information
for various purposes, such as measuring and understanding audiences, targeting and delivering ads, measuring ad performance, and similar related purposes.  As described in the “
Information Collection
” section below, we may join or match
Personal Information
about you, which may include your
Online Data
from your visits across different digital properties, like websites,mobile apps, or streaming media devices (such as connected TVs (“CTVs”)), that have implemented Quantcast
Pixels, Tags or SDKs
(which is sometimes called “tracking” in the industry) or
Offline Data
. This allows us, for example, to enrich our existing data sets and provide meaningful reports for our Clients regarding the effectiveness of their ads or content. We may also combine
Personal Information
that we collect in order to probabilistically link media consumption to a single user, which is sometimes called
Cross-Media Matching/Linking
. To the extent that we combine
Personal Information
that we collect from and about you in connection with our performance of the Solutions, we will use such combined information only as described in this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy describes in more detail how we collect, use, disclose, and protect
Personal Information
, otherwise obtain and
Process
it in connection with the delivery of the Solutions, and the controls we provide you to manage such information and exercise your choices and legal rights.  As noted in the “
Information use and legal basis
” section below, we use the
Transparency and Consent Framework
(“
TCF
”) standard to facilitate compliance with applicable laws in Europe, primarily in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”). Because the
TCF
is one means of explaining
Processing
activities, and because our
Processing
activities are consistent globally, the
TCF Purposes
are applicable to all
Personal Information
that we
Process
(regardless of the information’s country of origin).
In the United States, the Solutions are provided by Quantcast Corporation, located at 795 Folsom Street, San Francisco, CA 94107.
Personal Information
relating to individuals located within the United States provided to or gathered by us in connection with the delivery of the Solutions is controlled by Quantcast Corporation.
Outside of the United States, the Solutions are provided by Quantcast International Limited, located at Beaux Lane House, Lower Mercer Street, Dublin 2, Ireland.  In so far as Quantcast acts as a “controller” (as defined under applicable law), Quantcast International  Limited is the controller of your
Personal Information
if you reside in the European Economic Area (EEA), United Kingdom (UK), Switzerland, or any other jurisdiction outside of the United States.
Scope of this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy covers Quantcast’s use of
Personal Information
for the Solutions only.  This Privacy Policy does not cover:
Personal Information
collected from our website, www.quantcast.com, except to the extent that we use our own Solutions on our website. It also does not pertain to the collection and use of
Personal Information
in connection with our corporate functions, such as marketing, recruiting, people management, business-to-business communications, and so forth. For our privacy policy relating to our website and our corporate functions, please click
here
.
Any third parties’ handling of
Personal Information,
unless explicitly stated otherwise. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any other companies that you engage or interact with to understand their information handling and privacy practices.
We use some phrases in this Privacy Policy that are unique to our business and/or the digital advertising industry. For a list of defined terms that you should familiarise yourself with to make it easier to review this Privacy Policy, please review the
Key Terms
.
California Notice at Collection: We collect the categories of
Personal Information
listed in the “
Categories of personal information collected
” subsection of the “
California privacy rights
” section below. As further described in the
“Information use and legal basis”
section below, we collect this information in order to deliver the Solutions and conduct our business. To learn more, please see the “
California privacy rights
” section.
Self-regulatory standards
Quantcast supports and participates in several digital advertising self-regulatory organisations, as further described below.
We are members in good standing of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) and adhere to the
NAI 2020 Code of Conduct
.
We participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) and adhere to the
DAA Self-Regulatory Principles
.
We participate in the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) and are certified under the
EDAA Principles
.
We participate in, and comply with, the policies and technical specifications of the
TCF
, as a vendor. Quantcast’s IAB Europe-assigned identification number ia Vendor ID #11.
Please see the “
Your choices and legal rights
” section of this Privacy Policy for more information about the opt-out tools offered by the NAI, DAA, and EDAA.
Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a preference that you can set in certain web browsers to inform the websites you visit that you do not want information about your online activity collected over time and across third-party websites or online services. We do not honor DNT or other similar signals at this time, due to the lack of a clear industry standard. Please visit the
Quantcast Privacy Choices
page for your opt-out options.
Global Privacy Control (“GPC”) is a preference that you can set in certain web browsers to inform the websites you visit that you do not want information about your online activity collected over time and across third-party websites or online services. We honor GPC for all data subjects in the United States. Please visit the
Quantcast Privacy Choices
page for more information about GPC.
Information collection
We collect or receive
Personal Information
about or relating to you in various ways, including from digital properties, like websites, mobile apps, or streaming media devices (such as connected TVs (“CTVs”), and other sources of digital content. Details about the categories of
Personal Information
we collect and receive, the source or manner in which we obtain each category of
Personal Information,
the purpose(s) for which we
Process
each category of
Personal Information
, and the retention period for each category of
Personal Information
we
Process
can be found in the table below. As described in the “
Who we are and what we do
” section, where applicable the
Processing
purposes identified in the table below are tied to the
TCF Purposes
outlined in the “
Information use and legal bases
” section.
Category and Description of
Personal Information
Source of
Personal Information
Purpose for
Processing
(including where relevant the
TCF Purpose
) and Retention Period
Pseudonymous Identifiers:
unique values that distinguish your browser profile(s) or device(s).
Examples include a
Cookie ID
, device
IP Address
, hashed email addresses, 3rd party identifiers, or other
Device Identifiers
or
Device Configuration/ Information.
Usually  generated when
Pixels, Tags, or SDKs
are loaded by a Client on its digital property (i.e., website, mobile app, or device) and sends information to us. Different kinds of
Pixels, Tags, or SDKs
are used for different purposes, but the types of information generated are the same.
Such information may also be received through a server- to- server connection, such as when receiving a
Bid Request
.
.
Pseudonymous Identifiers will be retained for up to 13 months for the following Purposes (NOTE: storing/accessing data on a device is the cookie lifespan - up to 13 months each time the cookie is reset):
TCF Purpose 1: Store and/or access information on a device
TCF Purpose 2: Use limited data to select advertising
TCF Purpose 3: Create profiles for personalised advertising
TCF Purpose 4: Use profiles to select personalised advertising
TCF Purpose 7: Measure advertising performance
TCF Purpose 8: Measure content performance
TCF Purpose 9: Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
TCF Purpose 10: Develop and improve services
TCF Special Purpose 1: Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
TCF SpecialPurpose 2: Deliver and present advertising and content
TCF Feature 1: Match and combine data from other data sources
TCF Feature 2: Link different devices
TCF Feature 3: Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Recording consent choices made by users
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information:
The time zone and approximate geolocation (e.g., postal code or city) of your device.
Inferred or derived by Quantcast from your device’s
IP Address
or included in
Bid Requests
.
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information will be retained for up to 30 days for the following Purposes:
TCF Purpose 2: Use limited data to select advertising
TCF Purpose 3: Create profiles for advertising
TCF Purpose 4: Use profiles to select personalised advertising
TCF Purpose 7: Measure advertising performance
TCF Purpose 8: Measure content performance
TCF Purpose 9: Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
TCF Purpose 10: Develop and improve products
TCF Special Purpose 1: Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
TCF Feature 1: Match and combine data from other data sources
TCF Feature 2: Link different devices
TCF Feature 3: Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Event Data
: Information relating to your
Online Data,
which may include
Pseudonymous Identifiers,
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
,
HTTP Request Header Information
,
Device Information
, and
Browsing Data.
Generated when
Pixels, Tags or SDKs
, installed by a Client on its digital property, loads and sends information to us.
Different kinds of
Pixels, Tags or SDKs
are used for different purposes, but the types of information generated are the same.
Event Data  will be retained for up to 13 months for the following Purposes:
TCF Purpose 3: Create profiles for advertising
TCF Purpose 7: Measure advertising performance
TCF Purpose 8: Measure content performance
TCF Purpose 9: Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
TCF Purpose 10: Develop and improve products
TCF Special Purpose 1: Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
TCF SpecialPurpose 2: Deliver and present advertising and content
TCF Feature 2: Link different devices
TCF Feature 3: Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Bid Request Data
: A bid request is an offer from a digital publisher, like a website, mobile app, or streaming media owner, to show an ad on their property.
Bid Request Data
includes information about your visit to the publisher’s digital property, which helps us understand where an ad will be displayed,
Device Information
, and who might see it.
Bid Request Data
also commonly includes a
Pseudonymous Identifier
(if available), the content that the ad would serve into, the type of device the ad would be served on, the
Imprecise / Approximate Location Information
of the device, the size of the ad, and consent information. Because
Bid Requests
include information about the content you are visiting, over time, accumulated
Bid Requests
may show your browsing behavior.
Received from a digital publisher.
Bid RequestData  will be retained for up to 13 months for the following Purposes:
TCF Purpose 2: Use limited data to select advertising
TCF Purpose 3: Create profiles for advertising
TCF Purpose 7: Measure advertising performance
TCF Purpose 9: Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
TCF Purpose 10: Develop and improve products
TCF Special Purpose 1: Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
TCF SpecialPurpose 2: Deliver and present advertising and content
TCF Feature 2: Link different devices
TCF Feature 3: Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Imported Data (Client):
Pseudonymised Information
, which may include
Online Data
, and/or
Offline Data
that may be apportioned by
Browsing Data,
Attributes
,
Segments
,
Label Data
and
Interests
.
Uploaded to the Quantcast platform or provided to us via an Application Programming Interface (“API”) by a particular Client for use on its behalf.
Imported Data (client) will be retained for up to 30 days for the following Purposes:
TCF Purpose 3: Create profiles for advertising
TCF Purpose 9: Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
TCF Purpose 10: Develop and improve products
TCF Special Purpose 1: Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud,
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment):
Pseudonymised Information,
which may include
Online Data,
and/or
Offline Data
that may be apportioned by
Browsing Data
,
Attributes
,
Segments
,
Label Data
and
Interests
.
Uploaded to the Quantcast platform or provided to us via an API by third-party
Data Management Platforms or Data Providers
.
Imported  Data (Third Party/Segment) will be retained for up to 30 days for the following Purposes:
TCF Purpose 3: Create profiles for advertising
TCF Purpose 4: Use profiles to select personalised advertising
TCF Purpose 9: Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
TCF Purpose 10: Develop and improve products
TCF Special Purpose 1: Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Inferences/Inferred Data
: Information drawn from the above-listed categories of information (i.e.,
Event Data,
Bid Request Data
,
Imported Data (Client),
and
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment)
).
We may, for example, use information that we have collected to infer your interests, age, gender, marital status, or income range. These
Inferences
may include
Interests
and
Attributes
.
Derived by Quantcast from previously collected
Event Data,
Bid Request Data
,
Imported Data (Client),
and/or
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment).
Inferences/Inferred Data will be retained for up to 13 months for the following Purposes:
TCF Purpose 3: Create profiles for advertising
TCF Purpose 4: Use profiles to select personalised advertising
TCF Purpose 7: Measure advertising performance
TCF Purpose 8: Measure content performance
TCF Purpose 9: Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
TCF Purpose 10: Develop and improve products
TCF Special Purpose 1: Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Training Data:
Pseudonymous Information
used to improve Quantcast’s algorithms and measure how well they are working.
Received from third-party data providers and matched to
Pseudonymous Identifiers.
Training Data  will be retained for up to 30 days for the following Purposes:
TCF Purpose 3: Create profiles for advertising
TCF Purpose 8: Measure content performance
TCF Purpose 9: Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
TCF Purpose 10: Develop and improve products
TCF Special Purpose 1: Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Information you provide: This may include your contact details, (e.g., name, email address, or phone number) and any commentary or other information you provide when you contact Quantcast.
Provided by you when you contact Quantcast.
Carrying out our legitimate business purposes.
Retention Period: up to 18 months
Additionally, any of the categories of
Personal Information
described above may be
Processed
for the following purposes.
Establishing, bringing, or defending against complaints, legal claims (including threatened or anticipated legal claims), and regulatory inquiries
Categories of
Personal Information
and associated retention periods are determined by the underlying purpose for which the
Personal Information
is Processed.
Responding to legal requests
Complying with relevant laws and regulations
Conducting research
Hosting of
Personal Information
for above-listed purposes
Technically, all
Personal Information
is
Processed
in the course of being hosted on a server or in cloud computing service. Retention periods for each category of
Personal Information
Processed
are disclosed above.
Sensitive information: We generally do not seek or permit sensitive
Personal Information
(e.g., information revealing an individual’s racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership; genetic or biometric data that is
Processed
for the purpose of uniquely identifying an individual; information concerning an individual’s health, sex life, or sexual orientation; and information relating to criminal convictions and offenses) to be used in the Solutions. However, as allowed by applicable laws and rules, we may collect and
Process
non-sensitive health-related information (outside of the EEA, UK, and Switzerland) in connection with the delivery of the Solutions. We provide a list of standard health segments and a representative sample of custom health segments that we use for targeted advertising
here
. Please note that where we
Process
any of your sensitive
Personal Information
, we seek and obtain your consent and/or otherwise
Process
such information in accordance with applicable laws and rules.
Children’s information: We do not seek or permit
Personal Information
from children under the age of 16. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with
Personal Information
, that parent or guardian should contact us at privacy [at] quantcast [dot] com. If we become aware that a child has provided us with
Personal Information
, we will take all reasonable steps to delete such information from our files.
Contractual commitments from our Clients and third-party Data Providers: We contractually require other companies that provide or make available to us
Personal Information
to take steps to ensure that we can lawfully
Process
such information, which include: (i) posting complete and accurate privacy policies that comply with applicable laws and rules and describe their
Personal Information
collection, use, and sharing practices; (ii) obtaining all legally-required consents and necessary permissions; and (iii) providing individuals with appropriate choices and the ability to opt out of the
Processing
of their
Personal Information
, where necessary or appropriate.
Information use and legal basis
As described in the “
Who we are and what we do
” section, we generally use the
TCF
as the mechanism for describing our
Processing
activities, and in Europe specifically for establishing our legal basis for
Processing
and managing users’ preferences for online personalised advertising and related activities. The
TCF
is designed to allow a digital business to present information and choices to users on its website relating to the
Processing
of their
Personal Information
.
We
Process
Personal Information
for the purposes for which it was collected or provided to us. The table below describes the specific purposes for which we
Process
the
Personal Information
we collect or otherwise obtain about you. This table includes:
the purposes for which Quantcast
Processes
Personal Information
,which are tied to the defined purposes for
Processing
, special purposes, and features set forth in the
TCF Policies
and official technical documentation disseminated by IAB Europe where applicable(see Appendix A of the
TCF Policies
for examples and illustrations of the purposes, special purposes and features,
a description of each
Processing
activity using
TCF
-specific terminology (to the extent applicable), and
the legal basis that we rely on to perform each of our
Processing
activities.
Please note that in Europe, where we indicate that “Legitimate Interests” in accordance with the GDPR is the legal basis for
Processing
, we carry out the
Processing
in reliance on our legitimate interests or those of a third party (e.g., our Clients), provided that such interests are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
Processing Purpose /  TCF Purpose
(where
TCF
is applicable)
Description of
Processing
Activity (using
TCF Purpose
terms)
Legal Basis
for
Processing
Storing and/or accessing information on a device (
TCF Purpose
1)
Cookies
,
Device Identifiers
, or other information more fully described in association with the purposes below can be stored or accessed on your device for the purposes presented to you.
Consent
Use limited data to select advertising (
TCF Purpose
2)
Ads can be shown to you based on the content you’re viewing, the app you’re using, your device’s
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information,
or your device type.
When selecting “Use limited data to select advertising”, Quantcast will:
Use real-time information about the context in which the ad will be shown, including information about the content and your device, such as: device type and capabilities,
User Agent
,
URL
, and
IP Address
Use your device’s
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
Control the frequency of ads shown to you
Sequence the order in which ads are shown to you
Prevent an ad from serving in an unsuitable editorial (brand-unsafe) context
Consent or Legitimate Interests, depending on the choice of the Client that is using the
TCF
.
Where we rely on Legitimate Interests, we carry out the
Processing
to help our advertiser Clients meet their objectives of finding new customers and growing their brands through the delivery of relevant ads.
Creating profiles for personalised ads (
TCF Purpose
3)
A profile can be built about you and your
Interests
to show you personalised ads that are relevant to you.
To create or edit a profile for use in personalised advertising, Quantcast will:
Collect information about you, including your activity, visits to websites or mobile apps or streaming media, or
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
Aggregate
Attributes
and
Interests
and
Panel
-based demographic information,
Combine information with other information previously collected, including from across websites or mobile apps or streaming media
Consent
Using profiles to select  personalised ads (
TCF Purpose
4)
When serving personalised ads, Quantcast will select personalised ads based on
Personal Information
collected from or about you, such as your prior activity,
Interests
, visits to websites or mobile apps or streaming media,
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information,
demographic information or
Inferences
.
Consent
Measuring advertising performance (
TCF Purpose
7)
Quantcast will measure the performance and effectiveness of ads that you see or interact with.
In particular, to measure whether and how ads were delivered to you and how you interacted with them, Quantcast will:
Provide reporting to Clients about ads, including their effectiveness and performance
Provide reporting to Clients about your interactions with ads using data observed during your interaction with the ad
Provide reporting to Clients about the ads displayed on their properties
Measure whether an ad is serving in a suitable editorial environment (brand-safe) context
Determine the percentage of the ad that had the opportunity to be seen and the duration of that opportunity
Combine this information with other information previously collected, including from across websites or mobile apps or streaming media
In the provision of the Solutions to some Clients, Quantcast may correlate information between entries within its own datasets that have the same
Pseudonymous Identifier
or with information obtained from Ad Serving, Ad Verification, or
Data Management Platforms/Data Providers.
We do this to provide aggregated reporting to Clients about the number of visitors to their digital properties.
Quantcast does not apply
Panel
or similarly derived
Audience Insights
data to ad measurement data without a separate legal basis to apply market research to generate
Audience Insights.
Consent or Legitimate Interests, depending on the choice of the Client that is using the
TCF
.
Where we rely on Legitimate Interests, we carry out the
Processing
to help our advertiser Clients meet their objective of ascertaining, measuring, and improving the effectiveness of their ad campaigns.
Measuring content performance (
TCF Purpose
8)
The performance and effectiveness of content that you see or interact with can be measured.
To measure content performance, Quantcast will:
Measure and report to Clients on how content was delivered to and interacted with by you
Provide reporting to Clients, using directly measurable or known information about your interactions with the content
Combine this information with other information previously collected, including from across visits to websites or mobile apps or streaming media
Consent or Legitimate Interests, depending on the choice of the Client that is using the
TCF
.
Where we rely on Legitimate Interests, we carry out the
Processing
to help our Clients meet their objective of executing their digital content strategies more effectively.
Understanding audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources i.e.  applying market research to generate
Audience Insights
(
TCF Purpose
9)
Market research can be used to learn more about the
Audiences
who visit websites, mobile apps, or streaming media, and view ads.
To generate
Audience Insights
, Quantcast will:
Provide aggregate reporting to advertisers or their representatives (such as advertising agencies) about the
Audiences
reached by their ads, through
Panel
-based and similarly derived insights
Provide aggregate reporting to Clients about the
Audiences
that were served or interacted with content and/or ads on their properties by applying
Panel
-based and similarly derived insights
Associate
Offline Data
with you for the purposes of market research to generate
Audience Insights
(if we have declared that we will match and combine
Offline Data
sources)
Combine this information with other information previously collected, including from visits to websites or mobile apps or streaming media
Consent or Legitimate Interests, depending on the choice of the Client that is using the
TCF
.
Where we rely on Legitimate Interests, we carry out the
Processing
to help our Clients meet their objectives of finding new customers and growing their brands through the delivery of relevant ads and/or executing their digital content strategies more effectively.
Developing and improving services (
TCF Purpose
10 )
Your information can be used to improve Quantcast’s existing systems and software and to develop new products.
To develop and improve its products, Quantcast will:
Use information to improve its existing products with new features and to develop new products
Create new models and algorithms through machine learning
For example, Quantcast matches its datasets with
Training Data
, which usually includes
Event Data
,
Bid Request Data
,
Imported Data (Client)
, and/or
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment)
. Quantcast primarily uses
Training Data
to train its algorithms how to infer individuals’
Attributes
and
Interests
in the context of the Solutions.
Consent or Legitimate Interest, depending on the choice of the Client that is using the
TCF
.
Where we rely on Legitimate Interests, we carry out the
Processing
to meet our organisational objective of continuously improving the Solutions for our Clients.
Ensuring security, preventing and detecting fraud, and fixing errors  (
TCF Special Purpose
1)
Your information can be used to monitor for and prevent fraudulent activity and ensure our systems and processes work properly and securely.
To ensure security, prevent fraud, and debug, Quantcast will:
Ensure information is securely transmitted
Detect and prevent malicious, fraudulent, invalid, or illegal activity
Ensure correct and efficient operation of systems and processes, including monitoring and enhancing the performance of systems and processes engaged in permitted purposes
Legitimate Interests
We conduct the
Processing
to meet organisational objectives such as to maintain our IT systems; to ensure the electronic security of our business; and to detect and prevent against malicious, fraudulent, invalid, and illegal activity.
Technically deliver ads or content (
TCF Special Purpose
2)
Your device can receive and send information that allows you to see and interact with ads and content.
To deliver information and respond to technical requests, Quantcast will:
Use your device’s
IP Address
to deliver an ad or content over the internet
Respond to your interactions with an ad or content by sending you to a landing page
Use information about your device type and capabilities for delivering ads or content (e.g., to deliver the right size ad creative or video file in a format supported by your device)
Quantcast may also match
Pseudonymous Identifiers
with third parties in order to deliver ads to
Audiences
.
Legitimate Interests
We carry out the
Processing
to help our advertiser Clients meet their objective to ascertain, measure, and improve the effectiveness of their ad campaigns.
Matching and combining data from other  sources i.e.  offline data (TCF Feature 1)
Offline Data
can be combined with your online activity in support of one or more purposes or special purposes outlined in this table.
The legal basis will depend on the
TCF Purpose
pursued.
Linking different devices (TCF Feature 2)
Different devices can be determined as belonging to you or your household in support of one or more purposes.
Through
Cross-Media Matching/Linking,
Quantcast will:
Deterministically determine that two or more devices belong to you or your household
Probabilistically determine that two or more devices belong to you or your household
The legal basis will depend on the
TCF Purpose
pursued.
Receiving and using automatically sent device characteristics for identification (TCF Feature 3)
Your device will be distinguished from other devices based on information it automatically sends, such as
IP Address
or browser type.
In particular, Quantcast will:
Create an identifier using information collected automatically from your device for specific characteristics (e.g.,
IP Address
or User Agent information)
Use such an identifier to attempt to re-identify your device
The legal basis will depend on the
TCF Purpose
pursued.
Establishing, bringing, or defending against complaints, legal claims (including threatened or anticipated legal claims), and regulatory inquiries
We
Process
, preserve, and share
Personal Information
when we seek legal advice or seek to protect ourselves in the context of litigation and other disputes.
Legitimate Interests
We carry out the
Processing
to meet our objective of protecting ourselves and others, including in connection with investigations, litigation, and regulatory inquiries.
Responding to legal requests
We preserve and share
Personal Information
in response to legal requests from law enforcement and other government officials, to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process, and when we believe in good faith that disclosure of such information is necessary to comply with a judicial proceeding or court order.
Legitimate Interests
We carry out the
Processing
to meet our objective of protecting ourselves and others, including in connection with investigations and regulatory inquiries.
Complying with relevant laws and regulations
We
Process
Personal Information
to comply with our legal obligations under applicable law.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to
Process
Personal Information
we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters: where we are in receipt of a court order to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006 or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required
Consumer matters: to comply with our obligations under consumer law, such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014 (e.g., where the Irish Competition and Consumer Protection Commission requests information)
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations under company legislation and tax law, such as the Companies Act 2014 or where the Irish Revenue requests information
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations under data protection laws, including to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the GDPR and the Data Protection Act 2018
See
quantcast.com/privacy/laws
for the current list of laws which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Quantcast which results in the
Processing
of
Personal Information
. As new laws may be enacted or other obligations may require us to
Process
your
Personal Information
, we will update this list from time to time.
Compliance with a legal obligation.
Conducting research
We use
Personal Information
to conduct research, surveys, product testing, and troubleshooting to help us operate and improve our products and services.
Legitimate Interests
We carry out the
Processing
to meet our organisational objective of delivering and continuously improving the Solutions for our Clients.
Hosting information
We
Process
Personal Information
to manage our business, which includes hosting
Personal Information
in our on-premise data centers and/or cloud computing services.
Legitimate Interests
We carry out the
Processing
to meet our organisational objective of delivering the Solutions to our Clients.
Information sharing
In connection with one or more of the purposes outlined in the “
Information use and legal basis
” section above, we may share your
Personal Information
with the categories of third parties described below.
Category of Recipient
Description and Purpose of Sharing
Categories of
Personal Information
Shared
Quantcast-affiliated companies
We share your
Personal Information
with Quantcast-affiliated companies in order to provide the Solutions.
All or certain categories of
Personal Information
are shared only as necessary or appropriate.
Our vendors (including service providers/data processors)
Visit the
Quantcast Partners
page for a list of our vendors.
We share your
Personal Information
with vendors who act on our behalf and are subject to binding contractual obligations and restrictions on the
Processing
of
Personal Information
we share with them. For example, these companies assist with information hosting, information
Processing
, database management, and administrative tasks.
All or certain categories of
Personal Information
are shared only as necessary or appropriate.
Our partners, such as
Data Management Platforms and Data Providers
and
Advertising Exchanges
Visit the
Quantcast Partners
page for a list of our Partners
We share
Pseudonymous Identifiers
with companies that we partner with to support the operation of the Solutions. Specifically, Quantcast shares
Pseudonymous Identifiers
with 1) data providers via
Data Management Platforms
for the purpose of performing
Cookie Syncing/Matches
with
Imported Data (Client)
and Third Party/Segment Data, and 2) and
Advertising Exchanges
for the purpose of serving ads.
Pseudonymous Identifiers.
Relevant third parties as part of a corporate transaction
In the event of a reorganisation, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets, or stock (including in connection with a bankruptcy or similar proceeding), we may share your
Personal Information
with (or transfer your
Personal Information
to) certain third parties, such as the acquiring entity and its advisors. We may also make certain information available to a potential investor or purchaser (and their advisers) in advance of any such transaction’s completion.
All or certain categories of
Personal Information
are shared only as necessary or appropriate.
Competent governmental and public authorities
We may share your
Personal Information
with governmental and law enforcement authorities, in each case to comply with legal or regulatory obligations or requests.
All or certain categories of
Personal Information
are shared only as necessary or appropriate.
Other third parties
We will share your
Personal Information
with other third parties at your direction or with your consent.
Additionally, we may share your
Personal Information
as necessary or appropriate or where otherwise permitted by law to:
Enforce our agreements
Protect our operations
Protect our rights, privacy, safety, property, and/or those of other persons
Allow us to pursue available remedies or limit damages that we may sustain
All or certain categories of
Personal Information
are shared only as necessary or appropriate.
We also create and share with our Clients insights or reports regarding the makeup of the
Audiences
that visit their digital properties or the performance of their advertising campaigns. These insights and reports may contain aggregated data from which individual users cannot be uniquely identified or data from which Quantcast has removed
Pseudonymous Identifiers
.
Information security
We employ appropriate organisational and technical security safeguards designed to keep
Personal Information
secure when it is transmitted to us and once we receive it. These measures may include encryption and  employment of information storage security technologies to restrict access to our network.  However, please be aware that no method of transmitting information over the internet or storing information is completely secure.
Information retention
We retain your
Personal Information
for as long as necessary for the purposes for which it was collected, as described in the “
Information Collection
” section above and in the tables below, except where we are required to retain the information for a longer period of time. Once
Personal Information
has reached its retention period, as applicable, we may either de-identify it (for CCPA purposes), anonymise it (for GDPR purposes), or permanently delete it.
Category of Personal Information
Maximum retention period for all purposes
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Up to 13 months (NOTE: storing/accessing data on a device is the cookie lifespan - up to 13 months each time the cookie is reset)
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
Up to 30 days
Event Data
Up to 13 months
Bid Request Data
Up to 13 months
Imported Data (Client)
Up to 30 days
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment)
Up to 30 days
Inferences/Inferred Data
Up to 13 months
Training Data
Up to 30 days
Information you provide
Up to 18 months
Processing Purpose /  TCF Purpose
Categories of
Personal Information
used for this purpose
Maximum retention period
Store and/or access information on a device (
TCF Purpose
1)
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Cookie life span is up to 13 months each time it’s reset
Use limited data to select advertising (
TCF Purpose
2)
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
Bid Request Data
Up to 30 days
Create profiles for personalised advertising (
TCF Purpose
3)
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Imprecise/Approximate
Location Information
Event Data
Bid Request Data
Imported Data (Client)
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment)
Inferences/Inferred Data
Training Data
Up to 30 days
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (
TCF Purpose
4)
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
Bid Request Data
Imported Data (Client)
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment)
Inferences/Inferred Data
Up to 13 months
Measure advertising performance (
TCF Purpose
7)
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Imprecise/Approximate
Location Information
Event Data
Bid Request Data
Inferences/Inferred Data
Up to 13 months
Measure content performance (
TCF Purpose
8)
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Imprecise/Approximate
Location Information
Event Data
Inferences/Inferred Data
Training Data
Up to 13 months
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources (
TCF Purpose
9)
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Imprecise/Approximate
Location Information
Event Data
Bid Request Data
Imported Data (Client)
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment)
Inferences/Inferred Data
Training Data
Up to 13 months
Develop and improve services  (
TCF Purpose
10 )
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Imprecise/Approximate
Location Information
Event Data
Bid Request Data
Imported Data (Client)
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment)
Inferences/Inferred Data
Training Data
Up to 13 months
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors (
TCF Special Purpose
1)
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Imprecise/Approximate
Location Information
Event Data
Bid Request Data
Imported Data (Client)
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment)
Inferences/Inferred Data
Training Data
Up to 13 months
Deliver and present advertising and content (
TCF Special Purpose
2)
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Event Data
Bid Request Data
Up to 30 days
Match and combine data from other data sources (TCF Feature 1)
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
The retention period will depend on the
TCF Purpose
pursued.
Link different devices (TCF Feature 2)
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
Bid Request Data
The retention period will depend on the
TCF Purpose
pursued.
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically (TCF Feature 3)
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
Bid Request Data
The retention period will depend on the
TCF Purpose
pursued.
Establishing, bringing, or defending against complaints, legal claims (including threatened or anticipated legal claims), and regulatory inquiries
Categories of
Personal Information
and associated retention periods are determined by the underlying purpose for which the
Personal Information
is Processed.
Responding to legal requests
Complying with relevant laws and regulations
Conducting research
Hosting information
Technically, all
Personal Information
is
Processed
in the course of being hosted on a server or in cloud computing service. Retention periods for each category of
Personal Information
Processed
are disclosed above.
International transfers
Quantcast operates a global service, and we engage vendors located around the world to help us deliver the Solutions. Accordingly, your
Personal Information
may be transferred outside of the country or region in which you reside, including to the United States and other countries where either our data centers, vendors, affiliates, or Partners are located. Where we transfer your
Personal Information
internationally, we do so in accordance with applicable law.
If you are based in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland, please note that we may need to transfer your
Personal Information
to countries that have not been recognised by the
European Commision
and/or the
UK government
as providing an adequate level of protection for
Personal Information
. We generally use EU Standard Contractual Clauses (to facilitate both controller-to-controller and controller-to-processor transfers) or other government-approved contracts that provide appropriate safeguards for
Personal Information
that is transferred to countries that have not been recognised as providing an adequate level of protection.  You can contact us at privacy@quantcast.com to request a copy of our Standard Contractual Clauses.
In certain limited circumstances, we rely on other lawful mechanisms for international transfers of
Personal Information
or rely on derogations, such as the contractual necessity derogation.
Your choices and legal rights
Under applicable law, you may have certain rights in relation to your
Personal Information
. Additional details about the rights that you may have and how to exercise such rights can be found below.
Right of access: The right to request access to your
Personal Information
and receive certain information, including the categories of your
Personal Information
we collect and disclose.  To exercise this right, see our
Data Subjcet Request Form
request form
here
.
Right of rectification/correction: The right to request that we rectify (or correct) inaccurate
Personal Information
about you. In practice, if you seek to exercise your right of rectification/correction, due to the limited
Personal Information
we
Process
, we satisfy this right by providing you with the option to request deletion of your
Personal Information
. To request the deletion of your
Personal Information
, see our
Data Subject Request Form
request form
here
.
Right of erasure/deletion: The right, in certain cases, to request that we delete your
Personal Information
, provided there are valid grounds for doing so and subject to applicable law and exceptions. To exercise this right, see our
Data Subject Request Form
request form
here
.
Right to data portability: The right, in certain cases, to receive a copy of your
Personal Information
in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and transmit such information to another controller. To exercise this right, see our
Data Subject Request Form
request form
here
.
Right to object (marketing): The right to object to the
Processing
of your
Personal Information
for direct marketing purposes. In practice, we satisfy this right by providing you with the option to opt out of our
Processing
of your
Personal Information
for advertising purposes. To exercise this right, see our
Privacy Choices (opt-out) Page
opt-out page
here
.  Additionally, as noted in the “
Self Regulatory Standards
” section above, we are a member of the NAI and a DAA and EDAA participating company. Each of these self-regulatory bodies offers a tool that allows individuals to opt out of receiving targeted advertising from Quantcast and other participating companies. These links will take you to the
NAI opt-out
page and the
DAA opt-out
page. If you are located in Europe, you may prefer to visit the
EDAA opt-out
page.
Right to object (legitimate interests): The right to object to the
Processing
of your
Personal Information
where we
Process
it on the basis of our legitimate interests, as described in the “
Information Use and Legal Bases
” section above.  Unless we have compelling legitimate grounds or the information is needed for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, we will cease
Processing
your
Personal Information
when you object.  To exercise this right, see our
Privacy Choices (opt-out) Page
opt-out page
here
.
Right to restrict
Processing
: The right, in certain cases, to temporarily restrict our
Processing
of your
Personal Information
, provided there are valid grounds for doing so. In practice, if you seek to exercise your right to restrict the
Processing
of your
Personal Information
, we will treat it as an exercise of the right on an ongoing, rather than temporary, basis (i.e., the request will be treated as you exercising the right to object to the
Processing
of your
Personal Information
). To exercise this right, see our
Privacy Choices (opt-out) Page
opt-out page
here
.
Right to withdraw your consent: The right to withdraw the consent you have provided at any time, where we
Process
your
Personal Information
on the basis of your consent. Please note that the lawfulness of any
Processing
undertaken prior to your withdrawal of consent shall not be affected by the withdrawal. To exercise this right, see our
Privacy Choices (opt-out) Page
opt-out page
here
.
Right to lodge a complaint: The right to complain to the relevant authority regarding the
Processing
of your
Personal Information
by us or on our behalf.  In the EU, the lead supervisory authority is the
Irish Data Protection Commissioner.
See the section “
Contact Us
” below.
Please note that the rights listed above may not be exercised in certain circumstances, such as when the
Processing
of your
Personal Information
is necessary to comply with a legal obligation to which we are subject or for the exercise or defense of legal claims. Additionally, in order to protect your privacy, we may require proof of your identity before we can act on your request but only where it is necessary and proportionate to request this information.
If you are based in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland and have issues or questions about the above-listed rights, you may contact our European Data Protection Officer via
dpo@quantcast.com
.
If you are based in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland, under applicable law, you also generally have the right not to be subject to a decision when it is based on automated
Processing
(i.e., an operation that is performed without any human intervention), if it produces a legal effect (i.e., impacts your legal rights) or significantly affects you in a similar way (e.g., significantly affects your financial circumstances or ability to access essential goods or services). Please note, however, that Quantcast does not make decisions based solely on automated
Processing
that produce a legal effect or similarly significantly affect individuals.
Additional information for EEA, UK, and Switzerland residents
If you are located in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland, please note that the Solutions are provided by our European entity, Quantcast International Limited. In
Processing
Personal Information
in the context of providing the Solutions to our Clients, Quantcast Internal Limited generally acts as a data controller. More specifically, Quantcast International Limited is a joint controller along with its Client when we jointly determine the purposes for which your
Personal Information
will be
Processed
. For example, we are joint controllers with Advertisers and Publishers for
Personal Information
that is collected as Quantcast
Cookies
, or using
Pixels, Tags and SDKs
deployed by our Clients on their digital properties, and for the
Processing
of other
Personal Information
introduced into the Solutions directly by the Client. This is because both Quantcast and the Client have influence over whether and how we collect and
Process
the
Personal Information
.  In limited situations, Quantcast is the sole data controller of
Personal Information
when we are
Processing
it for our own independent purposes, for instance when we use a Quantcast
Pseudonymous Identifier
or we derive aggregated analytics for modeling, developing our algorithms, or improving the Solutions.
Your choices and legal rights
Under applicable law, you may have certain rights in relation to your
Personal Information
. Additional details about the rights that you may have and how to exercise such rights can be found in the
Your choices and legal rights
section above.  .
If you are based in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland and have issues or questions about the above-listed rights, you may contact our European Data Protection Officer via
dpo@quantcast.com
.
If you are based in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland, under applicable law, you also generally have the right not to be subject to a decision when it is based on automated
Processing
(i.e., an operation that is performed without any human intervention), if it produces a legal effect (i.e., impacts your legal rights) or significantly affects you in a similar way (e.g., significantly affects your financial circumstances or ability to access essential goods or services). Please note, however, that Quantcast does not make decisions based solely on automated
Processing
that produce a legal effect or similarly significantly affect individuals.
Additional information for California residents
The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) provides California residents with certain rights. Pursuant to the CCPA, we are providing the following additional details regarding the categories of
Personal Information
about California residents that we collect, use, and disclose.
Categories of personal information collected: We have collected the following categories of
Personal Information
from California residents within the last twelve (12) months:
Identifiers, such as
IP Address
and other similar
Pseudonymous Identifiers.
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including browsing history and information regarding individuals’ interactions with websites or mobile apps or streaming media.
Geolocation data, such as
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
derived from device
IP Addresses.
Inferences
, which refers to inferences drawn from any of the information in these categories of
Personal Information
to predict the individual’s characteristics.
Categories of sources of personal information: As described in the “
Information collection
” section above, we collect the above-listed categories of
Personal Information
directly from individuals; through automated means (e.g.
Pixels, Tags and SDKs
,
Cookies
or
Bid Requests
); and from third parties (e.g., our Clients).
Disclosures of personal information: As described in the “
Information sharing
” section above, in the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed
Personal Information
about California residents in all of the above-listed categories of
Personal Information
to our affiliates and vendors. Additionally, in the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed
Identifiers
to our partners.
Sale of personal information: Quantcast does not “sell” (as defined in the CCPA)
Personal Information
and has not “sold”
Personal Information
in the preceding twelve (12) months in relation to operating the Solutions.
Individual rights and requests: If you are a California resident, you have the right to request that we:
Disclose to you the following information covering the 12 months preceding your request:
the categories of
Personal Information
we have collected about you and the categories of sources from which we collected such information;
the specific pieces of
Personal Information
we have collected about you;
the business or commercial purpose for collecting
Personal Information
about you;
the categories of third parties with whom we shared or to whom we disclosed such
Personal Information
; and
if we sold or disclosed your
Personal Information
for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
sales, identifying the
Personal Information
categories that each category of recipient received; and
disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the
Personal Information
categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Delete the
Personal Information
we have collected from you.
If you are interested in exercising one or more of the rights outlined above, please click the relevant link in the
“Your choices and legal rights”
section above. You may also submit requests by contacting us via email at privacy [at] quantcast [dot] com. We will attempt to verify your identity and respond to your request consistent with the CCPA.
If you authorise a natural person or business entity to submit a request on your behalf (an “Authorised Agent”), the Authorised Agent may use the submission methods noted above. As part of our verification process, we will require proof concerning their status as an Authorised Agent, which may include proof of their registration with the California Secretary of State to conduct business in California and/or proof that they have power of attorney in accordance with California probate law. We may also require you to verify your identity directly with us or directly confirm with us that you provided the agent with permission to submit the request.
Information about annual data requests is available in the
CCPA Annual Report
..
We will not discriminate against you if you decide to exercise your rights under the CCPA.
Global Privacy Control (“ GPC ”) is a preference that you can set in certain web browsers to inform the websites you visit that you do not want information about your online activity collected over time and across third-party websites or online services. We honor GPC for all data subjects in the United States. Please visit the
Quantcast Privacy Choices
page for more information about GPC.
Contact us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our information handling practices, please feel free to contact us.
Individuals located in the United States, please contact us at:
Quantcast Corp.
795 Folsom Street
San Francisco, CA 94107
Email: privacy [at] quantcast [dot] com
Individuals located outside of the United States, please contact us at:
Quantcast International Limited
Beaux Lane House
Lower Mercer Street
Dublin 2, Ireland
Email: privacy.qil [at] quantcast [dot] com
The Data Protection Officer (DPO) for Quantcast International Limited can be contacted at
dpo@quantcast.com
.
If you have contacted us or our DPO about a privacy or information use concern and feel that we have not addressed it satisfactorily, you may contact our US-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
If you are a resident of the EEA, UK, or Switzerland, you also have the right to lodge a complaint against us with our lead supervisory authority, the
Irish Data Protection Commission
, or the
supervisory authority
in your country of residence.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes in our practices with respect to the collection, use, and/or disclosure of
Personal Information
or changes in applicable law. The “Last Updated” date at the top of this page indicates when this Privacy Policy was last updated.  Any changes will become effective when we post a revised version of this Privacy Policy unless otherwise specified.
Some of our changes will be minor, but if we make significant changes to how we use or share your
Personal Information
, we will:
inform you in advance by posting a notice on our website
wait for a period of time before implementing the changes
We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to remain informed about our information handling and privacy practices.
Effective February 12th 2024
to
February 13th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Products and Services Privacy Policy
This Policy takes effect on March 1 2024. See Policy effective September 11 2023 until that date.
Products and Services Privacy Policy
Who we are and what we do
Scope of this Privacy Policy
Self-regulatory standards
Information collection
Information use and legal basis
Information sharing
Information security
Information retention
International transfers
Your choices and legal rights
Additional information for EEA, UK, and Switzerland residents
Additional information for California residents
Contact us
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Capitalised terms used in this Products and Services Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”) are defined in
Key Terms
unless otherwise defined herein.
To exercise your Data Subject Rights (described in the
Your choices and legal rights
below), please visit the
Quantcast Privacy Choices
page.
Who we are and what we do
Quantcast (“we”, “our”, or “us”) is a global digital advertising technology group of companies. Quantcast offers products and services that help digital advertisers and publishers (collectively, “Clients”) understand and grow their audiences (the “Solutions”). Through Quantcast Advertise Solutions, advertiser Clients can plan, activate, and measure the performance of their advertising campaigns seamlessly in a single audience platform, which helps them to place their ads to maximise results. Through Quantcast Measure Solutions, digital publisher Clients leverage insights to better understand the makeup of their audiences, how audiences spend their time across their digital properties, and what audiences care about, all of which help these  digital businesses better connect their content and
Audiences
with the right advertising.
To provide the Solutions, Quantcast collects and uses
Personal Information
for various purposes, such as measuring and understanding audiences, targeting and delivering ads, measuring ad performance, and similar related purposes.  As described in the “
Information Collection
” section below, we may join or match
Personal Information
about you, which may include your
Online Data
from your visits across different digital properties, like websites,mobile apps, or streaming media devices (such as connected TVs (“CTVs”)), that have implemented Quantcast
Pixels, Tags or SDKs
(which is sometimes called “tracking” in the industry) or
Offline Data
. This allows us, for example, to enrich our existing data sets and provide meaningful reports for our Clients regarding the effectiveness of their ads or content. We may also combine
Personal Information
that we collect in order to probabilistically link media consumption to a single user, which is sometimes called
Cross-Media Matching/Linking
. To the extent that we combine
Personal Information
that we collect from and about you in connection with our performance of the Solutions, we will use such combined information only as described in this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy describes in more detail how we collect, use, disclose, and protect
Personal Information
, otherwise obtain and
Process
it in connection with the delivery of the Solutions, and the controls we provide you to manage such information and exercise your choices and legal rights.  As noted in the “
Information use and legal basis
” section below, we use the
Transparency and Consent Framework
(“
TCF
”) standard to facilitate compliance with applicable laws in Europe, primarily in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”). Because the
TCF
is one means of explaining
Processing
activities, and because our
Processing
activities are consistent globally, the
TCF Purposes
are applicable to all
Personal Information
that we
Process
(regardless of the information’s country of origin).
In the United States, the Solutions are provided by Quantcast Corporation, located at 795 Folsom Street, San Francisco, CA 94107.
Personal Information
relating to individuals located within the United States provided to or gathered by us in connection with the delivery of the Solutions is controlled by Quantcast Corporation.
Outside of the United States, the Solutions are provided by Quantcast International Limited, located at Beaux Lane House, Lower Mercer Street, Dublin 2, Ireland.  In so far as Quantcast acts as a “controller” (as defined under applicable law), Quantcast International  Limited is the controller of your
Personal Information
if you reside in the European Economic Area (EEA), United Kingdom (UK), Switzerland, or any other jurisdiction outside of the United States.
Scope of this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy covers Quantcast’s use of
Personal Information
for the Solutions only.  This Privacy Policy does not cover:
Personal Information
collected from our website, www.quantcast.com, except to the extent that we use our own Solutions on our website. It also does not pertain to the collection and use of
Personal Information
in connection with our corporate functions, such as marketing, recruiting, people management, business-to-business communications, and so forth. For our privacy policy relating to our website and our corporate functions, please click
here
.
Any third parties’ handling of
Personal Information,
unless explicitly stated otherwise. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any other companies that you engage or interact with to understand their information handling and privacy practices.
We use some phrases in this Privacy Policy that are unique to our business and/or the digital advertising industry. For a list of defined terms that you should familiarise yourself with to make it easier to review this Privacy Policy, please review the
Key Terms
.
California Notice at Collection: We collect the categories of
Personal Information
listed in the “
Categories of personal information collected
” subsection of the “
California privacy rights
” section below. As further described in the
“Information use and legal basis”
section below, we collect this information in order to deliver the Solutions and conduct our business. To learn more, please see the “
California privacy rights
” section.
Self-regulatory standards
Quantcast supports and participates in several digital advertising self-regulatory organisations, as further described below.
We are members in good standing of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) and adhere to the
NAI 2020 Code of Conduct
.
We participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) and adhere to the
DAA Self-Regulatory Principles
.
We participate in the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) and are certified under the
EDAA Principles
.
We participate in, and comply with, the policies and technical specifications of the
TCF
, as a vendor. Quantcast’s IAB Europe-assigned identification number ia Vendor ID #11.
Please see the “
Your choices and legal rights
” section of this Privacy Policy for more information about the opt-out tools offered by the NAI, DAA, and EDAA.
Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a preference that you can set in certain web browsers to inform the websites you visit that you do not want information about your online activity collected over time and across third-party websites or online services. We do not honor DNT or other similar signals at this time, due to the lack of a clear industry standard. Please visit the
Quantcast Privacy Choices
page for your opt-out options.
Global Privacy Control (“GPC”) is a preference that you can set in certain web browsers to inform the websites you visit that you do not want information about your online activity collected over time and across third-party websites or online services. We honor GPC for all data subjects in the United States. Please visit the
Quantcast Privacy Choices
page for more information about GPC.
Information collection
We collect or receive
Personal Information
about or relating to you in various ways, including from digital properties, like websites, mobile apps, or streaming media devices (such as connected TVs (“CTVs”), and other sources of digital content. Details about the categories of
Personal Information
we collect and receive, the source or manner in which we obtain each category of
Personal Information,
the purpose(s) for which we
Process
each category of
Personal Information
, and the retention period for each category of
Personal Information
we
Process
can be found in the table below. As described in the “
Who we are and what we do
” section, where applicable the
Processing
purposes identified in the table below are tied to the
TCF Purposes
outlined in the “
Information use and legal bases
” section.
Category and Description of
Personal Information
Source of
Personal Information
Purpose for
Processing
(including where relevant the
TCF Purpose
) and Retention Period
Pseudonymous Identifiers:
unique values that distinguish your browser profile(s) or device(s).
Examples include a
Cookie ID
, device
IP Address
, hashed email addresses, 3rd party identifiers, or other
Device Identifiers
or
Device Configuration/ Information.
Usually  generated when
Pixels, Tags, or SDKs
are loaded by a Client on its digital property (i.e., website, mobile app, or device) and sends information to us. Different kinds of
Pixels, Tags, or SDKs
are used for different purposes, but the types of information generated are the same.
Such information may also be received through a server- to- server connection, such as when receiving a
Bid Request
.
.
Pseudonymous Identifiers will be retained for up to 13 months for the following Purposes (NOTE: storing/accessing data on a device is the cookie lifespan - up to 13 months each time the cookie is reset):
TCF Purpose 1: Store and/or access information on a device
TCF Purpose 2: Use limited data to select advertising
TCF Purpose 3: Create profiles for personalised advertising
TCF Purpose 4: Use profiles to select personalised advertising
TCF Purpose 7: Measure advertising performance
TCF Purpose 8: Measure content performance
TCF Purpose 9: Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
TCF Purpose 10: Develop and improve services
TCF Special Purpose 1: Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
TCF SpecialPurpose 2: Deliver and present advertising and content
TCF Feature 1: Match and combine data from other data sources
TCF Feature 2: Link different devices
TCF Feature 3: Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Recording consent choices made by users
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information:
The time zone and approximate geolocation (e.g., postal code or city) of your device.
Inferred or derived by Quantcast from your device’s
IP Address
or included in
Bid Requests
.
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information will be retained for up to 30 days for the following Purposes:
TCF Purpose 2: Use limited data to select advertising
TCF Purpose 3: Create profiles for advertising
TCF Purpose 4: Use profiles to select personalised advertising
TCF Purpose 7: Measure advertising performance
TCF Purpose 8: Measure content performance
TCF Purpose 9: Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
TCF Purpose 10: Develop and improve products
TCF Special Purpose 1: Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
TCF Feature 1: Match and combine data from other data sources
TCF Feature 2: Link different devices
TCF Feature 3: Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Event Data
: Information relating to your
Online Data,
which may include
Pseudonymous Identifiers,
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
,
HTTP Request Header Information
,
Device Information
, and
Browsing Data.
Generated when
Pixels, Tags or SDKs
, installed by a Client on its digital property, loads and sends information to us.
Different kinds of
Pixels, Tags or SDKs
are used for different purposes, but the types of information generated are the same.
Event Data  will be retained for up to 13 months for the following Purposes:
TCF Purpose 3: Create profiles for advertising
TCF Purpose 7: Measure advertising performance
TCF Purpose 8: Measure content performance
TCF Purpose 9: Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
TCF Purpose 10: Develop and improve products
TCF Special Purpose 1: Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
TCF SpecialPurpose 2: Deliver and present advertising and content
TCF Feature 2: Link different devices
TCF Feature 3: Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Bid Request Data
: A bid request is an offer from a digital publisher, like a website, mobile app, or streaming media owner, to show an ad on their property.
Bid Request Data
includes information about your visit to the publisher’s digital property, which helps us understand where an ad will be displayed,
Device Information
, and who might see it.
Bid Request Data
also commonly includes a
Pseudonymous Identifier
(if available), the content that the ad would serve into, the type of device the ad would be served on, the
Imprecise / Approximate Location Information
of the device, the size of the ad, and consent information. Because
Bid Requests
include information about the content you are visiting, over time, accumulated
Bid Requests
may show your browsing behavior.
Received from a digital publisher.
Bid RequestData  will be retained for up to 13 months for the following Purposes:
TCF Purpose 2: Use limited data to select advertising
TCF Purpose 3: Create profiles for advertising
TCF Purpose 7: Measure advertising performance
TCF Purpose 9: Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
TCF Purpose 10: Develop and improve products
TCF Special Purpose 1: Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
TCF SpecialPurpose 2: Deliver and present advertising and content
TCF Feature 2: Link different devices
TCF Feature 3: Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Imported Data (Client):
Pseudonymised Information
, which may include
Online Data
, and/or
Offline Data
that may be apportioned by
Browsing Data,
Attributes
,
Segments
,
Label Data
and
Interests
.
Uploaded to the Quantcast platform or provided to us via an Application Programming Interface (“API”) by a particular Client for use on its behalf.
Imported Data (client) will be retained for up to 30 days for the following Purposes:
TCF Purpose 3: Create profiles for advertising
TCF Purpose 9: Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
TCF Purpose 10: Develop and improve products
TCF Special Purpose 1: Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud,
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment):
Pseudonymised Information,
which may include
Online Data,
and/or
Offline Data
that may be apportioned by
Browsing Data
,
Attributes
,
Segments
,
Label Data
and
Interests
.
Uploaded to the Quantcast platform or provided to us via an API by third-party
Data Management Platforms or Data Providers
.
Imported  Data (Third Party/Segment) will be retained for up to 30 days for the following Purposes:
TCF Purpose 3: Create profiles for advertising
TCF Purpose 4: Use profiles to select personalised advertising
TCF Purpose 9: Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
TCF Purpose 10: Develop and improve products
TCF Special Purpose 1: Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Inferences/Inferred Data
: Information drawn from the above-listed categories of information (i.e.,
Event Data,
Bid Request Data
,
Imported Data (Client),
and
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment)
).
We may, for example, use information that we have collected to infer your interests, age, gender, marital status, or income range. These
Inferences
may include
Interests
and
Attributes
.
Derived by Quantcast from previously collected
Event Data,
Bid Request Data
,
Imported Data (Client),
and/or
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment).
Inferences/Inferred Data will be retained for up to 13 months for the following Purposes:
TCF Purpose 3: Create profiles for advertising
TCF Purpose 4: Use profiles to select personalised advertising
TCF Purpose 7: Measure advertising performance
TCF Purpose 8: Measure content performance
TCF Purpose 9: Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
TCF Purpose 10: Develop and improve products
TCF Special Purpose 1: Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Training Data:
Pseudonymous Information
used to improve Quantcast’s algorithms and measure how well they are working.
Received from third-party data providers and matched to
Pseudonymous Identifiers.
Training Data  will be retained for up to 30 days for the following Purposes:
TCF Purpose 3: Create profiles for advertising
TCF Purpose 8: Measure content performance
TCF Purpose 9: Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
TCF Purpose 10: Develop and improve products
TCF Special Purpose 1: Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Information you provide: This may include your contact details, (e.g., name, email address, or phone number) and any commentary or other information you provide when you contact Quantcast.
Provided by you when you contact Quantcast.
Carrying out our legitimate business purposes.
Retention Period: up to 18 months
Additionally, any of the categories of
Personal Information
described above may be
Processed
for the following purposes.
Establishing, bringing, or defending against complaints, legal claims (including threatened or anticipated legal claims), and regulatory inquiries
Categories of
Personal Information
and associated retention periods are determined by the underlying purpose for which the
Personal Information
is Processed.
Responding to legal requests
Complying with relevant laws and regulations
Conducting research
Hosting of
Personal Information
for above-listed purposes
Technically, all
Personal Information
is
Processed
in the course of being hosted on a server or in cloud computing service. Retention periods for each category of
Personal Information
Processed
are disclosed above.
Sensitive information: We generally do not seek or permit sensitive
Personal Information
(e.g., information revealing an individual’s racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership; genetic or biometric data that is
Processed
for the purpose of uniquely identifying an individual; information concerning an individual’s health, sex life, or sexual orientation; and information relating to criminal convictions and offenses) to be used in the Solutions. However, as allowed by applicable laws and rules, we may collect and
Process
non-sensitive health-related information (outside of the EEA, UK, and Switzerland) in connection with the delivery of the Solutions. We provide a list of standard health segments and a representative sample of custom health segments that we use for targeted advertising
here
. Please note that where we
Process
any of your sensitive
Personal Information
, we seek and obtain your consent and/or otherwise
Process
such information in accordance with applicable laws and rules.
Children’s information: We do not seek or permit
Personal Information
from children under the age of 16. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with
Personal Information
, that parent or guardian should contact us at privacy [at] quantcast [dot] com. If we become aware that a child has provided us with
Personal Information
, we will take all reasonable steps to delete such information from our files.
Contractual commitments from our Clients and third-party Data Providers: We contractually require other companies that provide or make available to us
Personal Information
to take steps to ensure that we can lawfully
Process
such information, which include: (i) posting complete and accurate privacy policies that comply with applicable laws and rules and describe their
Personal Information
collection, use, and sharing practices; (ii) obtaining all legally-required consents and necessary permissions; and (iii) providing individuals with appropriate choices and the ability to opt out of the
Processing
of their
Personal Information
, where necessary or appropriate.
Information use and legal basis
As described in the “
Who we are and what we do
” section, we generally use the
TCF
as the mechanism for describing our
Processing
activities, and in Europe specifically for establishing our legal basis for
Processing
and managing users’ preferences for online personalised advertising and related activities. The
TCF
is designed to allow a digital business to present information and choices to users on its website relating to the
Processing
of their
Personal Information
.
We
Process
Personal Information
for the purposes for which it was collected or provided to us. The table below describes the specific purposes for which we
Process
the
Personal Information
we collect or otherwise obtain about you. This table includes:
the purposes for which Quantcast
Processes
Personal Information
,which are tied to the defined purposes for
Processing
, special purposes, and features set forth in the
TCF Policies
and official technical documentation disseminated by IAB Europe where applicable(see Appendix A of the
TCF Policies
for examples and illustrations of the purposes, special purposes and features,
a description of each
Processing
activity using
TCF
-specific terminology (to the extent applicable), and
the legal basis that we rely on to perform each of our
Processing
activities.
Please note that in Europe, where we indicate that “Legitimate Interests” in accordance with the GDPR is the legal basis for
Processing
, we carry out the
Processing
in reliance on our legitimate interests or those of a third party (e.g., our Clients), provided that such interests are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
Processing Purpose /  TCF Purpose
(where
TCF
is applicable)
Description of
Processing
Activity (using
TCF Purpose
terms)
Legal Basis
for
Processing
Storing and/or accessing information on a device (
TCF Purpose
1)
Cookies
,
Device Identifiers
, or other information more fully described in association with the purposes below can be stored or accessed on your device for the purposes presented to you.
Consent
Use limited data to select advertising (
TCF Purpose
2)
Ads can be shown to you based on the content you’re viewing, the app you’re using, your device’s
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information,
or your device type.
When selecting “Use limited data to select advertising”, Quantcast will:
Use real-time information about the context in which the ad will be shown, including information about the content and your device, such as: device type and capabilities,
User Agent
,
URL
, and
IP Address
Use your device’s
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
Control the frequency of ads shown to you
Sequence the order in which ads are shown to you
Prevent an ad from serving in an unsuitable editorial (brand-unsafe) context
Consent or Legitimate Interests, depending on the choice of the Client that is using the
TCF
.
Where we rely on Legitimate Interests, we carry out the
Processing
to help our advertiser Clients meet their objectives of finding new customers and growing their brands through the delivery of relevant ads.
Creating profiles for personalised ads (
TCF Purpose
3)
A profile can be built about you and your
Interests
to show you personalised ads that are relevant to you.
To create or edit a profile for use in personalised advertising, Quantcast will:
Collect information about you, including your activity, visits to websites or mobile apps or streaming media, or
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
Aggregate
Attributes
and
Interests
and
Panel
-based demographic information,
Combine information with other information previously collected, including from across websites or mobile apps or streaming media
Consent
Using profiles to select  personalised ads (
TCF Purpose
4)
When serving personalised ads, Quantcast will select personalised ads based on
Personal Information
collected from or about you, such as your prior activity,
Interests
, visits to websites or mobile apps or streaming media,
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information,
demographic information or
Inferences
.
Consent
Measuring advertising performance (
TCF Purpose
7)
Quantcast will measure the performance and effectiveness of ads that you see or interact with.
In particular, to measure whether and how ads were delivered to you and how you interacted with them, Quantcast will:
Provide reporting to Clients about ads, including their effectiveness and performance
Provide reporting to Clients about your interactions with ads using data observed during your interaction with the ad
Provide reporting to Clients about the ads displayed on their properties
Measure whether an ad is serving in a suitable editorial environment (brand-safe) context
Determine the percentage of the ad that had the opportunity to be seen and the duration of that opportunity
Combine this information with other information previously collected, including from across websites or mobile apps or streaming media
In the provision of the Solutions to some Clients, Quantcast may correlate information between entries within its own datasets that have the same
Pseudonymous Identifier
or with information obtained from Ad Serving, Ad Verification, or
Data Management Platforms/Data Providers.
We do this to provide aggregated reporting to Clients about the number of visitors to their digital properties.
Quantcast does not apply
Panel
or similarly derived
Audience Insights
data to ad measurement data without a separate legal basis to apply market research to generate
Audience Insights.
Consent or Legitimate Interests, depending on the choice of the Client that is using the
TCF
.
Where we rely on Legitimate Interests, we carry out the
Processing
to help our advertiser Clients meet their objective of ascertaining, measuring, and improving the effectiveness of their ad campaigns.
Measuring content performance (
TCF Purpose
8)
The performance and effectiveness of content that you see or interact with can be measured.
To measure content performance, Quantcast will:
Measure and report to Clients on how content was delivered to and interacted with by you
Provide reporting to Clients, using directly measurable or known information about your interactions with the content
Combine this information with other information previously collected, including from across visits to websites or mobile apps or streaming media
Consent or Legitimate Interests, depending on the choice of the Client that is using the
TCF
.
Where we rely on Legitimate Interests, we carry out the
Processing
to help our Clients meet their objective of executing their digital content strategies more effectively.
Understanding audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources i.e.  applying market research to generate
Audience Insights
(
TCF Purpose
9)
Market research can be used to learn more about the
Audiences
who visit websites, mobile apps, or streaming media, and view ads.
To generate
Audience Insights
, Quantcast will:
Provide aggregate reporting to advertisers or their representatives (such as advertising agencies) about the
Audiences
reached by their ads, through
Panel
-based and similarly derived insights
Provide aggregate reporting to Clients about the
Audiences
that were served or interacted with content and/or ads on their properties by applying
Panel
-based and similarly derived insights
Associate
Offline Data
with you for the purposes of market research to generate
Audience Insights
(if we have declared that we will match and combine
Offline Data
sources)
Combine this information with other information previously collected, including from visits to websites or mobile apps or streaming media
Consent or Legitimate Interests, depending on the choice of the Client that is using the
TCF
.
Where we rely on Legitimate Interests, we carry out the
Processing
to help our Clients meet their objectives of finding new customers and growing their brands through the delivery of relevant ads and/or executing their digital content strategies more effectively.
Developing and improving services (
TCF Purpose
10 )
Your information can be used to improve Quantcast’s existing systems and software and to develop new products.
To develop and improve its products, Quantcast will:
Use information to improve its existing products with new features and to develop new products
Create new models and algorithms through machine learning
For example, Quantcast matches its datasets with
Training Data
, which usually includes
Event Data
,
Bid Request Data
,
Imported Data (Client)
, and/or
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment)
. Quantcast primarily uses
Training Data
to train its algorithms how to infer individuals’
Attributes
and
Interests
in the context of the Solutions.
Consent or Legitimate Interest, depending on the choice of the Client that is using the
TCF
.
Where we rely on Legitimate Interests, we carry out the
Processing
to meet our organisational objective of continuously improving the Solutions for our Clients.
Ensuring security, preventing and detecting fraud, and fixing errors  (
TCF Special Purpose
1)
Your information can be used to monitor for and prevent fraudulent activity and ensure our systems and processes work properly and securely.
To ensure security, prevent fraud, and debug, Quantcast will:
Ensure information is securely transmitted
Detect and prevent malicious, fraudulent, invalid, or illegal activity
Ensure correct and efficient operation of systems and processes, including monitoring and enhancing the performance of systems and processes engaged in permitted purposes
Legitimate Interests
We conduct the
Processing
to meet organisational objectives such as to maintain our IT systems; to ensure the electronic security of our business; and to detect and prevent against malicious, fraudulent, invalid, and illegal activity.
Technically deliver ads or content (
TCF Special Purpose
2)
Your device can receive and send information that allows you to see and interact with ads and content.
To deliver information and respond to technical requests, Quantcast will:
Use your device’s
IP Address
to deliver an ad or content over the internet
Respond to your interactions with an ad or content by sending you to a landing page
Use information about your device type and capabilities for delivering ads or content (e.g., to deliver the right size ad creative or video file in a format supported by your device)
Quantcast may also match
Pseudonymous Identifiers
with third parties in order to deliver ads to
Audiences
.
Legitimate Interests
We carry out the
Processing
to help our advertiser Clients meet their objective to ascertain, measure, and improve the effectiveness of their ad campaigns.
Matching and combining data from other  sources i.e.  offline data (TCF Feature 1)
Offline Data
can be combined with your online activity in support of one or more purposes or special purposes outlined in this table.
The legal basis will depend on the
TCF Purpose
pursued.
Linking different devices (TCF Feature 2)
Different devices can be determined as belonging to you or your household in support of one or more purposes.
Through
Cross-Media Matching/Linking,
Quantcast will:
Deterministically determine that two or more devices belong to you or your household
Probabilistically determine that two or more devices belong to you or your household
The legal basis will depend on the
TCF Purpose
pursued.
Receiving and using automatically sent device characteristics for identification (TCF Feature 3)
Your device will be distinguished from other devices based on information it automatically sends, such as
IP Address
or browser type.
In particular, Quantcast will:
Create an identifier using information collected automatically from your device for specific characteristics (e.g.,
IP Address
or User Agent information)
Use such an identifier to attempt to re-identify your device
The legal basis will depend on the
TCF Purpose
pursued.
Establishing, bringing, or defending against complaints, legal claims (including threatened or anticipated legal claims), and regulatory inquiries
We
Process
, preserve, and share
Personal Information
when we seek legal advice or seek to protect ourselves in the context of litigation and other disputes.
Legitimate Interests
We carry out the
Processing
to meet our objective of protecting ourselves and others, including in connection with investigations, litigation, and regulatory inquiries.
Responding to legal requests
We preserve and share
Personal Information
in response to legal requests from law enforcement and other government officials, to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process, and when we believe in good faith that disclosure of such information is necessary to comply with a judicial proceeding or court order.
Legitimate Interests
We carry out the
Processing
to meet our objective of protecting ourselves and others, including in connection with investigations and regulatory inquiries.
Complying with relevant laws and regulations
We
Process
Personal Information
to comply with our legal obligations under applicable law.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to
Process
Personal Information
we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters: where we are in receipt of a court order to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006 or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required
Consumer matters: to comply with our obligations under consumer law, such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014 (e.g., where the Irish Competition and Consumer Protection Commission requests information)
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations under company legislation and tax law, such as the Companies Act 2014 or where the Irish Revenue requests information
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations under data protection laws, including to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the GDPR and the Data Protection Act 2018
See
quantcast.com/privacy/laws
for the current list of laws which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Quantcast which results in the
Processing
of
Personal Information
. As new laws may be enacted or other obligations may require us to
Process
your
Personal Information
, we will update this list from time to time.
Compliance with a legal obligation.
Conducting research
We use
Personal Information
to conduct research, surveys, product testing, and troubleshooting to help us operate and improve our products and services.
Legitimate Interests
We carry out the
Processing
to meet our organisational objective of delivering and continuously improving the Solutions for our Clients.
Hosting information
We
Process
Personal Information
to manage our business, which includes hosting
Personal Information
in our on-premise data centers and/or cloud computing services.
Legitimate Interests
We carry out the
Processing
to meet our organisational objective of delivering the Solutions to our Clients.
Information sharing
In connection with one or more of the purposes outlined in the “
Information use and legal basis
” section above, we may share your
Personal Information
with the categories of third parties described below.
Category of Recipient
Description and Purpose of Sharing
Categories of
Personal Information
Shared
Quantcast-affiliated companies
We share your
Personal Information
with Quantcast-affiliated companies in order to provide the Solutions.
All or certain categories of
Personal Information
are shared only as necessary or appropriate.
Our vendors (including service providers/data processors)
Visit the
Quantcast Partners
page for a list of our vendors.
We share your
Personal Information
with vendors who act on our behalf and are subject to binding contractual obligations and restrictions on the
Processing
of
Personal Information
we share with them. For example, these companies assist with information hosting, information
Processing
, database management, and administrative tasks.
All or certain categories of
Personal Information
are shared only as necessary or appropriate.
Our partners, such as
Data Management Platforms and Data Providers
and
Advertising Exchanges
Visit the
Quantcast Partners
page for a list of our Partners
We share
Pseudonymous Identifiers
with companies that we partner with to support the operation of the Solutions. Specifically, Quantcast shares
Pseudonymous Identifiers
with 1) data providers via
Data Management Platforms
for the purpose of performing
Cookie Syncing/Matches
with
Imported Data (Client)
and Third Party/Segment Data, and 2) and
Advertising Exchanges
for the purpose of serving ads.
Pseudonymous Identifiers.
Relevant third parties as part of a corporate transaction
In the event of a reorganisation, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets, or stock (including in connection with a bankruptcy or similar proceeding), we may share your
Personal Information
with (or transfer your
Personal Information
to) certain third parties, such as the acquiring entity and its advisors. We may also make certain information available to a potential investor or purchaser (and their advisers) in advance of any such transaction’s completion.
All or certain categories of
Personal Information
are shared only as necessary or appropriate.
Competent governmental and public authorities
We may share your
Personal Information
with governmental and law enforcement authorities, in each case to comply with legal or regulatory obligations or requests.
All or certain categories of
Personal Information
are shared only as necessary or appropriate.
Other third parties
We will share your
Personal Information
with other third parties at your direction or with your consent.
Additionally, we may share your
Personal Information
as necessary or appropriate or where otherwise permitted by law to:
Enforce our agreements
Protect our operations
Protect our rights, privacy, safety, property, and/or those of other persons
Allow us to pursue available remedies or limit damages that we may sustain
All or certain categories of
Personal Information
are shared only as necessary or appropriate.
We also create and share with our Clients insights or reports regarding the makeup of the
Audiences
that visit their digital properties or the performance of their advertising campaigns. These insights and reports may contain aggregated data from which individual users cannot be uniquely identified or data from which Quantcast has removed
Pseudonymous Identifiers
.
Information security
We employ appropriate organisational and technical security safeguards designed to keep
Personal Information
secure when it is transmitted to us and once we receive it. These measures may include encryption and  employment of information storage security technologies to restrict access to our network.  However, please be aware that no method of transmitting information over the internet or storing information is completely secure.
Information retention
We retain your
Personal Information
for as long as necessary for the purposes for which it was collected, as described in the “
Information Collection
” section above and in the tables below, except where we are required to retain the information for a longer period of time. Once
Personal Information
has reached its retention period, as applicable, we may either de-identify it (for CCPA purposes), anonymise it (for GDPR purposes), or permanently delete it.
Category of Personal Information
Maximum retention period for all purposes
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Up to 13 months (NOTE: storing/accessing data on a device is the cookie lifespan - up to 13 months each time the cookie is reset)
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
Up to 30 days
Event Data
Up to 13 months
Bid Request Data
Up to 13 months
Imported Data (Client)
Up to 30 days
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment)
Up to 30 days
Inferences/Inferred Data
Up to 13 months
Training Data
Up to 30 days
Information you provide
Up to 18 months
Processing Purpose /  TCF Purpose
Categories of
Personal Information
used for this purpose
Maximum retention period
Store and/or access information on a device (
TCF Purpose
1)
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Cookie life span is up to 13 months each time it’s reset
Use limited data to select advertising (
TCF Purpose
2)
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
Bid Request Data
Up to 30 days
Create profiles for personalised advertising (
TCF Purpose
3)
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Imprecise/Approximate
Location Information
Event Data
Bid Request Data
Imported Data (Client)
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment)
Inferences/Inferred Data
Training Data
Up to 30 days
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (
TCF Purpose
4)
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
Bid Request Data
Imported Data (Client)
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment)
Inferences/Inferred Data
Up to 13 months
Measure advertising performance (
TCF Purpose
7)
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Imprecise/Approximate
Location Information
Event Data
Bid Request Data
Inferences/Inferred Data
Up to 13 months
Measure content performance (
TCF Purpose
8)
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Imprecise/Approximate
Location Information
Event Data
Inferences/Inferred Data
Training Data
Up to 13 months
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources (
TCF Purpose
9)
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Imprecise/Approximate
Location Information
Event Data
Bid Request Data
Imported Data (Client)
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment)
Inferences/Inferred Data
Training Data
Up to 13 months
Develop and improve services  (
TCF Purpose
10 )
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Imprecise/Approximate
Location Information
Event Data
Bid Request Data
Imported Data (Client)
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment)
Inferences/Inferred Data
Training Data
Up to 13 months
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors (
TCF Special Purpose
1)
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Imprecise/Approximate
Location Information
Event Data
Bid Request Data
Imported Data (Client)
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment)
Inferences/Inferred Data
Training Data
Up to 13 months
Deliver and present advertising and content (
TCF Special Purpose
2)
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Event Data
Bid Request Data
Up to 30 days
Match and combine data from other data sources (TCF Feature 1)
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
The retention period will depend on the
TCF Purpose
pursued.
Link different devices (TCF Feature 2)
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
Bid Request Data
The retention period will depend on the
TCF Purpose
pursued.
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically (TCF Feature 3)
Pseudonymous Identifiers
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
Bid Request Data
The retention period will depend on the
TCF Purpose
pursued.
Establishing, bringing, or defending against complaints, legal claims (including threatened or anticipated legal claims), and regulatory inquiries
Categories of
Personal Information
and associated retention periods are determined by the underlying purpose for which the
Personal Information
is Processed.
Responding to legal requests
Complying with relevant laws and regulations
Conducting research
Hosting information
Technically, all
Personal Information
is
Processed
in the course of being hosted on a server or in cloud computing service. Retention periods for each category of
Personal Information
Processed
are disclosed above.
International transfers
Quantcast operates a global service, and we engage vendors located around the world to help us deliver the Solutions. Accordingly, your
Personal Information
may be transferred outside of the country or region in which you reside, including to the United States and other countries where either our data centers, vendors, affiliates, or Partners are located. Where we transfer your
Personal Information
internationally, we do so in accordance with applicable law.
If you are based in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland, please note that we may need to transfer your
Personal Information
to countries that have not been recognised by the
European Commision
and/or the
UK government
as providing an adequate level of protection for
Personal Information
. We generally use EU Standard Contractual Clauses (to facilitate both controller-to-controller and controller-to-processor transfers) or other government-approved contracts that provide appropriate safeguards for
Personal Information
that is transferred to countries that have not been recognised as providing an adequate level of protection.  You can contact us at privacy@quantcast.com to request a copy of our Standard Contractual Clauses.
In certain limited circumstances, we rely on other lawful mechanisms for international transfers of
Personal Information
or rely on derogations, such as the contractual necessity derogation.
Your choices and legal rights
Under applicable law, you may have certain rights in relation to your
Personal Information
. Additional details about the rights that you may have and how to exercise such rights can be found below.
Right of access: The right to request access to your
Personal Information
and receive certain information, including the categories of your
Personal Information
we collect and disclose.  To exercise this right, see our
Data Subjcet Request Form
request form
here
.
Right of rectification/correction: The right to request that we rectify (or correct) inaccurate
Personal Information
about you. In practice, if you seek to exercise your right of rectification/correction, due to the limited
Personal Information
we
Process
, we satisfy this right by providing you with the option to request deletion of your
Personal Information
. To request the deletion of your
Personal Information
, see our
Data Subject Request Form
request form
here
.
Right of erasure/deletion: The right, in certain cases, to request that we delete your
Personal Information
, provided there are valid grounds for doing so and subject to applicable law and exceptions. To exercise this right, see our
Data Subject Request Form
request form
here
.
Right to data portability: The right, in certain cases, to receive a copy of your
Personal Information
in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and transmit such information to another controller. To exercise this right, see our
Data Subject Request Form
request form
here
.
Right to object (marketing): The right to object to the
Processing
of your
Personal Information
for direct marketing purposes. In practice, we satisfy this right by providing you with the option to opt out of our
Processing
of your
Personal Information
for advertising purposes. To exercise this right, see our
Privacy Choices (opt-out) Page
opt-out page
here
.  Additionally, as noted in the “
Self Regulatory Standards
” section above, we are a member of the NAI and a DAA and EDAA participating company. Each of these self-regulatory bodies offers a tool that allows individuals to opt out of receiving targeted advertising from Quantcast and other participating companies. These links will take you to the
NAI opt-out
page and the
DAA opt-out
page. If you are located in Europe, you may prefer to visit the
EDAA opt-out
page.
Right to object (legitimate interests): The right to object to the
Processing
of your
Personal Information
where we
Process
it on the basis of our legitimate interests, as described in the “
Information Use and Legal Bases
” section above.  Unless we have compelling legitimate grounds or the information is needed for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, we will cease
Processing
your
Personal Information
when you object.  To exercise this right, see our
Privacy Choices (opt-out) Page
opt-out page
here
.
Right to restrict
Processing
: The right, in certain cases, to temporarily restrict our
Processing
of your
Personal Information
, provided there are valid grounds for doing so. In practice, if you seek to exercise your right to restrict the
Processing
of your
Personal Information
, we will treat it as an exercise of the right on an ongoing, rather than temporary, basis (i.e., the request will be treated as you exercising the right to object to the
Processing
of your
Personal Information
). To exercise this right, see our
Privacy Choices (opt-out) Page
opt-out page
here
.
Right to withdraw your consent: The right to withdraw the consent you have provided at any time, where we
Process
your
Personal Information
on the basis of your consent. Please note that the lawfulness of any
Processing
undertaken prior to your withdrawal of consent shall not be affected by the withdrawal. To exercise this right, see our
Privacy Choices (opt-out) Page
opt-out page
here
.
Right to lodge a complaint: The right to complain to the relevant authority regarding the
Processing
of your
Personal Information
by us or on our behalf.  In the EU, the lead supervisory authority is the
Irish Data Protection Commissioner.
See the section “
Contact Us
” below.
Please note that the rights listed above may not be exercised in certain circumstances, such as when the
Processing
of your
Personal Information
is necessary to comply with a legal obligation to which we are subject or for the exercise or defense of legal claims. Additionally, in order to protect your privacy, we may require proof of your identity before we can act on your request but only where it is necessary and proportionate to request this information.
If you are based in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland and have issues or questions about the above-listed rights, you may contact our European Data Protection Officer via
dpo@quantcast.com
.
If you are based in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland, under applicable law, you also generally have the right not to be subject to a decision when it is based on automated
Processing
(i.e., an operation that is performed without any human intervention), if it produces a legal effect (i.e., impacts your legal rights) or significantly affects you in a similar way (e.g., significantly affects your financial circumstances or ability to access essential goods or services). Please note, however, that Quantcast does not make decisions based solely on automated
Processing
that produce a legal effect or similarly significantly affect individuals.
Additional information for EEA, UK, and Switzerland residents
If you are located in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland, please note that the Solutions are provided by our European entity, Quantcast International Limited. In
Processing
Personal Information
in the context of providing the Solutions to our Clients, Quantcast Internal Limited generally acts as a data controller. More specifically, Quantcast International Limited is a joint controller along with its Client when we jointly determine the purposes for which your
Personal Information
will be
Processed
. For example, we are joint controllers with Advertisers and Publishers for
Personal Information
that is collected as Quantcast
Cookies
, or using
Pixels, Tags and SDKs
deployed by our Clients on their digital properties, and for the
Processing
of other
Personal Information
introduced into the Solutions directly by the Client. This is because both Quantcast and the Client have influence over whether and how we collect and
Process
the
Personal Information
.  In limited situations, Quantcast is the sole data controller of
Personal Information
when we are
Processing
it for our own independent purposes, for instance when we use a Quantcast
Pseudonymous Identifier
or we derive aggregated analytics for modeling, developing our algorithms, or improving the Solutions.
Your choices and legal rights
Under applicable law, you may have certain rights in relation to your
Personal Information
. Additional details about the rights that you may have and how to exercise such rights can be found in the
Your choices and legal rights
section above.  .
If you are based in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland and have issues or questions about the above-listed rights, you may contact our European Data Protection Officer via
dpo@quantcast.com
.
If you are based in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland, under applicable law, you also generally have the right not to be subject to a decision when it is based on automated
Processing
(i.e., an operation that is performed without any human intervention), if it produces a legal effect (i.e., impacts your legal rights) or significantly affects you in a similar way (e.g., significantly affects your financial circumstances or ability to access essential goods or services). Please note, however, that Quantcast does not make decisions based solely on automated
Processing
that produce a legal effect or similarly significantly affect individuals.
Additional information for California residents
The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) provides California residents with certain rights. Pursuant to the CCPA, we are providing the following additional details regarding the categories of
Personal Information
about California residents that we collect, use, and disclose.
Categories of personal information collected: We have collected the following categories of
Personal Information
from California residents within the last twelve (12) months:
Identifiers, such as
IP Address
and other similar
Pseudonymous Identifiers.
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including browsing history and information regarding individuals’ interactions with websites or mobile apps or streaming media.
Geolocation data, such as
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
derived from device
IP Addresses.
Inferences
, which refers to inferences drawn from any of the information in these categories of
Personal Information
to predict the individual’s characteristics.
Categories of sources of personal information: As described in the “
Information collection
” section above, we collect the above-listed categories of
Personal Information
directly from individuals; through automated means (e.g.
Pixels, Tags and SDKs
,
Cookies
or
Bid Requests
); and from third parties (e.g., our Clients).
Disclosures of personal information: As described in the “
Information sharing
” section above, in the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed
Personal Information
about California residents in all of the above-listed categories of
Personal Information
to our affiliates and vendors. Additionally, in the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed
Identifiers
to our partners.
Sale of personal information: Quantcast does not “sell” (as defined in the CCPA)
Personal Information
and has not “sold”
Personal Information
in the preceding twelve (12) months in relation to operating the Solutions.
Individual rights and requests: If you are a California resident, you have the right to request that we:
Disclose to you the following information covering the 12 months preceding your request:
the categories of
Personal Information
we have collected about you and the categories of sources from which we collected such information;
the specific pieces of
Personal Information
we have collected about you;
the business or commercial purpose for collecting
Personal Information
about you;
the categories of third parties with whom we shared or to whom we disclosed such
Personal Information
; and
if we sold or disclosed your
Personal Information
for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
sales, identifying the
Personal Information
categories that each category of recipient received; and
disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the
Personal Information
categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Delete the
Personal Information
we have collected from you.
If you are interested in exercising one or more of the rights outlined above, please click the relevant link in the
“Your choices and legal rights”
section above. You may also submit requests by contacting us via email at privacy [at] quantcast [dot] com. We will attempt to verify your identity and respond to your request consistent with the CCPA.
If you authorise a natural person or business entity to submit a request on your behalf (an “Authorised Agent”), the Authorised Agent may use the submission methods noted above. As part of our verification process, we will require proof concerning their status as an Authorised Agent, which may include proof of their registration with the California Secretary of State to conduct business in California and/or proof that they have power of attorney in accordance with California probate law. We may also require you to verify your identity directly with us or directly confirm with us that you provided the agent with permission to submit the request.
Information about annual data requests is available in the
CCPA Annual Report
..
We will not discriminate against you if you decide to exercise your rights under the CCPA.
Global Privacy Control (“ GPC ”) is a preference that you can set in certain web browsers to inform the websites you visit that you do not want information about your online activity collected over time and across third-party websites or online services. We honor GPC for all data subjects in the United States. Please visit the
Quantcast Privacy Choices
page for more information about GPC.
Contact us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our information handling practices, please feel free to contact us.
Individuals located in the United States, please contact us at:
Quantcast Corp.
795 Folsom Street
San Francisco, CA 94107
Email: privacy [at] quantcast [dot] com
Individuals located outside of the United States, please contact us at:
Quantcast International Limited
Beaux Lane House
Lower Mercer Street
Dublin 2, Ireland
Email: privacy.qil [at] quantcast [dot] com
The Data Protection Officer (DPO) for Quantcast International Limited can be contacted at
dpo@quantcast.com
.
If you have contacted us or our DPO about a privacy or information use concern and feel that we have not addressed it satisfactorily, you may contact our US-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
If you are a resident of the EEA, UK, or Switzerland, you also have the right to lodge a complaint against us with our lead supervisory authority, the
Irish Data Protection Commission
, or the
supervisory authority
in your country of residence.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes in our practices with respect to the collection, use, and/or disclosure of
Personal Information
or changes in applicable law. The “Last Updated” date at the top of this page indicates when this Privacy Policy was last updated.  Any changes will become effective when we post a revised version of this Privacy Policy unless otherwise specified.
Some of our changes will be minor, but if we make significant changes to how we use or share your
Personal Information
, we will:
inform you in advance by posting a notice on our website
wait for a period of time before implementing the changes
We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to remain informed about our information handling and privacy practices.
Effective September 11th 2023
to
February 12th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Products and Services Privacy Policy
Products and Services Privacy Policy
Who we are and what we do
Scope of this Privacy Policy
Self-regulatory standards
Information collection
Information use and legal basis
Information sharing
Information
security
Information
retention
International transfers
Additional disclosures for EEA, UK, and Switzerland residents
Your choices and legal rights
California privacy rights
Contact
us
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Capitalised terms used in this Products and Services Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”) are defined in
Key Terms
unless otherwise defined herein. See German translation
here
.
Who we are and what we do
Quantcast (“
we
”, “
our
”, or “
us
”) is a global digital advertising technology group of companies. Quantcast offers products and services that help digital advertisers and publishers (collectively, “
Clients
”) understand and grow their audiences (the “
Solutions
”). Through Quantcast Advertise Solutions, advertiser Clients can plan, activate, and measure the performance of their advertising campaigns seamlessly in a single audience platform, which helps them to place their ads to maximise results. Through Quantcast Measure Solutions, digital publisher Clients leverage insights to better understand the makeup of their audiences, how audiences spend their time across their digital properties, and what audiences care about, all of which help these digital businesses better connect their content and
Audiences
with the right advertising.
To provide the Solutions, Quantcast collects and uses
Personal Information
for various purposes, such as measuring and understanding audiences, targeting and delivering ads, measuring ad performance, and similar related purposes. As described in the “
Information Collection
” section below, we may join or match Personal Information about you, which may include your
Online Data
from your visits across different digital properties, like websites or mobile apps, that have implemented Quantcast Pixels, Tags or SDKs (which is sometimes called “tracking” in the industry) or Offline Data . This allows us, for example, to enrich our existing data sets and provide meaningful reports for our Clients regarding the effectiveness of their ads or content. We may also combine Personal Information that we collect in order to probabilistically link media consumption to a single user, which is sometimes called Cross-Media Matching/Linking. To the extent that we combine Personal Information that we collect from and about you in connection with our performance of the Solutions, we will use such combined information only as described in this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy describes in more detail how we collect, use, disclose, and protect Personal Information, otherwise obtain and Process it in connection with the delivery of the Solutions, and the controls we provide you to manage such information and exercise your choices and legal rights. As noted in the “
Information use and legal basis
” section below, we use the Transparency and Consent Framework (“
TCF
”) standard to facilitate compliance with applicable laws in Europe, primarily in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“
GDPR
”). Because the TCF is one means of explaining Processing activities, and because our Processing activities are consistent globally, the TCF Purposes are applicable to all Personal Information that we Process (regardless of the information’s country of origin).
In the United States, the Solutions are provided by Quantcast Corporation, located at 795 Folsom Street, San Francisco, CA 94107. Personal Information relating to individuals located within the United States provided to or gathered by us in connection with the delivery of the Solutions is controlled by Quantcast Corporation.
Outside of the United States, the Solutions are provided by Quantcast International Limited, located at Beaux Lane House, Lower Mercer Street, Dublin 2, Ireland. In so far as Quantcast acts as a “controller” (as defined under applicable law), Quantcast International Limited is the controller of your Personal Information if you reside in the European Economic Area (EEA), United Kingdom (UK), Switzerland, or any other jurisdiction outside of the United States.
Scope of this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy covers Quantcast’s use of Personal Information for the Solutions only. This Privacy Policy does not cover:
Quantcast’s privacy management products, which include our TCF consent management platform (“CMP”), Quantcast Choice. For more information about Quantcast Choice, please click here.
Personal Information collected from our website, www.quantcast.com, except to the extent that we use our own Solutions on our website. It also does not pertain to the collection and use of Personal Information in connection with our corporate functions, such as marketing, recruiting, people management, business-to-business communications, and so forth. For our privacy policy relating to our website and our corporate functions, please click
here
.
Any third parties’ handling of Personal Information, unless explicitly stated otherwise. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any other companies that you engage or interact with to understand their information handling and privacy practices.
We use some phrases in this Privacy Policy that are unique to our business and/or the digital advertising industry. For a list of defined terms that you should familiarise yourself with to make it easier to review this Privacy Policy, please review the
Key Terms
.
California Notice at Collection
: We collect the categories of Personal Information listed in the “
Categories of personal information collected
” subsection of the “
California privacy rights
” section below. As further described in the
“
Information use and legal basis
”
section below, we collect this information in order to deliver the Solutions and conduct our business. To learn more, please see the “
California privacy rights
”
section.
Self-regulatory standards
Quantcast supports and participates in several digital advertising self-regulatory organisations, as further described below.
We are members in good standing of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) and adhere to the
NAI 2020 Code of Conduct
.
We participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) and adhere to the
DAA Self-Regulatory Principles
.
We participate in the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) and are certified under the
EDAA Principles
.
We participate in, and comply with, the policies and technical specifications of the
TCF
, as a vendor. Quantcast’s IAB Europe-assigned identification numbers are CMP ID #10 (Quantcast Choice) and Vendor ID #11.
Please see the “
Your choices and legal rights
” section of this Privacy Policy for more information about the opt-out tools offered by the NAI, DAA, and EDAA.
Do Not Track (“
DNT
”)
is a preference that you can set in certain web browsers to inform the websites you visit that you do not want information about your online activity collected over time and across third-party websites or online services. We do not honor DNT or other similar signals at this time, due to the lack of a clear industry standard.
Information collection
We collect or receive Personal Information about or relating to you in various ways, including from digital properties, like websites, mobile apps, and other sources of digital content. Details about the categories of Personal Information we collect and receive, the source or manner in which we obtain each category of Personal Information, the purpose(s) for which we Process each category of Personal Information, and the retention period for each category of Personal Information we Process can be found in the table below. As described in the “
Who we are and what we do
” section, where applicable the Processing purposes identified in the table below are tied to the TCF Purposes outlined in the “
Information use and legal bases
” section.
Category and Description of Personal Information
Source of Personal Information
Purpose for Processing (including where relevant the TCF Purpose) and Retention Period
Pseudonymous Identifiers:
unique values that distinguish your browser profile(s) or device(s).
Examples include a Cookie ID, device IP Address or other Device Identifiers or Device Configuration/ Information.
Usually generated when Pixels, Tags, or SDKs are loaded by a Client on its digital property (i.e., website, mobile app, or device) and sends information to us. Different kinds of Pixels, Tags, or SDKs are used for different purposes, but the types of information generated are the same.
Such information may also be received through a server- to- server connection, such as when receiving a Bid Request.
Store and/or access information on a device (TCF Purpose 1)
Cookie life span is up to 13 months each time it’s reset
Select basic ads (TCF Purpose 2)
Up to 30 days
Create personalised ads profile (TCF Purpose 3)
Up to 30 days
Select personalised ads (TCF Purpose 4)
Up to 13 months
Measure ad performance (TCF Purpose 7)
Up to 13 months
Measure content performance (TCF Purpose 8)
Up to 13 months
Apply market research to generate audience insights (TCF Purpose 9)
Up to 13 months
Develop and improve products (TCF Purpose 10)
Up to 13 months
Ensure security, prevent fraud, and debug (TCF Special Purpose 1)
Up to 13 months
Technically deliver ads or content (TCF Special Purpose 2)
Up to 30 days
Matching and combining offline data sources (TCF Feature 1)
The retention period will depend on the TCF Purpose pursued
Linking different devices (TCF Feature 2)
The retention period will depend on the TCF Purpose pursued
Receiving and using automatically sent device characteristics for identification (TCF Feature 3)
The retention period will depend on the TCF Purpose pursued
Recording consent choices made by users
Up to 30 days
Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
:
The time zone and approximate geolocation (e.g., postal code or city) of your device.
Inferred or derived by Quantcast from your device’s IP Address or included in Bid Requests.
Select basic ads (TCF Purpose 2)
Up to 30 days
Create personalised ads profile (TCF Purpose 3)
Up to 30 days
Select personalised ads (TCF Purpose 4)
Up to 30 days
Measure ad performance (TCF Purpose 7)
Up to 30 days
Measure content performance (TCF Purpose 8)
Up to 30 days
Apply market research to generate audience insights (TCF Purpose 9)
Up to 30 days
Develop and improve products (TCF Purpose 10)
Up to 30 days
Ensure security, prevent fraud, and debug (TCF Special Purpose 1)
Up to 30 days
Matching and combining offline data sources (TCF Feature 1)
The retention period will depend on the TCF Purpose pursued
Linking different devices (TCF Feature 2)
The retention period will depend on the TCF Purpose pursued
Receiving and using automatically sent device characteristics for identification (TCF Feature 3)
The retention period will depend on the TCF Purpose pursued
Event Data
: Information relating to your Online Data, which may include Pseudonymous Identifiers, Imprecise/Approximate Location Information, HTTP Request Header Information, Device Information, and Browsing Data.
Generated when Pixels, Tags or SDKs, installed by a Client on its digital property, loads and sends information to us.
Different kinds of Pixels, Tags or SDKs are used for different purposes, but the types of information generated are the same.
Create personali ads profile (TCF Purpose 3)
Up to 30 days
Measure ad performance (TCF Purpose 7)
Up to 13 months
Measure content performance (TCF Purpose 8)
Up to 13 months
Apply market research to generate audience insights (TCF Purpose 9)
Up to 13 months
Develop and improve products (TCF Purpose 10)
Up to 13 months
Ensure security, prevent fraud, and debug (TCF Special Purpose 1)
Up to 13 months
Technically deliver ads or content (TCF Special Purpose 2)
Up to 30 days
Linking different devices (TCF Feature 2)
The retention period will depend on the TCF Purpose pursued
Receiving and using automatically sent device characteristics for identification (TCF Feature 3)
The retention period will depend on the TCF Purpose pursued
Bid Request Data:
An offer from a digital publisher, like a website or mobile app owner, to show an ad on their property.
Bid Request Data includes information about your visit to the publisher’s digital property, which helps us understand where an ad will be displayed, Device Information, and who might see it.
Bid Request Data also commonly includes a Pseudonymous Identifier (if available), the content that the ad would serve into, the type of device the ad would be served on, the Imprecise / Approximate Location Information of the device, the size of the ad, and consent information. Because Bid Requests include information about the content you are visiting, over time, accumulated Bid Requests may show your browsing behavior.
Received from a digital publisher.
Select basic ads (TCF Purpose 2)
Up to 30 days
Create personali ads profile (TCF Purpose 3)
Up to 30 days
Select personalised ads (TCF Purpose 4)
Up to 13 months
Measure ad performance (TCF Purpose 7)
Up to 13 months
Apply market research to generate audience insights (TCF Purpose 9)
Up to 45 days
Develop and improve products (TCF Purpose 10)
Up to 45 days
Ensure security, prevent fraud, and debug (TCF Special Purpose 1)
Up to 45 days
Technically deliver ads or content (TCF Special Purpose 2)
Up to 30 days
Linking different devices (TCF Feature 2)
The retention period will depend on the TCF Purpose pursued
Receiving and using automatically sent device characteristics for identification (TCF Feature 3)
The retention period will depend on the TCF Purpose pursued
Imported Data (Client)
:
Pseudonymised Information, which may include Online Data, and/or Offline Data that may be apportioned by Browsing Data, Attributes, Segments, Label Data and Interests.
Uploaded to the Quantcast platform or provided to us via an Application Programming Interface (“
API
”) by a particular Client for use on its behalf.
Create personalised ads profile (TCF Purpose 3)
Up to 30 days
Select personalised ads (TCF Purpose 4)
Up to 30 days
Apply market research to generate audience insights (TCF Purpose 9)
Up to 30 days
Develop and improve products (TCF Purpose 10)
Up to 30 days
Ensure security, prevent fraud, and debug (TCF Special Purpose 1)
Up to 30 days
Imported Data (Third Party/Segment)
:
Pseudonymised Information, which may include Online Data, and/or Offline Data that may be apportioned by Browsing Data, Attributes, Segments, Label Data and Interests.
Uploaded to the Quantcast platform or provided to us via an API by third-party Data Management Platforms or Data Providers.
Create personalised ads profile (TCF Purpose 3)
Up to 30 days
Select personalised ads (TCF Purpose 4)
Up to 30 days
Apply market research to generate audience insights (TCF Purpose 9)
Up to 30 days
Develop and improve products (TCF Purpose 10)
Up to 30 days
Ensure security, prevent fraud, and debug (TCF Special Purpose 1)
Up to 30 days
Inferences/Inferred Data
:
Information drawn from the above-listed categories of information (i.e., Event Data, Bid Request Data, Imported Data (Client), and Imported Data (Third Party/Segment)).
We may, for example, use information that we have collected to infer your interests, age, gender, marital status, or income range. These Inferences may include Interests and Attributes.
Derived by Quantcast from previously collected Event Data, Bid Request Data, Imported Data (Client), and/or Imported Data (Third Party/Segment).
Create personalised ads profile (TCF Purpose 3)
Up to 30 days
Select personalised ads (TCF Purpose 4)
Up to 30 days
Measure ad performance (TCF Purpose 7)
Up to 13 months
Measure content performance (TCF Purpose 8)
Up to 30 days
Apply market research to generate audience insights (TCF Purpose 9)
Up to 13 months
Develop and improve products (TCF Purpose 10)
Up to 13 months
Ensure security, prevent fraud, and debug (TCF Special Purpose 1)
Up to 13 months
Training Data
:
Pseudonymous Information used to improve Quantcast’s algorithms and measure how well they are working.
Received from third-party data providers and matched to Pseudonymous Identifiers.
Create personalised ads profile (TCF Purpose 3)
Up to 30 days
Measure content performance (TCF Purpose 8)
Up to 30 days
Apply market research to generate audience insights (TCF Purpose 9)
Up to 30 days
Develop and improve products (TCF Purpose 10)
Up to 30 days
Ensure security, prevent fraud, and debug (TCF Special Purpose 1)
Up to 30 days
Information you provide
:
This may include your contact details, (e.g., name, email address, or phone number) and any commentary or other information you provide when you contact Quantcast.
Provided by you when you contact Quantcast.
Carrying out our legitimate business purposes.
Retention Period: 18 months
Additionally, any of the categories of Personal Information described above may be Processed for the following purposes.
Establishing, bringing, or defending against complaints, legal claims (including threatened or anticipated legal claims), and regulatory inquiries
Categories of Personal Information and associated retention periods are determined by the underlying purpose for which the Personal Information is Processed.
Responding to legal requests
Complying with relevant laws and regulations
Conducting research
Hosting of Personal Information for above-listed purposes
Technically, all Personal Information is Processed in the course of being hosted on a server or in cloud computing service. Retention periods for each category of Personal Information Processed are disclosed above.
Sensitive information
: We generally do not seek or permit sensitive Personal Information (e.g., information revealing an individual’s racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership; genetic or biometric data that is Processed for the purpose of uniquely identifying an individual; information concerning an individual’s health, sex life, or sexual orientation; and information relating to criminal convictions and offenses) to be used in the Solutions. However, as allowed by applicable laws and rules, we may collect and Process non-sensitive health-related information (outside of the EEA, UK, and Switzerland) in connection with the delivery of the Solutions. We provide a list of standard health segments and a representative sample of custom health segments that we use for targeted advertising here. Please note that where we Process any of your sensitive Personal Information, we seek and obtain your consent and/or otherwise Process such information in accordance with applicable laws and rules.
Children’s information
: We do not seek or permit Personal Information from children under the age of 16. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with Personal Information, that parent or guardian should contact us at privacy [at] quantcast [dot] com. If we become aware that a child has provided us with Personal Information, we will take all reasonable steps to delete such information from our files.
Contractual commitments from our Clients and third-party Data Providers
: We contractually require other companies that provide or make available to us Personal Information to take steps to ensure that we can lawfully Process such information, which include: (i) posting complete and accurate privacy policies that comply with applicable laws and rules and describe their Personal Information collection, use, and sharing practices; (ii) obtaining all legally-required consents and necessary permissions; and (iii) providing individuals with appropriate choices and the ability to opt out of the Processing of their Personal Information, where necessary or appropriate.
Information use and legal basis
As described in the “
Who we are and what we do
” section, we generally use the TCF as the mechanism for describing our Processing activities, and in Europe specifically for establishing our legal basis for Processing and managing users’ preferences for online personalised advertising and related activities. The TCF is designed to allow a digital business to present information and choices to users on its website relating to the Processing of their Personal Information.
We Process Personal Information for the purposes for which it was collected or provided to us. The table below describes the specific purposes for which we Process the Personal Information we collect or otherwise obtain about you. This table includes:
the purposes for which Quantcast Processes Personal Information (which are tied to the defined purposes for Processing, special purposes, and features set forth in the
TCF Policies
and official technical documentation disseminated by IAB Europe where applicable),
a description of each Processing activity using TCF-specific terminology (to the extent applicable), and
the legal basis that we rely on to perform each of our Processing activities.
Please note that in Europe, where we indicate that “
Legitimate Interests
” in accordance with the GDPR is the legal basis for Processing, we carry out the Processing in reliance on our legitimate interests or those of a third party (e.g., our Clients), provided that such interests are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
Processing Purpose / TCF Purpose (where TCF is applicable)
Description of Processing Activity (using TCF Purpose terms)
Legal Basis
for Processing
Storing and/or accessing information on a device (TCF Purpose 1)
Cookies, Device Identifiers, or other information more fully described in association with the purposes below can be stored or accessed on your device for the purposes presented to you.
Consent
Selecting basic ads (TCF Purpose 2)
Ads can be shown to you based on the content you’re viewing, the app you’re using, your device’s Imprecise/Approximate Location Information, or your device type.
When selecting basic ads, Quantcast will:
Use real-time information about the context in which the ad will be shown, including information about the content and your device, such as: device type and capabilities, User Agent, URL, and IP Address
Use your device’s Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
Control the frequency of ads shown to you
Sequence the order in which ads are shown to you
Prevent an ad from serving in an unsuitable editorial (brand-unsafe) context
Consent or Legitimate Interests, depending on the choice of the Client that is using the TCF.
Where we rely on Legitimate Interests, we carry out the Processing to help our advertiser Clients meet their objectives of finding new customers and growing their brands through the delivery of relevant ads.
Creating a personalised ads profile (TCF Purpose 3)
A profile can be built about you and your Interests to show you personalised ads that are relevant to you.
To create or edit a profile for use in personalised advertising, Quantcast will:
Collect information about you, including your activity, visits to websites or mobile apps or streaming media, or Imprecise/Approximate Location Information
Aggregate Attributes and Interests and Panel-based demographic information,
Combine information with other information previously collected, including from across websites or mobile apps or streaming media
Consent
Selecting personalised ads (TCF Purpose 4)
When serving personalised ads, Quantcast will select personalised ads based on Personal Information collected from or about you, such as your prior activity, Interests, visits to websites or mobile apps or streaming media, Imprecise/Approximate Location Information, demographic information or Inferences.
Consent
Measuring ad performance (TCF Purpose 7)
Quantcast will measure the performance and effectiveness of ads that you see or interact with.
In particular, to measure whether and how ads were delivered to you and how you interacted with them, Quantcast will:
Provide reporting to Clients about ads, including their effectiveness and performance
Provide reporting to Clients about your interactions with ads using data observed during your interaction with the ad
Provide reporting to Clients about the ads displayed on their properties
Measure whether an ad is serving in a suitable editorial environment (brand-safe) context
Determine the percentage of the ad that had the opportunity to be seen and the duration of that opportunity
Combine this information with other information previously collected, including from across websites or mobile apps or streaming media
In the provision of the Solutions to some Clients, Quantcast may correlate information between entries within its own datasets that have the same Pseudonymous Identifier or with information obtained from Ad Serving, Ad Verification, or Data Management Platforms/Data Providers. We do this to provide aggregated reporting to Clients about the number of visitors to their digital properties.
Quantcast does not apply Panel or similarly derived Audience Insights data to ad measurement data without a separate legal basis to apply market research to generate Audience Insights.
Consent or Legitimate Interests, depending on the choice of the Client that is using the TCF.
Where we rely on Legitimate Interests, we carry out the Processing to help our advertiser Clients meet their objective of ascertaining, measuring, and improving the effectiveness of their ad campaigns.
Measuring content performance (TCF Purpose 8)
The performance and effectiveness of content that you see or interact with can be measured.
To measure content performance, Quantcast will:
Measure and report to Clients on how content was delivered to and interacted with by you
Provide reporting to Clients, using directly measurable or known information about your interactions with the content
Combine this information with other information previously collected, including from across visits to websites or mobile apps or streaming media
Consent or Legitimate Interests, depending on the choice of the Client that is using the TCF.
Where we rely on Legitimate Interests, we carry out the Processing to help our Clients meet their objective of executing their digital content strategies more effectively.
Applying market research to generate Audience Insights (TCF Purpose 9)
Market research can be used to learn more about the Audiences who visit websites/mobile apps and view ads.
To generate Audience Insights, Quantcast will:
Provide aggregate reporting to advertisers or their representatives (such as advertising agencies) about the Audiences reached by their ads, through Panel-based and similarly derived insights
Provide aggregate reporting to Clients about the Audiences that were served or interacted with content and/or ads on their properties by applying Panel-based and similarly derived insights
Associate Offline Data with you for the purposes of market research to generate Audience Insights (if we have declared that we will match and combine Offline Data sources)
Combine this information with other information previously collected, including from visits to websites or mobile apps or streaming media
Consent or Legitimate Interests, depending on the choice of the Client that is using the TCF.
Where we rely on Legitimate Interests, we carry out the Processing to help our Clients meet their objectives of finding new customers and growing their brands through the delivery of relevant ads and/or executing their digital content strategies more effectively.
Developing and improving products (TCF Purpose 10 )
Your information can be used to improve Quantcast’s existing systems and software and to develop new products.
To develop and improve its products, Quantcast will:
Use information to improve its existing products with new features and to develop new products
Create new models and algorithms through machine learning
For example, Quantcast matches its datasets with Training Data, which usually includes Event Data, Bid Request Data, Imported Data (Client), and/or Imported Data (Third Party/Segment). Quantcast primarily uses Training Data to train its algorithms how to infer individuals’ Attributes and
Interests
in the context of the Solutions.
Consent or Legitimate Interest, depending on the choice of the Client that is using the TCF.
Where we rely on Legitimate Interests, we carry out the Processing to meet our organisational objective of continuously improving the Solutions for our Clients.
Ensuring security, preventing fraud, and debugging (TCF Special Purpose 1)
Your information can be used to monitor for and prevent fraudulent activity and ensure our systems and processes work properly and securely.
To ensure security, prevent fraud, and debug, Quantcast will:
Ensure information is securely transmitted
Detect and prevent malicious, fraudulent, invalid, or illegal activity
Ensure correct and efficient operation of systems and processes, including monitoring and enhancing the performance of systems and processes engaged in permitted purposes
Legitimate Interests
We conduct the Processing to meet organizational objectives such as to maintain our IT systems; to ensure the electronic security of our business; and to detect and prevent against malicious, fraudulent, invalid, and illegal activity.
Technically deliver ads or content (TCF Special Purpose 2)
Your device can receive and send information that allows you to see and interact with ads and content.
To deliver information and respond to technical requests, Quantcast will:
Use your device’s IP Address to deliver an ad or content over the internet
Respond to your interactions with an ad or content by sending you to a landing page
Use information about your device type and capabilities for delivering ads or content (e.g., to deliver the right size ad creative or video file in a format supported by your device)
Quantcast may also match Pseudonymous Identifiers with third parties in order to deliver ads to Audiences.
Legitimate Interests
We carry out the Processing to help our advertiser Clients meet their objective to ascertain, measure, and improve the effectiveness of their ad campaigns.
Matching and combining offline data sources (TCF Feature 1)
Offline Data can be combined with your online activity in support of one or more purposes or special purposes outlined in this table.
The legal basis will depend on the TCF Purpose pursued.
Linking different devices (TCF Feature 2)
Different devices can be determined as belonging to you or your household in support of one or more purposes.
Through Cross-Media Matching/Linking, Quantcast will:
Deterministically determine that two or more devices belong to you or your household
Probabilistically determine that two or more devices belong to you or your household
The legal basis will depend on the TCF Purpose pursued.
Receiving and using automatically sent device characteristics for identification (TCF Feature 3)
Your device will be distinguished from other devices based on information it automatically sends, such as IP Address or browser type.
In particular, Quantcast will:
Create an identifier using information collected automatically from your device for specific characteristics (e.g., IP Address or User Agent information)
Use such an identifier to attempt to re-identify your device
The legal basis will depend on the TCF Purpose pursued.
Establishing, bringing, or defending against complaints, legal claims (including threatened or anticipated legal claims), and regulatory inquiries
We Process, preserve, and share Personal Information when we seek legal advice or seek to protect ourselves in the context of litigation and other disputes.
Legitimate Interests
We carry out the Processing to meet our objective of protecting ourselves and others, including in connection with investigations, litigation, and regulatory inquiries.
Responding to legal requests
We preserve and share Personal Information in response to legal requests from law enforcement and other government officials, to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process, and when we believe in good faith that disclosure of such information is necessary to comply with a judicial proceeding or court order.
Legitimate Interests
We carry out the Processing to meet our objective of protecting ourselves and others, including in connection with investigations and regulatory inquiries.
Complying with relevant laws and regulations
We Process Personal Information to comply with our legal obligations under applicable law.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to Process Personal Information we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters
: where we are in receipt of a court order to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters
Criminal matters
: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006 or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required
Consumer matters
: to comply with our obligations under consumer law, such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014 (e.g., where the Irish Competition and Consumer Protection Commission requests information)
Corporate and taxation matters
: to comply with our obligations under company legislation and tax law, such as the Companies Act 2014 or where the Irish Revenue requests information
Regulatory matters
: to comply with our obligations under data protection laws, including to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the GDPR and the Data Protection Act 2018
See
here
for the current list of laws which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Quantcast which results in the Processing of Personal Information. As new laws may be enacted or other obligations may require us to Process your Personal Information, we will update this list from time to time.
Compliance with a legal obligation.
Conducting research
We use Personal Information to conduct research, surveys, product testing, and troubleshooting to help us operate and improve our products and services.
Legitimate Interests
We carry out the Processing to meet our organisational objective of delivering and continuously improving the Solutions for our Clients.
Hosting information
We Process Personal Information to manage our business, which includes hosting Personal Information in our on-premise data centers and/or cloud computing services.
Legitimate Interests
We carry out the Processing to meet our organisational objective of delivering the Solutions to our Clients.
Information sharing
In connection with one or more of the purposes outlined in the “
Information use and legal basis
” section above, we may share your Personal Information with the categories of third parties described below.
Category of Recipient
Description and Purpose of Sharing
Categories of
Personal Information
Shared
Quantcast-affiliated companies
We share your Personal Information with Quantcast-affiliated companies in order to provide the Solutions.
All or certain categories of Personal Information are shared only as necessary or appropriate.
Our vendors (including service providers/data processors)
Visit the
Quantcast Partners
page for a list of our vendors.
We share your Personal Information with vendors who act on our behalf and are subject to binding contractual obligations and restrictions on the Processing of Personal Information we share with them. For example, these companies assist with information hosting, information Processing, database management, and administrative tasks.
All or certain categories of Personal Information are shared only as necessary or appropriate.
Our partners, such as Data Management Platforms and Data Providers and Advertising Exchanges
Visit the
Quantcast Partners
page for a list of our Partners
We share Pseudonymous Identifiers with companies that we partner with to support the operation of the Solutions. Specifically, Quantcast shares Pseudonymous Identifiers with 1) data providers via Data Management Platforms for the purpose of performing Cookie Syncing/Matches with Imported Data (Client) and Third Party/Segment Data, and 2) and Advertising Exchanges for the purpose of serving ads.
Pseudonymous Identifiers.
Relevant third parties as part of a corporate transaction
In the event of a reorganisation, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets, or stock (including in connection with a bankruptcy or similar proceeding), we may share your Personal Information with (or transfer your Personal Information to) certain third parties, such as the acquiring entity and its advisors. We may also make certain information available to a potential investor or purchaser (and their advisers) in advance of any such transaction’s completion.
All or certain categories of Personal Information are shared only as necessary or appropriate.
Competent governmental and public authorities
We may share your Personal Information with governmental and law enforcement authorities, in each case to comply with legal or regulatory obligations or requests.
All or certain categories of Personal Information are shared only as necessary or appropriate.
Other third parties
We will share your Personal Information with other third parties at your direction or with your consent.
Additionally, we may share your Personal Information as necessary or appropriate or where otherwise permitted by law to:
Enforce our agreements
Protect our operations
Protect our rights, privacy, safety, property, and/or those of other persons
Allow us to pursue available remedies or limit damages that we may sustain
All or certain categories of Personal Information are shared only as necessary or appropriate.
We also create and share with our Clients insights or reports regarding the makeup of the Audiences that visit their digital properties or the performance of their advertising campaigns. These insights and reports may contain aggregated data from which individual users cannot be uniquely identified or data from which Quantcast has removed Pseudonymous Identifiers.
Information security
We employ appropriate organisational and technical security safeguards designed to keep Personal Information secure when it is transmitted to us and once we receive it. These measures may include encryption and employment of information storage security technologies to restrict access to our network. However, please be aware that no method of transmitting information over the internet or storing information is completely secure.
Information retention
We retain your Personal Information for as long as necessary for the purposes for which it was collected, as described in the “
Information Collection
” section above, except where we are required to retain the information for a longer period of time. Once Personal Information has reached its retention period, as applicable, we may either de-identify it (for CCPA purposes), anonymise it (for GDPR purposes) or permanently delete it.
International transfers
Quantcast operates a global service, and we engage vendors located around the world to help us deliver the Solutions. Accordingly, your Personal Information may be transferred outside of the country or region in which you reside, including to the United States and other countries where either our data centers, vendors, affiliates, or Partners are located. Where we transfer your Personal Information internationally, we do so in accordance with applicable law.
If you are based in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland, please note that we may need to transfer your Personal Information to countries that have not been recognised by the
European Commision
and/or the
UK government
as providing an adequate level of protection for Personal Information. We generally use EU Standard Contractual Clauses (to facilitate both controller-to-controller and controller-to-processor transfers) or other government-approved contracts that provide appropriate safeguards for Personal Information that is transferred to countries that have not been recognised as providing an adequate level of protection. You can contact us at privacy@quantcast.com to request a copy of our Standard Contractual Clauses.
In certain limited circumstances, we rely on other lawful mechanisms for international transfers of Personal Information or rely on derogations, such as the contractual necessity derogation.
Additional disclosures for EEA, UK, and Switzerland residents
If you are located in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland, please note that the Solutions are provided by our European entity, Quantcast International Limited. In Processing Personal Information in the context of providing the Solutions to our Clients, Quantcast Internal Limited generally acts as a data controller. More specifically, Quantcast International Limited is a joint controller along with its Client when we jointly determine the purposes for which your Personal Information will be Processed. For example, we are joint controllers with Advertisers and Publishers for Personal Information that is collected as Quantcast Cookies, or using Pixels, Tags and SDKs deployed by our Clients on their digital properties, and for the Processing of other Personal Information introduced into the Solutions directly by the Client. This is because both Quantcast and the Client have influence over whether and how we collect and Process the Personal Information. In limited situations, Quantcast is the sole data controller of Personal Information when we are Processing it for our own independent purposes, for instance when we use a Quantcast Pseudonymous Identifier or we derive aggregated analytics for modeling, developing our algorithms, or improving the Solutions.
Your choices and legal rights
Under applicable law, you may have certain rights in relation to your Personal Information. Additional details about the rights that you may have and how to exercise such rights can be found below.
Right of access
:
The right to request access to your Personal Information and receive certain information, including the categories of your Personal Information we collect and disclose. To exercise this right, see our request form
here
.
Right of rectification/correction
: The right to request that we rectify (or correct) inaccurate Personal Information about you. In practice, if you seek to exercise your right of rectification/correction, due to the limited Personal Information we Process, we satisfy this right by providing you with the option to request deletion of your Personal Information. To request the deletion of your Personal Information, see our request form
here
.
Right of erasure/deletion
: The right, in certain cases, to request that we delete your Personal Information, provided there are valid grounds for doing so and subject to applicable law and exceptions. To exercise this right, see our request form
here
.
Right to data portability
: The right, in certain cases, to receive a copy of your Personal Information in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and transmit such information to another controller. To exercise this right, see our request form
here
.
Right to object (marketing)
: The right to object to the Processing of your Personal Information for direct marketing purposes. In practice, we satisfy this right by providing you with the option to opt out of our Processing of your Personal Information for advertising purposes. To exercise this right, see our opt-out page
here
. Additionally, as noted in the “
Self Regulatory Standards
” section above, we are a member of the NAI and a DAA and EDAA participating company. Each of these self-regulatory bodies offers a tool that allows individuals to opt out of receiving targeted advertising from Quantcast and other participating companies. These links will take you to the
NAI opt-out
page and the
DAA opt-out
page. If you are located in Europe, you may prefer to visit the
EDAA opt-out
page.
Right to object (legitimate interests)
: The right to object to the Processing of your Personal Information where we Process it on the basis of our legitimate interests, as described in the “
Information Use and Legal Bases
” section above. Unless we have compelling legitimate grounds or the information is needed for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, we will cease Processing your Personal Information when you object. To exercise this right, see our opt-out page
here
.
Right to restrict Processing
: The right, in certain cases, to temporarily restrict our Processing of your Personal Information, provided there are valid grounds for doing so. In practice, if you seek to exercise your right to restrict the Processing of your Personal Information, we will treat it as an exercise of the right on an ongoing, rather than temporary, basis (i.e., the request will be treated as you exercising the right to object to the Processing of your Personal Information). To exercise this right, see our opt-out page
here
.
Right to withdraw your consent
: The right to withdraw the consent you have provided at any time, where we Process your Personal Information on the basis of your consent. Please note that the lawfulness of any Processing undertaken prior to your withdrawal of consent shall not be affected by the withdrawal. To exercise this right, see our opt-out page
here
.
Right to lodge a complaint
:
The right to complain to the relevant authority regarding the Processing of your Personal Information by us or on our behalf. In the EU, the lead supervisory authority is the
Irish Data Protection Commissioner.
See the section “
Contact Us
” below.
Please note that the rights listed above may not be exercised in certain circumstances, such as when the Processing of your Personal Information is necessary to comply with a legal obligation to which we are subject or for the exercise or defense of legal claims. Additionally, in order to protect your privacy, we may require proof of your identity before we can act on your request but only where it is necessary and proportionate to request this information.
If you are based in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland and have issues or questions about the above-listed rights, you may contact our European Data Protection Officer via
dpo@quantcast.com
.
If you are based in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland, under applicable law, you also generally have the right not to be subject to a decision when it is based on automated Processing (i.e., an operation that is performed without any human intervention), if it produces a legal effect (i.e., impacts your legal rights) or significantly affects you in a similar way (e.g., significantly affects your financial circumstances or ability to access essential goods or services). Please note, however, that Quantcast does not make decisions based solely on automated Processing that produce a legal effect or similarly significantly affect individuals.
California privacy rights
The California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”) provides California residents with certain rights. Pursuant to the CCPA, we are providing the following additional details regarding the categories of Personal Information about California residents that we collect, use, and disclose.
Categories of personal information collected
: We have collected the following categories of Personal Information from California residents within the last twelve (12) months:
Identifiers
, such as IP Address and other similar Pseudonymous Identifiers.
Internet or other electronic network activity information
, including browsing history and information regarding individuals’ interactions with websites or mobile apps or streaming media.
Geolocation data
, such as Imprecise/Approximate Location Information derived from device IP Addresses.
Inferences
, which refers to inferences drawn from any of the information in these categories of Personal Information to predict the individual’s characteristics.
Categories of sources of personal information
: As described in the “
Information collection
”
section above, we collect the above-listed categories of Personal Information directly from individuals; through automated means (e.g. Pixels, Tags and SDKs, Cookies or Bid Requests); and from third parties (e.g., our Clients).
Disclosures of personal information
: As described in the “
Information sharing
” section above, in the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed Personal Information about California residents in all of the above-listed categories of Personal Information to our affiliates and vendors. Additionally, in the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed Identifiers to our partners.
Sale of personal information
: Quantcast does not “sell” (as defined in the CCPA) Personal Information and has not “sold” Personal Information in the preceding twelve (12) months in relation to operating the Solutions.
Individual rights and requests
: If you are a California resident, you have the right to request that we:
Disclose to you the following information covering the 12 months preceding your request:
the categories of Personal Information we have collected about you and the categories of sources from which we collected such information;
the specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you;
the business or commercial purpose for collecting Personal Information about you;
the categories of third parties with whom we shared or to whom we disclosed such Personal Information; and
if we sold or disclosed your Personal Information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
sales, identifying the Personal Information categories that each category of recipient received; and
disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the Personal Information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Delete the
Per
s
onal Information
we have collected from you.
We will not discriminate against you if you decide to exercise your rights under the CCPA.
If you are interested in exercising one or more of the rights outlined above, please click the relevant link in the
“Your choices and legal rights”
section above. You may also submit requests by contacting us via email at privacy [at] quantcast [dot] com. We will attempt to verify your identity and respond to your request consistent with the CCPA.
If you authorise a natural person or business entity to submit a request on your behalf (an “
Authorised Agent
”), the Authorised Agent may use the submission methods noted above. As part of our verification process, we will require proof concerning their status as an Authorised Agent, which may include proof of their registration with the California Secretary of State to conduct business in California and/or proof that they have power of attorney in accordance with California probate law. We may also require you to verify your identity directly with us or directly confirm with us that you provided the agent with permission to submit the request.
Information about annual data requests is available
here
.
Contact us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our information handling practices, please feel free to contact us.
Individuals located in the United States, please contact us at:
Quantcast Corp.
795 Folsom Street
San Francisco, CA 94107
Email: privacy [at] quantcast [dot] com
Individuals located outside of the United States, please contact us at:
Quantcast International Limited
Beaux Lane House
Lower Mercer Street
Dublin 2, Ireland
Email: privacy.qil [at] quantcast [dot] com
The Data Protection Officer (DPO) for Quantcast International Limited can be contacted at
dpo@quantcast.com
.
If you have contacted us or our DPO about a privacy or information use concern and feel that we have not addressed it satisfactorily, you may contact our US-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
If you are a resident of the EEA, UK, or Switzerland, you also have the right to lodge a complaint against us with our lead supervisory authority, the
Irish Data Protection Commission
, or the
supervisory authority
in your country of residence.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes in our practices with respect to the collection, use, and/or disclosure of Personal Information or changes in applicable law. The “Last Updated” date at the top of this page indicates when this Privacy Policy was last updated. Any changes will become effective when we post a revised version of this Privacy Policy unless otherwise specified.
Some of our changes will be minor, but if we make significant changes to how we use or share your Personal Information, we will:
inform you in advance by posting a notice on our website
wait for a period of time before implementing the changes
We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to remain informed about our information handling and privacy practices.
Effective March 6th 2025
Download
Table of Contents
QUANTCAST BUYER TERMS
Last Updated: March 6, 2025
If Company has an active, duly executed contract for one or more of the Services, that existing agreement will govern Company’s use of such Services within the scope of such agreement instead of these Quantcast Buyer Terms (“
Agreement
”).
This Agreement is a legally binding contract between Quantcast and Company. “
Company
” means (A) when an individual accepts this Agreement on his or her own behalf, such individual, or (B) when an individual accepts this Agreement on behalf of a company or other legal entity, that company or legal entity. “
Quantcast
” means (X) Quantcast Corp. if Company is domiciled in the United States, (Y) Quantcast Australia Pty. Ltd. if Company is domiciled in any country or territory located in the Asia Pacific (APAC) region and (Z) Quantcast International Limited if Company is domiciled in any other country or territory.
Quantcast may modify this Agreement. Quantcast will notify Company by making the revised version available on this page or an identified successor page, and an updated revision date will indicate that changes have been made. If Company does not accept the changes, Company must stop using the Services. Company’s continued use of the Services after Quantcast publishes changes means that Company consents to the updates.
1.
Incorporated Terms
This Agreement incorporates the following additional terms (“
Incorporated Terms
”), as updated from time to time:
Quantcast Campaign Policy
(“
Campaign Policy
”)
Privacy Implementation for Quantcast Buyers
(“
Privacy Implementation
”)
US State Data Privacy Addendum
, to the extent the Services include processing Personal Information subject to U.S. State Privacy Laws (as defined in such Addendum) (“
DPA
”)
International Data Privacy Addendum
, to the extent that the Services include processing Personal Data subject to International Privacy Laws (as defined in such Addendum) (also “
DPA
”)
Any applicable
Additional Terms
(defined below)
2.
Services
2.1. “
Services
” means the Quantcast platform (“
Platform
”) and, to the extent provided by Quantcast under this Agreement, Campaign Tags, Platform Data, and any other services provided by Quantcast. The Services may permit Company to purchase ad placements on third-party media (e.g., webpages, apps, video, and other content/properties) (“
Inventory
”) that are made available by third-party providers (“
Inventory Providers
”) and Third-Party Services (defined below). For clarity, the “Services” do not include Inventory or Third-Party Services.
2.2. Some Services may be subject to different or additional terms (“
Additional Terms
”) that are described on the Additional Terms page linked above, in the Platform or otherwise made available to Company in writing. Unless the parties agree in writing for Quantcast to provide campaign management services or professional services, the Services do not include those services.
3.
Accounts and Authorized Users
3.1. Company will ensure its account information is accurate and current. Company will promptly notify Quantcast of any accidental disclosure or unauthorized use of Company access credentials. Quantcast
may review and, if needed, correct, the information and setup associated with Company’s account and Authorized Users. Company must obtain Quantcast’s prior written consent before adding third-party Authorized Users (i.e., non-employees) and Quantcast may require such third-party Authorized Users to enter into separate terms with Quantcast.
3.2. “
Authorized User
” means an individual authorized by Company to use Company’s account on the Platform. Each Authorized User must use unique access credentials. Company is solely responsible for all Authorized Users, the level of permissioning of each Authorized User, and all activity under its account, including the confidentiality of all access credentials. Without limiting the foregoing, Company will immediately notify Quantcast of any accidental disclosure or unauthorized use of any access credentials. Company will ensure that all Authorized Users use Company’s account solely on behalf of Company, and are aware of, and comply with, this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, Company is liable for any breach of this Agreement by any Authorized User.
4.
Company Clients
If Company is using the Services on behalf of third-party clients (“
Clients
”), Company represents and warrants that it has all rights and authorizations needed to do so. Company will only use the Services for Clients with which Company has a direct written agency agreement and will obligate its Clients to comply with this Agreement, including the Incorporated Terms. Company is responsible for the actions and/or inactions of Clients and for ensuring their compliance.
5.
Fees and Payment
5.1. Fees will be provided in the Platform or by other written means.
5.2. Unless Quantcast approves a different payment arrangement in writing, Company authorizes Quantcast to charge amounts owed under this Agreement to Company’s credit card, via automatic ACH, or such other similar payment method, at Quantcast’s option. Company will provide its most current credit card and/or other information required to complete payment, and keep such information updated if it changes. For the avoidance of doubt, if Company makes credit card, wire transfer or ACH payments or such other similar payment method, Company agrees to the applicable third-party terms as set forth in the Additional Terms. If Quantcast authorizes Company to pay invoices in arrears, Company will pay invoices within thirty (30) days of the invoice date. Quantcast may revise Company’s credit limit or require prepayment at any time in its sole discretion. Quantcast may charge interest at a rate of 2% per month (or the legal maximum, whichever is lower) for late payments. Company is responsible for reasonable out-of-pocket costs that Quantcast incurs to collect unpaid invoices. All payment obligations are non-cancelable and all amounts paid for Services provided are non-refundable. If Company requires a purchase order to make payments, Company will include the corresponding purchase order number in the Platform. All amounts due must be paid without setoff or deduction.
5.3. Company is solely responsible for all amounts due for any Third-Party Services that Company opts to use. Company acknowledges that any charges for Third-Party Services shown in the Platform or otherwise provided by Quantcast are based on the information Quantcast receives from the third parties and are subject to the final amounts charged by such third parties.
5.4. Quantcast is the system of record and is solely responsible for calculating all metrics related to the Services, including all amounts owed under this Agreement. Company acknowledges that all metrics, fees and other amounts shown in Platform are preliminary and final amounts will be as confirmed, invoiced or billed by Quantcast.
5.5. All charges under this Agreement are exclusive of all taxes and duties, if any. Company is responsible for and must pay all sales and use or other transactional taxes and duties including interest and penalty imposed on the amounts charged hereunder, or from the performance of this Agreement for which Quantcast issues an invoice. Company will promptly reimburse Quantcast for any such tax or duty and indemnify Quantcast and hold Quantcast harmless for any such taxes and duties that Quantcast must pay to a tax authority for which Company is responsible. If Company claims a tax exemption, Company must provide Quantcast with appropriate exemption certificates or documentation charges (including, without limitation, VAT or GST) acceptable to tax authorities.
6.
Services License and Requirements
6.1. Company may use the Services solely as set forth in this Agreement. Subject to this Agreement, Quantcast grants Company a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, and non-sublicensable license to
(a) access and use the Services on a self-serve basis, and (b) use the Platform Data presented via the Services solely for the purpose of using the Services.
6.2. Company will obtain all rights necessary to perform tracking and analytics, and store and serve the advertisements (“
Ads
”) associated with Company’s campaigns (“
Campaigns
”). Company will not use the Services with Ads, Company Media, other content or products or services that violate any applicable laws, regulations, third-party rights, or this Agreement including the Incorporated Terms. If Company asks Quantcast to take actions on behalf of Company or otherwise assist with Company’s use of the Services, Company consents to the actions and/or inactions that Quantcast takes on its behalf and retains sole responsibility for such assisted use of the Services.
6.3. Company will not: (a) attempt to circumvent any Services security measure, (b) share its access credentials, (c) grant direct or indirect access to the Services to any third-party (other than an Authorized User of a Client, if applicable), (d) reproduce, distribute, modify, prepare derivative works of, translate, reverse engineer, reverse compile, or disassemble the Services, including Platform Data, (e) introduce viruses or other malware into the Services or to end users, (f) share reports generated by the Services with any third-party (other than the relevant Client who is obligated to treat such reports confidentially) or (g) use information collected during the course of Campaigns (e.g., via Company’s own tag, third party tags, etc.) outside Company’s use of the Services, including to create or enrich profiles of individual end users, including regarding third-party media (e.g., webpages, apps, video and other content/properties) that the end users have visited or the content or general interest area of such media. For example, Company may not create an audience of a particular publisher’s end users based on information derived or obtained by using the Services.
6.4. For the avoidance of doubt, Quantcast may collect analytics information about its customers’ use of the Services (e.g., how Authorized Users engage with the Platform user interface, etc.) for purposes of understanding how its customers use the Services and providing, customizing, and improving the Services.
6.5. Quantcast reserves the right but not the obligation to place the AdChoices icon (or a similar icon) on Ads that do not already include such icon.
6.6. Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, neither party grants the other party any rights, express or implied, and each party reserves all rights. If Company provides Quantcast with feedback regarding the Services, Company hereby grants Quantcast a perpetual, irrevocable, fully paid up right and license to such feedback, without accounting, attribution, or compensation to Company.
7.
Data Issues
7.1. Data Definitions
:
7.1.1. “
Aggregated Data
” means generalized, combined data from numerous campaigns of multiple Quantcast customers, including Company, that concerns campaign parameters, goals, or performance results of such campaigns and that does not permit identification of Company or any other Quantcast customer of the Services.
7.1.2. “
Campaign Data
” means the campaign-related reporting data generated in the course of the Services and provided to Company under this Agreement, such as Campaign performance reports. For the avoidance of doubt, Campaign Data does not include Tag Data.
7.1.3. “
Campaign Tag
” means a tag, pixel or other element provided by Quantcast to Company for Company or Clients to place on Company Media to enable the collection of Tag Data under this Agreement. For clarity, the term “Campaign Tags” does not refer to any ad serving tags or Measure tags provided by Quantcast (i.e., if Company elects to use Quantcast ad serving or Quantcast Measure).
7.1.4. “
Company Data
” means all information and materials that are onboarded to Company’s account in the Platform, whether directly or via a third-party (e.g., an onboarding service provider).
Without limiting the foregoing, Company Data includes all Campaign parameters (the data entered into the Platform for a Campaign such as name, budget, targeting strategy, etc.), Tag Data and any data onboarded by or on behalf of Company (e.g., first and/or third-party audiences). Company Data is a subset of Company’s Confidential Information.
7.1.5. “
Company Media
” means the Ads, websites, apps and other digital properties and content on which Company or Clients place Campaign Tags.
7.1.6. “
Model
” means the predictive profile of shared attributes and characteristics of a group of end users that Company desires to reach in a Campaign, created algorithmically by deriving observations from Company Data and Platform Data. For the avoidance of doubt, Models do not include any data at individual end user level or any end user-level identifiers that may be used to distinguish one end user from another end user (such as an end user ID or IP address).
7.1.7. “
Platform Data
” means the data residing in the Platform or otherwise generated or used in connection with the Services that does not constitute Company Data or Campaign Data, including Aggregated Data, Models, and third-party data (“
Third-Party Data
”). Some Platform Data may be presented to Company in the Platform user interface while other Platform Data may be used by the Platform on the back end (i.e., behind the scenes) to provide the Services. Platform Data is a subset of Quantcast’s Confidential Information.
7.1.8. “
Tag Data
” means the data collected via Campaign Tags.
7.2.
Company Data
: As between the parties, Company Data is the exclusive property of Company and/or the applicable Client. As to all Company Data (whether provided by Company, Client or a third-party on Company’s or a Client’s behalf), Company represents and warrants that it has sufficient rights to provide Company Data for use by Quantcast in compliance with this Agreement. Quantcast may use Company Data solely in compliance with the DPAs (including to create Models for Company, deliver Campaigns and create audience insights, etc.). Quantcast will not share Company
Data with any third-party except to the extent that Company requests third-party services that utilize Company Data (e.g., third-party measurement), Company Data is included as a customary field in the data accessible to Inventory Providers and other technical service providers (e.g., bidstream and reporting data) or as otherwise authorized by Company. In addition, Quantcast may use non- Company-identifiable inferences made from Tag Data to produce, and as contained in, the Aggregated Data.
7.3.
Platform Data
: As between the parties, Platform Data is the exclusive property of Quantcast (or its third-party partners). Company may use Platform Data (whether directly, to the extent presented to Company in the Platform, or indirectly, to the extent used by the Platform to enable the Services) solely internally and solely for the purpose of using the Services as described in this Agreement. As to any Platform Data that Company can access and export using the self-serve features of the Platform, Company will not share such Platform Data with any third-party except, if applicable, Company’s Client(s) that such Platform Data pertains to and/or third-party service providers who are each under confidentiality restrictions, and subject to the terms of this Agreement
.
If Quantcast provides Company with Platform Data outside the self-serve features of the Platform (e.g., further detail about available audiences, etc.), such Platform Data is subject to any applicable Additional Terms. Company will not attempt to extract or recreate any Third-Party Data or other Platform Data that is not readily accessible via the normal functionality presented in the Platform or assemble similar data or audience segments itself (directly or indirectly through a third-party) on the basis of Third-Party Data or other Platform Data or information derived from the use of such data under this Agreement.
7.4.
Campaign Data
: Company may use Campaign Data for its internal business purposes provided that (a) it complies with its privacy policy, (b) it complies with the terms of this Agreement, and (c) it does not disclose Campaign Data to any third-party except, if applicable, Company’s Client(s) that such Campaign Data pertains to and/or third-party service providers who are each under confidentiality restrictions, and subject to the terms of this Agreement. Quantcast may use Campaign Data (i) to provide the Services, and (ii) within a customary field in the data accessible to Inventory Providers and other technical service providers (e.g., bidstream and reporting data) or as otherwise authorized by Company.
7.5.
Models
: Models reside solely within the Platform and are not directly accessible to Company. Company’s license above includes the ability to use Models as an integrated part of the Services, solely for the purpose of selecting and gaining insights about the end users that Company wishes to reach with its Campaigns. Quantcast will not share Models generated for the purpose of Company’s Campaigns with other customers.
7.6.
Client Data
: Upon request from a Client (or an authorized third party on Client’s behalf, including Company), Quantcast is authorized to use the Client Data associated with such Client in accordance with such request (including sharing such Client Data with another entity within the Quantcast Platform). For clarity, “
Client Data
” means the (i) Tag Data from Client websites, apps and/or other digital properties; and (ii) Quantcast’s proprietary analysis of such data. Client Data does not include any predictive models or data segments created using the Tag Data or any Campaign Data generated from Campaigns delivered using such Client Data.
7.7.
No Off-Platform Use
: Company will not use the Services, the Campaign Data, or any information derived from the Services, Models or Campaign Data to create or enrich profiles of individual end users or to retarget any end user except via the Services.
8.
Compliance and Privacy
8.1. Each party will comply with all applicable laws and regulations (Quantcast in its provision of the Services in the form provided by Quantcast and Company in its use of the Services), including Applicable Privacy Laws and applicable self-regulatory principles, such as the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising (“
DAA
”) or the Network Advertising Initiative Code of Conduct (“
NAI
”). “
Applicable Privacy Laws
” means US State Privacy Laws and International Privacy Laws (defined in the linked DPAs). Company will comply with the Incorporated Terms.
8.2. Company will not use the Service or any Third Party Service with any (a) Direct Identifiers, any special or sensitive categories of personal data as defined by Applicable Privacy Laws, including by placing Campaign Tags on Ads or Company Media whose content reveals special or sensitive categories of personal data of an end user, or personal data relating to criminal offenses or criminal convictions; or
(b) any data of children, including by placing Campaign Tags on Ads or Company Media directed at children; or (c) data related to any end user that has requested deletion or opted out (collectively, “
Prohibited Data
”). “
Direct Identifier
” means any information that identifies a particular individual without additional information, including name, address, mobile number, email address, financial account number or government-issued identifier. Direct Identifiers do not include pseudonymous identifiers such as IP address, cookie ID and certain hashed identifiers (e.g., email addresses that have been encoded using a cryptographic hashing function to obfuscate the email). For purposes of this Agreement, “
children
” refers to anyone age 16 or under or such other age specified by Applicable Privacy Laws under which the processing of personal information is prohibited or requires opt-in or parental consent.
8.3. Company represents and warrants that it is not a covered entity under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”), and does not have equivalent status under comparable local or international laws and regulations. If Company is using the Services on behalf of Clients, Company represents and warrants that Clients are not covered entities under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”), and do not have equivalent status under comparable local or international laws and regulations.
9.
Third-Party Services
9.1. If Company uses any third-party branded product or service in connection with the Services (including Third-Party Data made available for use via the Services) (“
Third-Party Service
”), the following additional terms apply.
9.2. Company is solely responsible for complying with any applicable third-party terms and requirements. For Third-Party Services offered via the Platform, such third-party terms and requirements may be provided in the Platform, the Additional Terms, otherwise by Quantcast or by the third-party.
9.3. Quantcast is not responsible for Third-Party Services and makes no representations as to such services, including their privacy practices. Quantcast cannot guarantee continued availability or pricing of Third-Party Services and may stop enabling access to them without liability. Company may be required to register for or log into Third-Party Services on their respective websites or to share Company Data with Third-Party Services (e.g., services requiring data integration).
10.
Marketing, Publicity
Quantcast may include Company’s name and logo in descriptions of Quantcast’s partners on its website, in media, in promotional materials, and in the Platform. Company will not use Quantcast’s name or logo without prior written permission. All goodwill from the use of Quantcast’s name or logo inures to Quantcast. Neither party will make a press release or any other public statement about this Agreement without the other party’s prior agreement.
11.
Confidentiality
“
Confidential Information
” means information that the disclosing party identifies as confidential or the receiving party should reasonably understand to be confidential given the circumstances of the disclosure and the nature of the information. Confidential Information does not include information that the receiving party can demonstrate: (a) it knew without restriction before receipt from the disclosing party, (b) is publicly available through no fault of the receiving party, (c) it rightfully received from a third-party without a duty of confidentiality, or (d) is independently developed without use of or reference to Confidential Information. The receiving party may use Confidential Information only to fulfill its obligations under this Agreement and must use at least reasonable care to prevent any unauthorized use or disclosure of Confidential Information, but in any event no less stringent a standard than receiving party applies to its own Confidential Information. The receiving party may share Confidential Information with its employees, agents and contractors who need to know it, as long as they are bound to confidentiality obligations that are consistent with this Agreement, provided that the receiving party shall remain solely responsible for their compliance with this Agreement. If compelled to do so by law, the receiving party may disclose Confidential Information as long as it provides reasonable prior notice to the disclosing party (unless legally prohibited). For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Agreement prohibits Quantcast from using and sharing high level data that is compiled and summarized from the combination of Campaign Data with equivalent data generated by campaigns of other Quantcast customers, that does not allow identification of Company or Clients. Company will delete all Quantcast Confidential Information promptly upon termination of this Agreement.
12.
Indemnity
12.1. Quantcast shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Company and its directors, officers, employees and agents, and their respective successors, heirs and assigns (“
Company Parties
”) against any claim, liability, damage, loss or expense (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs) (“
Liabilities
”) incurred by the Company Parties in connection with any third-party claim (including any regulatory or governmental action) (“
Claim
”) that Quantcast’s proprietary technology that provides the Services, in the form provided by Quantcast, infringes any patent or other third-party intellectual property right. Company shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Quantcast, its affiliated entities, and its and their directors, officers, employees and agents, and its and their respective successors, heirs and assigns (“
Quantcast Parties
”) against any Liabilities incurred by the Quantcast Parties in connection with any Claim arising out of or relating to (a) Company’s (including any Client’s, if applicable) use of the Services or Third-Party Services in violation of this Agreement; (b) Company Data or Ads; (c) the nature of Company’s or any Client’s products, services and industry, including without limitation any claims in the nature of product liability or any claim or allegation that such services or products are not in compliance with applicable industry-specific laws, or (d) breach of Sections 6.2. 6.3, 7 or 8.
12.2. The indemnified party will promptly notify the indemnifying party of any indemnified claim (provided that failure to notify promptly will only relieve the indemnifying party of its obligations to the extent it demonstrates material prejudice from the failure) and at the indemnifying party’s expense, provide assistance reasonably necessary to defend such claim. The indemnifying party will not enter into any settlement or compromise that does not fully absolve the indemnified party of liability.
12.3. Quantcast will have no obligation for any claim arising from or related to (a) compliance with Company specifications, (b) combination of the Services with products or services not supplied by Quantcast, (c) adaptation or modification of the Services or Campaign Data, (d) Company’s failure to follow instructions provided by Quantcast that would have cured the cause of action, (e) use of the Services or Campaign Data other than as described herein, or (f) Inventory or Third-Party Services selected and/or purchased by Company. In such cases, Company will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the Quantcast Parties from and against any Liabilities arising directly or indirectly from such claims.
12.4. If Quantcast’s right to provide the Services is enjoined or in Quantcast’s opinion is likely to be enjoined, Quantcast may obtain the right to continue providing the Services, replace or modify the Services so that they become non-infringing or terminate this Agreement. Quantcast’s obligations as stated in this Section 12 are Quantcast’s sole and exclusive liability and Company’s sole remedy as to infringement.
13.
Account Closure, Termination and Suspension
13.1. Company may close its account at any time via the Platform. Quantcast may terminate this Agreement upon notice for any reason or no reason. Sections 5, 6.6, 7 and 11-15 will survive account closure or termination of this Agreement, in addition to any other sections that by their nature would be presumed to, will survive account closure or termination.
13.2. Without limiting any other remedies, Quantcast may immediately suspend or terminate any individual Campaign, Authorized User’s access, and/or Company or Client account, including if Quantcast in its sole discretion suspects that a Campaign, Authorized User, Client, or Company is in breach this Agreement (including, without limitation, any failure to comply with the Incorporated Terms. If Quantcast suspends or closes Company’s account, Company may not re-open an account without Quantcast’s prior written approval.
14.
DISCLAIMER, LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
14.1. QUANTCAST MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING PERFORMANCE OR THE RESULTS AND BENEFITS FROM THE SERVICES, OR THAT THE PLATFORM OR ANY INFORMATION WILL BE ERROR-FREE, ALWAYS AVAILABLE OR OPERATE WITHOUT LOSS OR CORRUPTION OF DATA OR TECHNICAL MALFUNCTION. QUANTCAST HAS NO LIABILITY FOR THIRD-PARTY SERVICES. QUANTCAST MAY MODIFY OR DISCONTINUE ANY OR ALL SERVICES AT ANY TIME, FOR ANY OR NO REASON, WITH OR WITHOUT NOTICE.
14.2. EXCEPT FOR CLAIMS RELATING TO INDEMNIFICATION (SECTION 12), NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING AS A RESULT OF DELAYS, LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OF USE OR LOSS OF PROFIT) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, HOWEVER CAUSED AND UNDER WHATEVER CAUSE OF ACTION OR THEORY OF LIABILITY BROUGHT (INCLUDING CONTRACT OR NEGLIGENCE), EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. NOTHING IN THIS SECTION 14.2 LIMITS ANY LIABILITY FOR FRAUD, FRAUDULENT MISREPRESENTATION, OR ANY OTHER LIABILITY WHICH CANNOT LEGALLY BE LIMITED.
14.3. EXCEPT FOR CLAIMS RELATING TO PAYMENTS DUE (SECTION 5), AND/OR INDEMNIFICATION (SECTION 12), IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY’S TOTAL AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR ALL CLAIMS ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE GREATER OF (A) ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND U.S. DOLLARS (US $100,000) OR (B) THE ACTUAL AMOUNT PAID AND/OR PAYABLE TO QUANTCAST FOR THE PROVISION OF SERVICES TO COMPANY IN THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS PRIOR TO THE DATE THE LIABILITY FIRST AROSE.
14.4. The limitations and exclusions contained in this Agreement represent the parties’ agreement based upon the perceived level of risk associated with this Agreement and the payments made hereunder.
15.
General
.
15.1. This Agreement is the entire agreement of the parties relating to the Services and it supersedes all other commitments and understandings with respect to the Services. For the avoidance of doubt, this Agreement does not apply to or include Quantcast Measure. To the extent that Incorporated Terms conflict with the main body of this Agreement, the Incorporated Terms will control. Any other terms included in a purchase order or similar document will be of no force and effect.
15.2. Except for Quantcast’s right to make changes as described herein, no changes to this Agreement are effective unless such changes are in writing and signed by Quantcast.
15.3. This Agreement and all matters arising out of or relating to this Agreement will be governed by (i) the laws of the State of California if Quantcast is Quantcast Corp.; (ii) the laws of New South Wales,
Australia if Quantcast is Quantcast Australia Pty. Ltd.; or (iii) the laws of Ireland if Quantcast is Quantcast International Limited, each without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
15.4. Any legal action or proceeding relating to this Agreement will be brought exclusively in (i) the state or federal courts in the Northern District of California if Quantcast is Quantcast Corp.; (ii) the relevant courts in New South Wales, Australia if Quantcast is Quantcast Australia Pty. Ltd.; or (iii) the relevant courts in Dublin, Ireland if Quantcast is Quantcast International Limited. Quantcast and Company hereby agree to submit to the jurisdiction of, and agree that venue is proper in, these courts (as applicable). Actions arising under or related to this Agreement or the Services must be brought in the initiating party’s individual capacity, not as a plaintiff or class member in any class action or similar proceeding.
15.5. The Services may be subject to export and/or import control laws and regulations. Company is solely responsible for complying with all applicable export control laws and regulations.
15.6. Unless provided otherwise in the Additional Terms, there are no third-party beneficiaries to this Agreement.
15.7. All notices will be in writing. Notices to Company may be delivered via the Platform or sent to the address associated with Company’s account. Notices to Quantcast will be sent to the applicable physical and email addresses set forth below for Quantcast. Notice will be deemed to have been given upon: (a) the date delivered in person; (b) the day after the date sent by overnight courier; or (c) the date posted in the Platform by Quantcast. Notices may be confirmed by email.
Quantcast Corp
.: 795 Folsom Street, San Francisco, CA 94107, United States of America
Quantcast Australia Pty. Ltd
.: The Executive Centre, Level 24, 300 Barangaroo Avenue, Sydney, NSW, 2000, Australia
Quantcast International Limited
: Beaux Lane House, Lower Mercer Street, Dublin 2, Ireland
Attn
: Legal Department
Email
: legal@quantcast.com
15.8. Quantcast will not be liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder on account of events beyond Quantcast’s reasonable control.
15.9. This Agreement and the licenses granted herein are not transferable or assignable without prior written consent of the non-transferring or non-assigning party except that a party may upon written notice assign this Agreement to an acquirer of substantially all of that party’s assets, stock or business by sale, merger or otherwise or to an Affiliate. “
Affiliate
” means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party. Any assignment or transfer in violation of this section will be null and void. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of the successors and permitted assigns of the parties.
15.10. The parties have been represented in execution of this Agreement by legal counsel or have voluntarily declined to seek such counsel. If any provision of this Agreement is unenforceable, the validity of the remaining provisions will not be affected.
15.11. Quantcast’s failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. Any waiver of any provision of this Agreement will be effective only if made explicitly, in writing and signed by Quantcast.
Effective December 4th 2024
to
March 6th 2025
Download
Table of Contents
QUANTCAST BUYER TERMS
Last Updated: September 19, 2024
If Company has an active, duly executed contract for one or more of the Services, that existing agreement will govern Company’s use of such Services within the scope of such agreement instead of these Quantcast Buyer Terms (“
Agreement
”).
This Agreement is a legally binding contract between Quantcast and Company. “
Company
” means (A) when an individual accepts this Agreement on his or her own behalf, such individual, or (B) when an individual accepts this Agreement on behalf of a company or other legal entity, that company or legal entity. “
Quantcast
” means (X) Quantcast Corp. if Company is domiciled in the United States, (Y) Quantcast Australia Pty. Ltd. if Company is domiciled in any country or territory located in the Asia Pacific (APAC) region and (Z) Quantcast International Limited if Company is domiciled in any other country or territory.
Quantcast may modify this Agreement. Quantcast will notify Company by making the revised version available on this page or an identified successor page, and an updated revision date will indicate that changes have been made. If Company does not accept the changes, Company must stop using the Services. Company’s continued use of the Services after Quantcast publishes changes means that Company consents to the updates.
1.
Incorporated Terms
This Agreement incorporates the following additional terms (“
Incorporated Terms
”), as updated from time to time:
Quantcast Campaign Policy
(“
Campaign Policy
”)
Privacy Implementation for Quantcast Buyers
(“
Privacy Implementation
”)
US State Data Privacy Addendum
, to the extent the Services include processing Personal Information subject to U.S. State Privacy Laws (as defined in such Addendum) (“
DPA
”)
International Data Privacy Addendum
, to the extent that the Services include processing Personal Data subject to International Privacy Laws (as defined in such Addendum) (also “
DPA
”)
Any applicable
Additional Terms
(defined below)
2.
Services
2.1. “
Services
” means the Quantcast platform (“
Platform
”) and, to the extent provided by Quantcast under this Agreement, Campaign Tags, Platform Data, and any other services provided by Quantcast. The Services may permit Company to purchase ad placements on third-party media (e.g., webpages, apps, video, and other content/properties) (“
Inventory
”) that are made available by third-party providers (“
Inventory Providers
”) and Third-Party Services (defined below). For clarity, the “Services” do not include Inventory or Third-Party Services.
2.2. Some Services may be subject to different or additional terms (“
Additional Terms
”) that are described on the Additional Terms page linked above, in the Platform or otherwise made available to Company in writing. Unless the parties agree in writing for Quantcast to provide campaign management services or professional services, the Services do not include those services.
3.
Accounts and Authorized Users
3.1. Company will ensure its account information is accurate and current. Company will promptly notify Quantcast of any accidental disclosure or unauthorized use of Company access credentials. Quantcast
may review and, if needed, correct, the information and setup associated with Company’s account and Authorized Users. Company must obtain Quantcast’s prior written consent before adding third-party Authorized Users (i.e., non-employees) and Quantcast may require such third-party Authorized Users to enter into separate terms with Quantcast.
3.2. “
Authorized User
” means an individual authorized by Company to use Company’s account on the Platform. Each Authorized User must use unique access credentials. Company is solely responsible for all Authorized Users, the level of permissioning of each Authorized User, and all activity under its account, including the confidentiality of all access credentials. Without limiting the foregoing, Company will immediately notify Quantcast of any accidental disclosure or unauthorized use of any access credentials. Company will ensure that all Authorized Users use Company’s account solely on behalf of Company, and are aware of, and comply with, this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, Company is liable for any breach of this Agreement by any Authorized User.
4.
Company Clients
If Company is using the Services on behalf of third-party clients (“
Clients
”), Company represents and warrants that it has all rights and authorizations needed to do so. Company will only use the Services for Clients with which Company has a direct written agency agreement and will obligate its Clients to comply with this Agreement, including the Incorporated Terms. Company is responsible for the actions and/or inactions of Clients and for ensuring their compliance.
5.
Fees and Payment
5.1. Fees will be provided in the Platform or by other written means.
5.2. Unless Quantcast approves a different payment arrangement in writing, Company authorizes Quantcast to charge amounts owed under this Agreement after the end of each month to Company’s credit card, via automatic ACH, or such other similar payment method, at Quantcast’s option. Company will provide its most current credit card and/or other information required to complete payment, and keep such information updated if it changes. For the avoidance of doubt, if Company makes credit card, wire transfer or ACH payments or such other similar payment method, Company agrees to the applicable third-party terms as set forth in the Additional Terms. If Quantcast authorizes Company to pay invoices in arrears, Company will pay invoices within thirty (30) days of the invoice date. Quantcast may revise Company’s credit limit or require prepayment at any time in its sole discretion. Quantcast may charge interest at a rate of 2% per month (or the legal maximum, whichever is lower) for late payments. Company is responsible for reasonable out-of-pocket costs that Quantcast incurs to collect unpaid invoices. All payment obligations are non-cancelable and all amounts paid for Services provided are non-refundable. If Company requires a purchase order to make payments, Company will include the corresponding purchase order number in the Platform. All amounts due must be paid without setoff or deduction.
5.3. Company is solely responsible for all amounts due for any Third-Party Services that Company opts to use. Company acknowledges that any charges for Third-Party Services shown in the Platform or otherwise provided by Quantcast are based on the information Quantcast receives from the third parties and are subject to the final amounts charged by such third parties.
5.4. Quantcast is the system of record and is solely responsible for calculating all metrics related to the Services, including all amounts owed under this Agreement. Company acknowledges that all metrics, fees and other amounts shown in Platform are preliminary and final amounts will be as confirmed, invoiced or billed by Quantcast.
5.5. All charges under this Agreement are exclusive of all taxes and duties, if any. Company is responsible for and must pay all sales and use or other transactional taxes and duties including interest and penalty imposed on the amounts charged hereunder, or from the performance of this Agreement for which Quantcast issues an invoice. Company will promptly reimburse Quantcast for any such tax or duty and indemnify Quantcast and hold Quantcast harmless for any such taxes and duties that Quantcast must pay to a tax authority for which Company is responsible. If Company claims a tax exemption, Company must provide Quantcast with appropriate exemption certificates or documentation charges (including, without limitation, VAT or GST) acceptable to tax authorities.
6.
Services License and Requirements
6.1. Company may use the Services solely as set forth in this Agreement. Subject to this Agreement, Quantcast grants Company a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, and non-sublicensable license to
(a) access and use the Services on a self-serve basis, and (b) use the Platform Data presented via the Services solely for the purpose of using the Services.
6.2. Company will obtain all rights necessary to perform tracking and analytics, and store and serve the advertisements (“
Ads
”) associated with Company’s campaigns (“
Campaigns
”). Company will not use the Services with Ads, Company Media, other content or products or services that violate any applicable laws, regulations, third-party rights, or this Agreement including the Incorporated Terms. If Company asks Quantcast to take actions on behalf of Company or otherwise assist with Company’s use of the Services, Company consents to the actions and/or inactions that Quantcast takes on its behalf and retains sole responsibility for such assisted use of the Services.
6.3. Company will not: (a) attempt to circumvent any Services security measure, (b) share its access credentials, (c) grant direct or indirect access to the Services to any third-party (other than an Authorized User of a Client, if applicable), (d) reproduce, distribute, modify, prepare derivative works of, translate, reverse engineer, reverse compile, or disassemble the Services, including Platform Data, (e) introduce viruses or other malware into the Services or to end users, (f) share reports generated by the Services with any third-party (other than the relevant Client who is obligated to treat such reports confidentially) or (g) use information collected during the course of Campaigns (e.g., via Company’s own tag, third party tags, etc.) outside Company’s use of the Services, including to create or enrich profiles of individual end users, including regarding third-party media (e.g., webpages, apps, video and other content/properties) that the end users have visited or the content or general interest area of such media. For example, Company may not create an audience of a particular publisher’s end users based on information derived or obtained by using the Services.
6.4. For the avoidance of doubt, Quantcast may collect analytics information about its customers’ use of the Services (e.g., how Authorized Users engage with the Platform user interface, etc.) for purposes of understanding how its customers use the Services and providing, customizing, and improving the Services.
6.5. Quantcast reserves the right but not the obligation to place the AdChoices icon (or a similar icon) on Ads that do not already include such icon.
6.6. Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, neither party grants the other party any rights, express or implied, and each party reserves all rights. If Company provides Quantcast with feedback regarding the Services, Company hereby grants Quantcast a perpetual, irrevocable, fully paid up right and license to such feedback, without accounting, attribution, or compensation to Company.
7.
Data Issues
7.1. Data Definitions
:
7.1.1. “
Aggregated Data
” means generalized, combined data from numerous campaigns of multiple Quantcast customers, including Company, that concerns campaign parameters, goals, or performance results of such campaigns and that does not permit identification of Company or any other Quantcast customer of the Services.
7.1.2. “
Campaign Data
” means the campaign-related reporting data generated in the course of the Services and provided to Company under this Agreement, such as Campaign performance reports. For the avoidance of doubt, Campaign Data does not include Tag Data.
7.1.3. “
Campaign Tag
” means a tag, pixel or other element provided by Quantcast to Company for Company or Clients to place on Company Media to enable the collection of Tag Data under this Agreement. For clarity, the term “Campaign Tags” does not refer to any ad serving tags or Measure tags provided by Quantcast (i.e., if Company elects to use Quantcast ad serving or Quantcast Measure).
7.1.4. “
Company Data
” means all information and materials that are onboarded to Company’s account in the Platform, whether directly or via a third-party (e.g., an onboarding service provider).
Without limiting the foregoing, Company Data includes all Campaign parameters (the data entered into the Platform for a Campaign such as name, budget, targeting strategy, etc.), Tag Data and any data onboarded by or on behalf of Company (e.g., first and/or third-party audiences). Company Data is a subset of Company’s Confidential Information.
7.1.5. “
Company Media
” means the Ads, websites, apps and other digital properties and content on which Company or Clients place Campaign Tags.
7.1.6. “
Model
” means the predictive profile of shared attributes and characteristics of a group of end users that Company desires to reach in a Campaign, created algorithmically by deriving observations from Company Data and Platform Data. For the avoidance of doubt, Models do not include any data at individual end user level or any end user-level identifiers that may be used to distinguish one end user from another end user (such as an end user ID or IP address).
7.1.7. “
Platform Data
” means the data residing in the Platform or otherwise generated or used in connection with the Services that does not constitute Company Data or Campaign Data, including Aggregated Data, Models, and third-party data (“
Third-Party Data
”). Some Platform Data may be presented to Company in the Platform user interface while other Platform Data may be used by the Platform on the back end (i.e., behind the scenes) to provide the Services. Platform Data is a subset of Quantcast’s Confidential Information.
7.1.8. “
Tag Data
” means the data collected via Campaign Tags.
7.2.
Company Data
: As between the parties, Company Data is the exclusive property of Company and/or the applicable Client. As to all Company Data (whether provided by Company, Client or a third-party on Company’s or a Client’s behalf), Company represents and warrants that it has sufficient rights to provide Company Data for use by Quantcast in compliance with this Agreement. Quantcast may use Company Data solely in compliance with the DPAs (including to create Models for Company, deliver Campaigns and create audience insights, etc.). Quantcast will not share Company
Data with any third-party except to the extent that Company requests third-party services that utilize Company Data (e.g., third-party measurement), Company Data is included as a customary field in the data accessible to Inventory Providers and other technical service providers (e.g., bidstream and reporting data) or as otherwise authorized by Company. In addition, Quantcast may use non- Company-identifiable inferences made from Tag Data to produce, and as contained in, the Aggregated Data.
7.3.
Platform Data
: As between the parties, Platform Data is the exclusive property of Quantcast (or its third-party partners). Company may use Platform Data (whether directly, to the extent presented to Company in the Platform, or indirectly, to the extent used by the Platform to enable the Services) solely internally and solely for the purpose of using the Services as described in this Agreement. As to any Platform Data that Company can access and export using the self-serve features of the Platform, Company will not share such Platform Data with any third-party except, if applicable, Company’s Client(s) that such Platform Data pertains to and/or third-party service providers who are each under confidentiality restrictions, and subject to the terms of this Agreement
.
If Quantcast provides Company with Platform Data outside the self-serve features of the Platform (e.g., further detail about available audiences, etc.), such Platform Data is subject to any applicable Additional Terms. Company will not attempt to extract or recreate any Third-Party Data or other Platform Data that is not readily accessible via the normal functionality presented in the Platform or assemble similar data or audience segments itself (directly or indirectly through a third-party) on the basis of Third-Party Data or other Platform Data or information derived from the use of such data under this Agreement.
7.4.
Campaign Data
: Company may use Campaign Data for its internal business purposes provided that (a) it complies with its privacy policy, (b) it complies with the terms of this Agreement, and (c) it does not disclose Campaign Data to any third-party except, if applicable, Company’s Client(s) that such Campaign Data pertains to and/or third-party service providers who are each under confidentiality restrictions, and subject to the terms of this Agreement. Quantcast may use Campaign Data (i) to provide the Services, and (ii) within a customary field in the data accessible to Inventory Providers and other technical service providers (e.g., bidstream and reporting data) or as otherwise authorized by Company.
7.5.
Models
: Models reside solely within the Platform and are not directly accessible to Company. Company’s license above includes the ability to use Models as an integrated part of the Services, solely for the purpose of selecting and gaining insights about the end users that Company wishes to reach with its Campaigns. Quantcast will not share Models generated for the purpose of Company’s Campaigns with other customers.
7.6.
Client Data
: Upon request from a Client (or an authorized third party on Client’s behalf, including Company), Quantcast is authorized to use the Client Data associated with such Client in accordance with such request (including sharing such Client Data with another entity within the Quantcast Platform). For clarity, “
Client Data
” means the (i) Tag Data from Client websites, apps and/or other digital properties; and (ii) Quantcast’s proprietary analysis of such data. Client Data does not include any predictive models or data segments created using the Tag Data or any Campaign Data generated from Campaigns delivered using such Client Data.
7.7.
No Off-Platform Use
: Company will not use the Services, the Campaign Data, or any information derived from the Services, Models or Campaign Data to create or enrich profiles of individual end users or to retarget any end user except via the Services.
8.
Compliance and Privacy
8.1. Each party will comply with all applicable laws and regulations (Quantcast in its provision of the Services in the form provided by Quantcast and Company in its use of the Services), including Applicable Privacy Laws and applicable self-regulatory principles, such as the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising (“
DAA
”) or the Network Advertising Initiative Code of Conduct (“
NAI
”). “
Applicable Privacy Laws
” means US State Privacy Laws and International Privacy Laws (defined in the linked DPAs). Company will comply with the Incorporated Terms.
8.2. Company will not use the Service or any Third Party Service with any (a) Direct Identifiers, any special or sensitive categories of personal data as defined by Applicable Privacy Laws, including by placing Campaign Tags on Ads or Company Media whose content reveals special or sensitive categories of personal data of an end user, or personal data relating to criminal offenses or criminal convictions; or
(b) any data of children, including by placing Campaign Tags on Ads or Company Media directed at children; or (c) data related to any end user that has requested deletion or opted out (collectively, “
Prohibited Data
”). “
Direct Identifier
” means any information that identifies a particular individual without additional information, including name, address, mobile number, email address, financial account number or government-issued identifier. Direct Identifiers do not include pseudonymous identifiers such as IP address, cookie ID and certain hashed identifiers (e.g., email addresses that have been encoded using a cryptographic hashing function to obfuscate the email). For purposes of this Agreement, “
children
” refers to anyone age 16 or under or such other age specified by Applicable Privacy Laws under which the processing of personal information is prohibited or requires opt-in or parental consent.
8.3. Company represents and warrants that it is not a covered entity under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”), and does not have equivalent status under comparable local or international laws and regulations. If Company is using the Services on behalf of Clients, Company represents and warrants that Clients are not covered entities under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”), and do not have equivalent status under comparable local or international laws and regulations.
9.
Third-Party Services
9.1. If Company uses any third-party branded product or service in connection with the Services (including Third-Party Data made available for use via the Services) (“
Third-Party Service
”), the following additional terms apply.
9.2. Company is solely responsible for complying with any applicable third-party terms and requirements. For Third-Party Services offered via the Platform, such third-party terms and requirements may be provided in the Platform, the Additional Terms, otherwise by Quantcast or by the third-party.
9.3. Quantcast is not responsible for Third-Party Services and makes no representations as to such services, including their privacy practices. Quantcast cannot guarantee continued availability or pricing of Third-Party Services and may stop enabling access to them without liability. Company may be required to register for or log into Third-Party Services on their respective websites or to share Company Data with Third-Party Services (e.g., services requiring data integration).
10.
Marketing, Publicity
Quantcast may include Company’s name and logo in descriptions of Quantcast’s partners on its website, in media, in promotional materials, and in the Platform. Company will not use Quantcast’s name or logo without prior written permission. All goodwill from the use of Quantcast’s name or logo inures to Quantcast. Neither party will make a press release or any other public statement about this Agreement without the other party’s prior agreement.
11.
Confidentiality
“
Confidential Information
” means information that the disclosing party identifies as confidential or the receiving party should reasonably understand to be confidential given the circumstances of the disclosure and the nature of the information. Confidential Information does not include information that the receiving party can demonstrate: (a) it knew without restriction before receipt from the disclosing party, (b) is publicly available through no fault of the receiving party, (c) it rightfully received from a third-party without a duty of confidentiality, or (d) is independently developed without use of or reference to Confidential Information. The receiving party may use Confidential Information only to fulfill its obligations under this Agreement and must use at least reasonable care to prevent any unauthorized use or disclosure of Confidential Information, but in any event no less stringent a standard than receiving party applies to its own Confidential Information. The receiving party may share Confidential Information with its employees, agents and contractors who need to know it, as long as they are bound to confidentiality obligations that are consistent with this Agreement, provided that the receiving party shall remain solely responsible for their compliance with this Agreement. If compelled to do so by law, the receiving party may disclose Confidential Information as long as it provides reasonable prior notice to the disclosing party (unless legally prohibited). For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Agreement prohibits Quantcast from using and sharing high level data that is compiled and summarized from the combination of Campaign Data with equivalent data generated by campaigns of other Quantcast customers, that does not allow identification of Company or Clients. Company will delete all Quantcast Confidential Information promptly upon termination of this Agreement.
12.
Indemnity
12.1. Quantcast shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Company and its directors, officers, employees and agents, and their respective successors, heirs and assigns (“
Company Parties
”) against any claim, liability, damage, loss or expense (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs) (“
Liabilities
”) incurred by the Company Parties in connection with any third-party claim (including any regulatory or governmental action) (“
Claim
”) that Quantcast’s proprietary technology that provides the Services, in the form provided by Quantcast, infringes any patent or other third-party intellectual property right. Company shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Quantcast, its affiliated entities, and its and their directors, officers, employees and agents, and its and their respective successors, heirs and assigns (“
Quantcast Parties
”) against any Liabilities incurred by the Quantcast Parties in connection with any Claim arising out of or relating to (a) Company’s (including any Client’s, if applicable) use of the Services or Third-Party Services in violation of this Agreement; (b) Company Data or Ads; (c) the nature of Company’s or any Client’s products, services and industry, including without limitation any claims in the nature of product liability or any claim or allegation that such services or products are not in compliance with applicable industry-specific laws, or (d) breach of Sections 6.2. 6.3, 7 or 8.
12.2. The indemnified party will promptly notify the indemnifying party of any indemnified claim (provided that failure to notify promptly will only relieve the indemnifying party of its obligations to the extent it demonstrates material prejudice from the failure) and at the indemnifying party’s expense, provide assistance reasonably necessary to defend such claim. The indemnifying party will not enter into any settlement or compromise that does not fully absolve the indemnified party of liability.
12.3. Quantcast will have no obligation for any claim arising from or related to (a) compliance with Company specifications, (b) combination of the Services with products or services not supplied by Quantcast, (c) adaptation or modification of the Services or Campaign Data, (d) Company’s failure to follow instructions provided by Quantcast that would have cured the cause of action, (e) use of the Services or Campaign Data other than as described herein, or (f) Inventory or Third-Party Services selected and/or purchased by Company. In such cases, Company will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the Quantcast Parties from and against any Liabilities arising directly or indirectly from such claims.
12.4. If Quantcast’s right to provide the Services is enjoined or in Quantcast’s opinion is likely to be enjoined, Quantcast may obtain the right to continue providing the Services, replace or modify the Services so that they become non-infringing or terminate this Agreement. Quantcast’s obligations as stated in this Section 12 are Quantcast’s sole and exclusive liability and Company’s sole remedy as to infringement.
13.
Account Closure, Termination and Suspension
13.1. Company may close its account at any time via the Platform. Quantcast may terminate this Agreement upon notice for any reason or no reason. Sections 5, 6.6, 7 and 11-15 will survive account closure or termination of this Agreement, in addition to any other sections that by their nature would be presumed to, will survive account closure or termination.
13.2. Without limiting any other remedies, Quantcast may immediately suspend or terminate any individual Campaign, Authorized User’s access, and/or Company or Client account, including if Quantcast in its sole discretion suspects that a Campaign, Authorized User, Client, or Company is in breach this Agreement (including, without limitation, any failure to comply with the Incorporated Terms. If Quantcast suspends or closes Company’s account, Company may not re-open an account without Quantcast’s prior written approval.
14.
DISCLAIMER, LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
14.1. QUANTCAST MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING PERFORMANCE OR THE RESULTS AND BENEFITS FROM THE SERVICES, OR THAT THE PLATFORM OR ANY INFORMATION WILL BE ERROR-FREE, ALWAYS AVAILABLE OR OPERATE WITHOUT LOSS OR CORRUPTION OF DATA OR TECHNICAL MALFUNCTION. QUANTCAST HAS NO LIABILITY FOR THIRD-PARTY SERVICES. QUANTCAST MAY MODIFY OR DISCONTINUE ANY OR ALL SERVICES AT ANY TIME, FOR ANY OR NO REASON, WITH OR WITHOUT NOTICE.
14.2. EXCEPT FOR CLAIMS RELATING TO INDEMNIFICATION (SECTION 12), NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING AS A RESULT OF DELAYS, LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OF USE OR LOSS OF PROFIT) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, HOWEVER CAUSED AND UNDER WHATEVER CAUSE OF ACTION OR THEORY OF LIABILITY BROUGHT (INCLUDING CONTRACT OR NEGLIGENCE), EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. NOTHING IN THIS SECTION 14.2 LIMITS ANY LIABILITY FOR FRAUD, FRAUDULENT MISREPRESENTATION, OR ANY OTHER LIABILITY WHICH CANNOT LEGALLY BE LIMITED.
14.3. EXCEPT FOR CLAIMS RELATING TO PAYMENTS DUE (SECTION 5), AND/OR INDEMNIFICATION (SECTION 12), IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY’S TOTAL AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR ALL CLAIMS ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE GREATER OF (A) ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND U.S. DOLLARS (US $100,000) OR (B) THE ACTUAL AMOUNT PAID AND/OR PAYABLE TO QUANTCAST FOR THE PROVISION OF SERVICES TO COMPANY IN THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS PRIOR TO THE DATE THE LIABILITY FIRST AROSE.
14.4. The limitations and exclusions contained in this Agreement represent the parties’ agreement based upon the perceived level of risk associated with this Agreement and the payments made hereunder.
15.
General
.
15.1. This Agreement is the entire agreement of the parties relating to the Services and it supersedes all other commitments and understandings with respect to the Services. For the avoidance of doubt, this Agreement does not apply to or include Quantcast Measure. To the extent that Incorporated Terms conflict with the main body of this Agreement, the Incorporated Terms will control. Any other terms included in a purchase order or similar document will be of no force and effect.
15.2. Except for Quantcast’s right to make changes as described herein, no changes to this Agreement are effective unless such changes are in writing and signed by Quantcast.
15.3. This Agreement and all matters arising out of or relating to this Agreement will be governed by (i) the laws of the State of California if Quantcast is Quantcast Corp.; (ii) the laws of New South Wales,
Australia if Quantcast is Quantcast Australia Pty. Ltd.; or (iii) the laws of Ireland if Quantcast is Quantcast International Limited, each without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
15.4. Any legal action or proceeding relating to this Agreement will be brought exclusively in (i) the state or federal courts in the Northern District of California if Quantcast is Quantcast Corp.; (ii) the relevant courts in New South Wales, Australia if Quantcast is Quantcast Australia Pty. Ltd.; or (iii) the relevant courts in Dublin, Ireland if Quantcast is Quantcast International Limited. Quantcast and Company hereby agree to submit to the jurisdiction of, and agree that venue is proper in, these courts (as applicable). Actions arising under or related to this Agreement or the Services must be brought in the initiating party’s individual capacity, not as a plaintiff or class member in any class action or similar proceeding.
15.5. The Services may be subject to export and/or import control laws and regulations. Company is solely responsible for complying with all applicable export control laws and regulations.
15.6. Unless provided otherwise in the Additional Terms, there are no third-party beneficiaries to this Agreement.
15.7. All notices will be in writing. Notices to Company may be delivered via the Platform or sent to the address associated with Company’s account. Notices to Quantcast will be sent to the applicable physical and email addresses set forth below for Quantcast. Notice will be deemed to have been given upon: (a) the date delivered in person; (b) the day after the date sent by overnight courier; or (c) the date posted in the Platform by Quantcast. Notices may be confirmed by email.
Quantcast Corp
.: 795 Folsom Street, San Francisco, CA 94107, United States of America
Quantcast Australia Pty. Ltd
.: The Executive Centre, Level 24, 300 Barangaroo Avenue, Sydney, NSW, 2000, Australia
Quantcast International Limited
: Beaux Lane House, Lower Mercer Street, Dublin 2, Ireland
Attn
: Legal Department
Email
: legal@quantcast.com
15.8. Quantcast will not be liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder on account of events beyond Quantcast’s reasonable control.
15.9. This Agreement and the licenses granted herein are not transferable or assignable without prior written consent of the non-transferring or non-assigning party except that a party may upon written notice assign this Agreement to an acquirer of substantially all of that party’s assets, stock or business by sale, merger or otherwise or to an Affiliate. “
Affiliate
” means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party. Any assignment or transfer in violation of this section will be null and void. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of the successors and permitted assigns of the parties.
15.10. The parties have been represented in execution of this Agreement by legal counsel or have voluntarily declined to seek such counsel. If any provision of this Agreement is unenforceable, the validity of the remaining provisions will not be affected.
15.11. Quantcast’s failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. Any waiver of any provision of this Agreement will be effective only if made explicitly, in writing and signed by Quantcast.
Effective May 23rd 2024
to
December 4th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
QUANTCAST BUYER TERMS
Last Updated: May 3, 2024
If Company has an active, duly executed contract for one or more of the Services, that existing agreement will govern Company’s use of such Services within the scope of such agreement instead of these Quantcast Buyer Terms (“
Agreement
”).
This Agreement is a legally binding contract between Quantcast and Company. “
Company
” means (A) when an individual accepts this Agreement on his or her own behalf, such individual, or (B) when an individual accepts this Agreement on behalf of a company or other legal entity, that company or legal entity.  “
Quantcast
” means (X) Quantcast Corp. if Company is domiciled in the United States, (Y) Quantcast Australia Pty. Ltd. if Company is domiciled in any country or territory located in the Asia Pacific (APAC) region and (Z) Quantcast International Limited if Company is domiciled in any other country or territory.
Quantcast may modify this Agreement. Quantcast will notify Company by making the revised version available on this page or an identified successor page, and an updated revision date will indicate that changes have been made. If Company does not accept the changes, Company must stop using the Services. Company’s continued use of the Services after Quantcast publishes changes means that Company consents to the updates.
1.  Incorporated Terms
This Agreement incorporates the following additional terms (“
Incorporated Terms
”), as updated from time to time:
Quantcast Campaign Policy
(“
Campaign Policy
”)
Privacy Implementation for Quantcast Buyers
(“
Privacy Implementation
”)
US State Data Privacy Addendum
, to the extent
the Services include processing Personal Information
subject to U.S. State Privacy Laws (as defined in such Addendum) (“
DPA
”)
International Data Privacy Addendum
, to the extent that the Services include processing Personal Data subject to International Privacy Laws (as defined in such Addendum)
(also “
DPA
”)
Any applicable
Additional Terms
(defined below)
2.  Services
2.1.  “
Services
”
means
the
Quantcast platform (“
Platform
”)
and, to the extent provided by Quantcast under this Agreement, Campaign Tags, Platform Data, and any other services provided by Quantcast. The Services may permit Company to purchase ad placements on third-party media (e.g., webpages, apps, video, and other content/properties) (“
Inventory
”) that are made available by third-party providers (“
Inventory Providers
”) and Third-Party Services (defined below). For clarity, the “Services” do not include Inventory or Third-Party Services.
2.2.  Some Services may be subject to different or additional terms (“
Additional Terms
”) that are
described on the Additional Terms page linked above, in the Platform or otherwise made available to Company in writing.
Unless the parties agree in writing for Quantcast to provide campaign management services or professional services, the Services do not include those services.
3.  Accounts and Authorized Users
3.1.  Company will ensure its account information is accurate and current. Company will promptly notify Quantcast of any accidental disclosure or unauthorized use of Company access credentials. Quantcast may review and, if needed, correct, the information and setup associated with Company’s account and Authorized Users.
Company must obtain Quantcast’s prior written consent before adding third-party Authorized Users (i.e., non-employees) and Quantcast may require such third-party Authorized Users to enter into separate terms with Quantcast.
3.2.  “
Authorized User
” means an individual authorized by Company to use Company’s account on the Platform.
Each Authorized User must use unique access credentials
.
Company is solely responsible for all Authorized Users, the level of permissioning of each Authorized User, and all activity under its account, including the confidentiality of all access credentials. Without limiting the foregoing, Company will immediately notify Quantcast of any accidental disclosure or unauthorized use of any access credentials. Company will ensure that all Authorized Users use Company’s account solely on behalf of Company, and are aware of, and comply with, this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, Company is liable for any breach of this Agreement by any Authorized User.
4.  Company
Clients
If Company is using the Services on behalf of third-party clients (“
Clients
”), Company represents and warrants that it has all rights and authorizations needed to do so. Company will only use the Services for Clients with which Company has a direct written agency agreement and will obligate its Clients to comply with this Agreement, including the Incorporated Terms. Company is responsible for the actions and/or inactions of Clients and for ensuring their compliance.
5.  Fees and Payment
5.1.  Fees will be provided in the Platform or by other written means.
5.2.  Unless Quantcast approves a different payment arrangement in writing, Company authorizes Quantcast to charge amounts owed under this Agreement after the end of each month to Company’s credit card, via automatic ACH, or such other similar payment method, at Quantcast’s option. Company will provide its most current credit card and/or other information required to complete payment, and keep such information updated if it changes. For the avoidance of doubt, if Company makes credit card, wire transfer or ACH payments or such other similar payment method, Company agrees to the applicable third-party terms as set forth in the Additional Terms. If Quantcast authorizes Company to pay invoices in arrears, Company will pay invoices within thirty (30) days of the invoice date.  Quantcast may revise Company’s credit limit or require prepayment at any time in its sole discretion. Quantcast may charge interest at a rate of 2% per month (or the legal maximum, whichever is lower) for late payments. Company is responsible for reasonable out-of-pocket costs that Quantcast incurs to collect unpaid invoices. All payment obligations are non-cancelable and all amounts paid for Services provided are non-refundable. If Company requires a purchase order to make payments, Company will include the corresponding purchase order number in the Platform. All amounts due must be paid without setoff or deduction.
5.3.  Company is solely responsible for all amounts due for any Third-Party Services that Company opts to use. Company acknowledges that any charges for Third-Party Services shown in the Platform or otherwise provided by Quantcast are based on the information Quantcast receives from the third parties and are subject to the final amounts charged by such third parties.
5.4.  Quantcast is the system of record and is solely responsible for calculating all metrics related to the Services, including all amounts owed under this Agreement. Company acknowledges that all metrics, fees and other amounts shown in Platform are preliminary and final amounts will be as confirmed, invoiced or billed by Quantcast.
5.5.  All charges under this Agreement are exclusive of all taxes and duties, if any. Company is responsible for and must pay all sales and use or other transactional taxes and duties including interest and penalty imposed on the amounts charged hereunder, or from the performance of this Agreement for which Quantcast issues an invoice. Company will promptly reimburse Quantcast for any such tax or duty and indemnify Quantcast and hold Quantcast harmless for any such taxes and duties that Quantcast must pay to a tax authority for which Company is responsible. If Company claims a tax exemption, Company must provide Quantcast with appropriate exemption certificates or documentation charges (including, without limitation, VAT or GST) acceptable to tax authorities.
6.
Services
License and Requirements
6.1.  Company may use the Services solely as set forth in this Agreement.
Subject
to this Agreement, Quantcast grants Company a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, and non-sublicensable license to (a) access and use the Services on a self-serve basis, and (b) use the Platform Data presented via the Services solely for the purpose of using the Services.
6.2.  Company will obtain all rights necessary to perform tracking and analytics, and store and serve the advertisements (“
Ads
”) associated with Company’s campaigns (“
Campaigns
”). Company will not use the Services with Ads, Company Media, other content or products or services that violate any applicable laws, regulations, third-party rights, or this Agreement including the Incorporated Terms. If Company asks Quantcast to take actions on behalf of Company or otherwise assist with Company’s use of the Services, Company consents to the actions and/or inactions that Quantcast takes on its behalf and retains sole responsibility for such assisted use of the Services.
6.3.  Company will not: (a) attempt to circumvent any Services security measure, (b) share its access credentials, (c) grant direct or indirect access to the Services to any third-party (other than an Authorized User of a Client, if applicable), (d) reproduce,
distribute
, modify, prepare derivative works of, translate, reverse engineer, reverse compile, or disassemble the Services, including Platform Data, (e) introduce viruses or other malware into the Services or to end users, (f) share reports generated by the Services with any third-party (other than the relevant Client who is obligated to treat such reports confidentially) or (g) use information collected during the course of Campaigns (e.g., via Company’s own tag, third party tags, etc.) outside Company’s use of the Services, including to
create or enrich profiles of individual end users, including regarding third-party media (e.g., webpages, apps, video and other content/properties) that the end users have visited or the content or general interest area of such media. For example, Company may not create an audience of a particular publisher’s end users based on information derived or obtained by using the Services.
6.4.  For the avoidance of doubt, Quantcast may collect analytics information about its customers’ use of the Services (e.g., how Authorized Users engage with the Platform user interface, etc.) for purposes of understanding how its customers use the Services and providing, customizing, and improving the Services.
6.5.  Quantcast
reserves the right but not the obligation to place the AdChoices icon (or a similar icon) on Ads that do not already include such icon.
6.6.  Except
as expressly set forth in this Agreement, neither party grants the other party any rights, express or implied, and each party reserves all rights. If Company
provides Quantcast with feedback regarding the Services, Company hereby grants Quantcast a perpetual, irrevocable, fully paid up right and license to such feedback, without accounting, attribution, or compensation to Company.
7.  Data
Issues
7.1.  Data
Definitions
:
7.1.1.  “
Aggregated Data
” means generalized, combined data from numerous campaigns of multiple Quantcast customers, including Company, that concerns campaign parameters, goals, or performance results of such campaigns and that does not permit identification of Company or any other Quantcast custom
er of the Services.
7.1.2.  “
Campaign Data
” means the campaign-related reporting data generated in the course of the Services and provided to Company under this Agreement, such as Campaign performance reports. For the avoidance of doubt, Campaign Data does not include Tag Data.
7.1.3.  “
Campaign Tag
” means a tag, pixel or other element provided by Quantcast to Company for Company or Clients to place on Company Media to enable the collection of Tag Data under this Agreement. For clarity, the term “Campaign Tags” does not refer to any ad serving tags or Measure tags provided by Quantcast (i.e., if Company elects to use Quantcast ad serving or Quantcast Measure).
7.1.4.  “
Company Data
” means all information and materials that are onboarded to Company’s account in the Platform, whether directly or via a third-party (e.g., an onboarding service provider). Without limiting the foregoing, Company Data includes all Campaign parameters (the data entered into the Platform for a Campaign such as name, budget, targeting strategy, etc.), Tag Data and any data onboarded by or on behalf of Company (e.g., first and/or third-party audiences). Company Data is a subset of Company’s Confidential Information.
7.1.5.  “
Company Media
”
means
the Ads, websites, apps and other digital properties and content on which Company or Clients place Campaign Tags
.
7.1.6.
“
Model
” means the predictive profile of shared attributes and characteristics of a group of end users that Company desires to reach in a Campaign, created algorithmically by deriving observations from Company Data and Platform Data. For the avoidance of doubt, Models do not include any data at individual end user level or any end user-level identifiers that may be used to distinguish one end user from another end user (such as an end user ID or IP address).
7.1.7.
“
Platform Data
” means the data residing in the Platform or otherwise generated or used in connection with the Servic
es that does not constitute Company Data or
Campaign
Data, including Aggregated Data, Models, and third-party data (“
Third-Party Data
”). Some Platform Data may be presented to Company in the Platform user interface while other Platform Data may be used by the Platform on the back end (i.e., behind the scenes) to provide the Services. Platform Data is a subset of Quantcast’s Confidential Information.
7.1.8.
“
Tag Data
” means the data collected via Campaign Tags.
7.2.
Company Data
: As between the parties, Company Data is the exclusive property of Company and/or the applicable Client. As to all Company Data (whether provided by Company, Client or a third-party on Company’s or a Client’s behalf), Company
represents
and warrants that it has sufficient rights to provide Company Data for use by Quantcast in compliance with this Agreement. Quantcast may use Company Data solely in compliance with the DPAs (including to create Models for Company, deliver Campaigns and create audience insights, etc.). Quantcast will not share Company Data with any third-party except to the extent that Company requests third-party services that utilize Company Data (e.g., third-party measurement), Company Data is included as a customary field in the data accessible to Inventory Providers and other technical service providers (e.g., bidstream and reporting data) or as otherwise authorized by Company. In addition, Quantcast may use
non-Company-identifiable inferences made from Tag Data
to produce, and as contained in, the Aggregated Data.
7.3.
Platform Data
: As between the parties, Platform Data is the exclusive property of Quantcast (or its third-party partners). Company may use Platform Data (whether directly, to the extent presented to Company in the Platform, or indirectly, to the extent used by the Platform to enable the Services) solely internally and solely for the purpose of using the Services as described in this Agreement. As to any Platform Data that Company can access and export using the self-serve features of the Platform, Company will not share such Platform Data with any third-party except, if applicable, Company’s Client(s) that such Platform Data pertains to and/or third-party service providers who are each under confidentiality restrictions, and subject to the terms of this Agreement
.
If Quantcast provides Company with Platform Data outside the self-serve features of the Platform (e.g., further detail about available audien
ces, e
tc.), such Platform Data is subject to any applicable Additional Terms. Company will not attempt to extract or recreate any Third-Party Data or other Platform Data that is not readily accessible via the normal functionality presented in the Platform or assemble similar data or audience segments itself (directly or indirectly through a third-party) on the basis of Third-Party Data or other Platform Data or information derived from the use of such data under this Agreement.
7.4.
Campaign Data
: Company may use Campaign Data for its internal business purposes provided that (a) it complies with its privacy policy, (b) it complies with the terms of this Agreement, and (c) it does not disclose Campaign Data to any third-party except, if applicable, Company’s Client(s) that such Campaign Data pertains to and/or third-party service providers who are each under confidentiality restrictions, and subject to the terms of this Agreement. Quantcast may use Campaign Data (i) to provide the Services, and (ii) within a customary field in the data accessible to Inventory Providers and other technical service providers (e.g., bidstream and reporting data) or as otherwise authorized by Company.
7.5.
Models
:
Models reside solely within the Platform and are not directly accessible to Company. Company’s license above
includes
the ability to use Models as an integrated part of the Services, solely for the purpose of selecting and gaining insights about the end users that Company wishes to reach with its Campaigns.  Quantcast will not share Models generated for the purpose of Company’s Campaigns with other customers.
7.6.
Client Data
: Upon request from a Client (or an authorized third party on Client’s behalf, including Company), Quantcast is authorized to use the Client Data associated with such Client in
accordance
with such request (including sharing such Client Data with another entity within the Quantcast Platform). For clarity, “
Client
Data
” means the (i) Tag Data from Client websites, apps and/or other digital properties; and (ii) Quantcast’s proprietary analysis of such data. Client Data does not include any predictive models or data segments created using the Tag Data or any Campaign Data generated from Campaigns delivered using such Client Data.
7.7.
No Off-Platform Use
: Company will not use the Services, the Campaign Data, or any information derived from the Services, Models or Campaign Data to create or enrich profiles of individual end users or to retarget any end user except via the Services.
8.
Compliance and Privacy
8.1.  Each party will comply with all applicable laws and regulations (Quantcast in its provision of the Services in the form provided by Quantcast and Company in its use of the Services), including Applicable Privacy Laws and applicable self-regulatory principles, such as the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising (“
DAA
”) or the Network Advertising Initiative Code of Conduct (“
NAI
”). “
Applicable Privacy Laws
” means US State Privacy Laws and International Privacy Laws (defined in the linked DPAs). Company will comply with the Incorporated Terms.
8.2.  Company will not use the Service or any Third Party Service with any (a) Direct Identifiers, any special or sensitive categories of personal data as defined by Applicable Privacy Laws, including by placing Campaign Tags on Ads or Company Media whose content reveals special or sensitive categories of personal data of an end user, or personal data relating to criminal offenses or criminal convictions; or (b) any data of children, including by placing Campaign Tags on Ads or Company Media directed at children; or (c) data related to any end user that has requested deletion or opted out (collectively, “
Prohibited Data
”). “
Direct Identifier
” means any information that identifies a particular individual without additional information, including name, address, mobile number, email address, financial account number or government-issued identifier. Direct Identifiers do not include pseudonymous identifiers such as IP address, cookie ID and certain hashed identifiers (e.g., email addresses that have been encoded using a cryptographic hashing function to obfuscate the email). For purposes of this Agreement, “
children
” refers to anyone age 16 or under or such other age specified by Applicable Privacy Laws under which the processing of personal information is prohibited or requires opt-in or parental consent.
9.
Third
-Party Services
9.1.  If Company uses any third-party branded product or service in connection with the Services (including Third-Party Data made available for use via the Services) (“
Third-Party Service
”), the following additional terms apply.
9.2.  Company is solely responsible for complying with any applicable third-party terms and requirements. For Third-Party Services offered via the Platform, such third-party terms and requirements may be provided in the Platform, the Additional Terms, otherwise by Quantcast or by the third-party.
9.3.  Quantcast is not responsible for Third-Party Services and makes no representations as to such services, including their privacy practices. Quantcast cannot guarantee continued availability or pricing of Third-Party Services and may stop enabling access to them without liability. Company may be required to register for or log into Third-Party Services on their respective websites or to share Company Data with Third-Party Services (e.g., services requiring data integration).
10.
Marketing, Publicity
Quantcast may include Company’s name and logo in descriptions of Quantcast’s partners on its website, in media, in promotional materials, and in the Platform. Company will not use Quantcast’s name or logo without prior written permission. All goodwill from the use of Quantcast’s name or logo inures to Quantcast. Neither party will make a press release or any other public statement about this Agreement without the other party’s prior agreement.
11.
Confidentiality
“
Confidential Information
” means
information that the disclosing party identifies as confidential or the receiving party should reasonably understand to be confidential given the circumstances of the disclosure and the nature of the information. Confidential Information does not include information that the receiving party can demonstrate: (a) it knew without restriction before receipt from the disclosing party, (b) is publicly available through no fault of the receiving party, (c) it rightfully received from a third-party without a duty of confidentiality, or (d) is independently developed without use of or reference to Confidential Information. The receiving party may use Confidential Information only to fulfill its obligations under this Agreement and must use at least reasonable care to prevent any unauthorized use or disclosure of Confidential Information, but in any event no less stringent a standard than receiving party applies to its own Confidential Information. The receiving party may share Confidential Information with its employees, agents and contractors who need to know it, as long as they are bound to confidentiality obligations that are consistent with this Agreement, provided that the receiving party shall remain solely responsible for their compliance with this Agreement. If compelled to do so by law, the receiving party may disclose Confidential Information as long as it provides reasonable prior notice to the disclosing party (unless legally prohibited).   For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Agreement prohibits Quantcast from using and sharing high level data that is compiled and summarized from the combination of Campaign Data with equivalent data generated by campaigns of other Quantcast customers, that does not allow identification of Company or Clients. Company will delete all Quantcast Confidential Information promptly upon termination of this Agreement.
12.
Indemnity
12.1.  Quantcast shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Company and its directors, officers, employees and agents, and their respective successors, heirs and assigns (“
Company Parties
”) against any claim, liability, damage, loss or expense (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs) (“
Liabilities
”) incurred by the Company Parties in connection with any third-party claim (including any regulatory or governmental action) (“
Claim
”) that Quantcast’s proprietary technology that provides the Services, in the form provided by Quantcast, infringes any patent or other third-party intellectual property right. Company shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Quantcast, its affiliated entities, and its and their directors, officers, employees and agents, and its and their respective successors, heirs and assigns (“
Quantcast Parties
”) against any Liabilities incurred by the Quantcast Parties in connection with any Claim arising out of or relating to (a) Company’s (including any Client’s, if applicable) use of the Services or Third-Party Services in violation of this Agreement; (b) Company Data or Ads; (c) the nature of Company’s or any Client’s products, services and industry, including without limitation any claims in the nature of product liability or any claim or allegation that such services or products are not in compliance with applicable industry-specific laws, or (d) breach of Sections 6.2. 6.3, 7 or 8.
12.2.  The indemnified party will promptly notify the indemnifying party of any indemnified claim (provided that failure to notify promptly will only relieve the indemnifying party of its obligations to the extent it demonstrates material prejudice from the failure) and at the indemnifying party’s expense, provide assistance reasonably necessary to defend such claim. The indemnifying party will not enter into any settlement or compromise that does not fully absolve the indemnified party of liability.
12.3.  Quantcast will have no obligation for any claim arising from or related to (a) compliance with Company specifications, (b) combination of the Services with products or services not supplied by Quantcast, (c) adaptation or modification of the Services or Campaign Data, (d) Company’s failure to follow instructions provided by Quantcast that would have cured the cause of action, (e) use of the Services or Campaign Data other than as described herein, or (f) Inventory or Third-Party Services selected and/or purchased by Company. In such cases, Company will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the Quantcast Parties from and against any Liabilities arising directly or indirectly from such claims.
12.4.  If Quantcast’s right to provide the Services is enjoined or in Quantcast’s opinion is likely to be enjoined, Quantcast may obtain the right to continue providing the Services, replace or modify the Services so that they become non-infringing or terminate this Agreement.  Quantcast’s obligations as stated in this Section 12 are Quantcast’s sole and exclusive liability and Company’s sole remedy as to infringement.
13.
Account Closure, Termination and Suspension
13.1.  Company may close its account at any time via the Platform. Quantcast may terminate this Agreement upon notice for any reason or no reason. Sections 5, 6.6, 7 and 11-15 will survive account closure or termination of this Agreement, in addition to any other sections that by their nature would be presumed to, will survive account closure or termination.
13.2.  Without limiting any other remedies, Quantcast may immediately suspend or terminate any individual Campaign, Authorized User’s access, and/or Company or Client account, including if Quantcast in its sole discretion suspects that a Campaign, Authorized User, Client, or Company is in breach this Agreement (including, without limitation, any failure to comply with the Incorporated Terms. If Quantcast suspends or closes Company’s account, Company may not re-open an account without Quantcast’s prior written approval.
14.
DISCLAIMER, LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
14.1.  QUANTCAST MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING PERFORMANCE OR THE RESULTS AND BENEFITS FROM THE SERVICES, OR THAT THE PLATFORM OR ANY INFORMATION WILL BE ERROR-FREE, ALWAYS AVAILABLE OR OPERATE WITHOUT LOSS OR CORRUPTION OF DATA OR TECHNICAL MALFUNCTION. QUANTCAST HAS NO LIABILITY FOR THIRD-PARTY SERVICES. QUANTCAST MAY MODIFY OR DISCONTINUE ANY OR ALL SERVICES AT ANY TIME, FOR ANY OR NO REASON, WITH OR WITHOUT NOTICE.
14.2.  EXCEPT FOR CLAIMS RELATING TO INDEMNIFICATION (SECTION 12), NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING AS A RESULT OF DELAYS, LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OF USE OR LOSS OF PROFIT) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, HOWEVER CAUSED AND UNDER WHATEVER CAUSE OF ACTION OR THEORY OF LIABILITY BROUGHT (INCLUDING CONTRACT OR NEGLIGENCE), EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. NOTHING IN THIS SECTION 14.2 LIMITS ANY LIABILITY FOR FRAUD, FRAUDULENT MISREPRESENTATION, OR ANY OTHER LIABILITY WHICH CANNOT LEGALLY BE LIMITED.
14.3.  EXCEPT FOR CLAIMS RELATING TO PAYMENTS DUE (SECTION 5), AND/OR INDEMNIFICATION (SECTION 12), IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY’S TOTAL AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR ALL CLAIMS ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE GREATER OF (A) ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND U.S. DOLLARS (US $100,000) OR (B) THE ACTUAL AMOUNT PAID AND/OR PAYABLE TO QUANTCAST FOR THE PROVISION OF SERVICES TO COMPANY IN THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS PRIOR TO THE DATE THE LIABILITY FIRST AROSE.
14.4.  The limitations and exclusions contained in this Agreement represent the parties’ agreement based upon the perceived level of risk associated with this Agreement and the payments made hereunder.
15.
General
.
15.1.  This Agreement is the entire agreement of the parties relating to the Services and it supersedes all other commitments and understandings with respect to the Services. For the avoidance of doubt, this Agreement does not apply to or include Quantcast Measure. To the extent that Incorporated Terms conflict with the main body of this Agreement, the Incorporated Terms will control. Any other terms included in a purchase order or similar document will be of no force and effect.
15.2.  Except for Quantcast’s right to make changes as described herein, no changes to this Agreement are effective unless such changes are in writing and signed by Quantcast.
15.3.  This Agreement and all matters arising out of or relating to this Agreement will be governed by (i) the laws of the State of California if Quantcast is Quantcast Corp.; (ii) the laws of New South Wales, Australia if Quantcast is Quantcast Australia Pty. Ltd.; or (iii) the laws of Ireland if Quantcast is Quantcast International Limited, each without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
15.4.  Any legal action or proceeding relating to this Agreement will be brought exclusively in (i) the state or federal courts in the Northern District of California if Quantcast is Quantcast Corp.; (ii) the relevant courts in New South Wales, Australia if Quantcast is Quantcast Australia Pty. Ltd.; or (iii) the relevant courts in Dublin, Ireland if Quantcast is Quantcast International Limited. Quantcast and Company hereby agree to submit to the jurisdiction of, and agree that venue is proper in, these courts (as applicable). Actions arising under or related to this Agreement or the Services must be brought in the initiating party’s individual capacity, not as a plaintiff or class member in any class action or similar proceeding.
15.5.  The Services may be subject to export and/or import control laws and regulations. Company is solely responsible for complying with all applicable export control laws and regulations.
15.6.  Unless provided otherwise in the Additional Terms, there are no third-party beneficiaries to this Agreement.
15.7.  All notices will be in writing. Notices to Company may be delivered via the Platform or sent to the address associated with Company’s account. Notices to Quantcast will be sent to the applicable physical and email addresses set forth below for Quantcast. Notice will be deemed to have been given upon: (a) the date delivered in person; (b) the day after the date sent by overnight courier; or (c) the date posted in the Platform by Quantcast. Notices may be confirmed by email.
Quantcast Corp
.: 795 Folsom Street, San Francisco, CA 94107, United States of America
Quantcast Australia Pty. Ltd
.: The Executive Centre, Level 24, 300 Barangaroo Avenue, Sydney, NSW, 2000, Australia
Quantcast International Limited
: Beaux Lane House, Lower Mercer Street, Dublin 2, Ireland
Attn
: Legal Department
Email
: legal@quantcast.com
15.8.  Quantcast will not be liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder on account of events beyond Quantcast’s reasonable control.
15.9.  This Agreement and the licenses granted herein are not transferable or assignable without prior written consent of the non-transferring or non-assigning party except that a party may upon written notice assign this Agreement to an acquirer of substantially all of that party’s assets, stock or business by sale, merger or otherwise or to an Affiliate. “
Affiliate
” means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party. Any assignment or transfer in violation of this section will be null and void. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of the successors and permitted assigns of the parties.
15.10.  The parties have been represented in execution of this Agreement by legal counsel or have voluntarily declined to seek such counsel. If any provision of this Agreement is unenforceable, the validity of the remaining provisions will not be affected.
15.11.  Quantcast’s failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. Any waiver of any provision of this Agreement will be effective only if made explicitly, in writing and signed by Quantcast.
Effective April 22nd 2024
to
May 23rd 2024
Download
Table of Contents
QUANTCAST  BUYER TERMS
Last Updated: April 22, 2024
If Company has an active, duly executed contract for one or more of the Services, that existing agreement will govern Company’s use of such Services within the scope of such agreement instead of these Quantcast Buyer Terms (“
Agreement
”).
This Agreement is a legally binding contract between Quantcast and Company. “
Company
” means (A) when an individual accepts this Agreement on his or her own behalf, such individual, or (B) when an individual accepts this Agreement on behalf of a company or other legal entity, that company or legal entity.  “
Quantcast
” means (X) Quantcast Corp. if Company is domiciled in the United States, (Y) Quantcast Australia Pty. Ltd. if Company is domiciled in any country or territory located in the Asia Pacific (APAC) region and (Z) Quantcast International Limited if Company is domiciled in any other country or territory.
Quantcast may modify this Agreement. Quantcast will notify Company by making the revised version available on this page or an identified successor page, and an updated revision date will indicate that changes have been made. If Company does not accept the changes, Company must stop using the Services. Company’s continued use of the Services after Quantcast publishes changes means that Company consents to the updates.
1.  Incorporated Terms
This Agreement incorporates the following additional terms (“
Incorporated Terms
”), as updated from time to time:
Quantcast Campaign Policy
(“
Campaign Policy
”)
Privacy Implementation for Quantcast Advertiser Partners
(“
Privacy Implementation
”)
US State Data Privacy Addendum
, to the extent
the Services include processing Personal Information
subject to U.S. State Privacy Laws (as defined in such Addendum) (“
DPA
”)
International Data Privacy Addendum
, to the extent that the Services include processing Personal Data subject to International Privacy Laws (as defined in such Addendum)
(also “
DPA
”)
Any applicable
Additional Terms
(defined below)
2.  Services
2.2.  “
Services
”
means
the
Quantcast platform (“
Platform
”)
and, to the extent provided by Quantcast under this Agreement, Campaign Tags, Platform Data, and any other services provided by Quantcast. The Services may permit Company to purchase ad placements on third-party media (e.g., webpages, apps, video, and other content/properties) (“
Inventory
”) that are made available by third-party providers (“
Inventory Providers
”) and Third-Party Services (defined below). For clarity, the “Services” do not include Inventory or Third-Party Services.
2.3.  Some Services may be subject to different or additional terms (“
Additional Terms
”) that are
described on the Additional Terms page linked above, in the Platform or otherwise made available to Company in writing.
Unless the parties agree in writing for Quantcast to provide campaign management services or professional services, the Services do not include those services.
3.  Accounts and Authorized Users
3.1.  Company will ensure its account information is accurate and current. Company will promptly notify Quantcast of any accidental disclosure or unauthorized use of Company access credentials. Quantcast may review and, if needed, correct, the information and setup associated with Company’s account and Authorized Users.
3.2.  “
Authorized User
” means an individual authorized by Company to use Company’s account on the Platform.
Each Authorized User must use unique access credentials
. Company acknowledges that
each Authorized User may have the ability to add and terminate other Authorized Users. Company is solely responsible for all Authorized Users and all activity under its account, including the confidentiality of all access credentials. Company will immediately notify Quantcast of any accidental disclosure or unauthorized use of any access credentials. Company will ensure that all Authorized Users use Company’s account solely on behalf of Company, and are aware of, and comply with, this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, Company is liable for any breach of this Agreement by any Authorized User.
4.  Company
Clients
If Company is using the Services on behalf of third-party clients (“
Clients
”), Company represents and warrants that it has all rights and authorizations needed to do so. Company will only use the Services for Clients with which Company has a direct written agreement and will obligate its Clients to comply with this Agreement, including the Incorporated Terms. Company is responsible for the actions and/or inactions of Clients and for ensuring their compliance.
5.  Fees and Payment
5.1.  Fees will be provided in the Platform or by other written means.
5.2.  Unless Quantcast approves a different payment arrangement in writing, Company authorizes Quantcast to charge amounts owed under this Agreement after the end of each month to Company’s credit card, via automatic ACH, or such other similar payment method, at Quantcast’s option. Company will provide its most current credit card and/or other information required to complete payment, and keep such information updated if it changes. For the avoidance of doubt, if Company makes credit card, wire transfer or ACH payments or such other similar payment method, Company agrees to the applicable third-party terms as set forth in the Additional Terms. If Quantcast authorizes Company to pay invoices in arrears, Company will pay invoices within thirty (30) days of the invoice date. Quantcast may revise Company’s credit limit or require prepayment at any time in its sole discretion. Quantcast may charge interest at a rate of 2% per month (or the legal maximum, whichever is lower) for late payments. Company is responsible for reasonable out-of-pocket costs that Quantcast incurs to collect unpaid invoices. All payment obligations are non-cancelable and all amounts paid for Services provided are non-refundable. If Company requires a purchase order to make payments, Company will include the corresponding purchase order number in the Platform. All amounts due must be paid without setoff or deduction.
5.3.  Company is solely responsible for all amounts due for any Third-Party Services (defined below) that Company opts to use. Company acknowledges that any charges for Third-Party Services shown in the Platform or otherwise provided by Quantcast are based on the information Quantcast receives from the third parties and are subject to the final amounts charged by such third parties.
5.4.  Quantcast is the system of record and is solely responsible for calculating all metrics related to the Services, including all amounts owed under this Agreement. Company acknowledges that all amounts shown in Platform reporting are preliminary and final amounts will be as invoiced or billed by Quantcast.
5.5.  All charges under this Agreement are exclusive of all taxes and duties, if any. Company is responsible for and must pay all sales and use or other transactional taxes and duties including interest and penalty imposed on the amounts charged hereunder, or from the performance of this Agreement for which Quantcast issues an invoice. Company will promptly reimburse Quantcast for any such tax or duty and indemnify Quantcast and hold Quantcast harmless for any such taxes and duties that Quantcast must pay to a tax authority for which Company is responsible. If Company claims a tax exemption, Company must provide Quantcast with appropriate exemption certificates or documentation charges (including, without limitation, VAT or GST) acceptable to tax authorities.
6.
Services
License and Requirements
6.1.  Company may use the Services solely as set forth in this Agreement.
Subject
to this Agreement, Quantcast grants Company a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, and non-sublicensable license to (a) access and use the Platform on a self-serve basis, and (b) use the Platform Data presented in the Platform user interface solely for the purpose of using the Services.
6.2.  If Company uses the Services to manage Campaigns and purchase Inventory, Company will obtain all rights necessary to perform tracking and analytics, and store and serve the advertisements (“
Ads
”) associated with Company’s campaigns (“
Campaigns
”), including ad creatives. Company will not use the Services with Ads that violate any applicable laws, regulations, third-party rights, or this Agreement including the Incorporated Terms. If Company asks for Quantcast’s assistance with Company’s use of the Services, Company consents to the actions and/or inactions that Quantcast takes on its behalf and retains sole responsibility for such assisted use of the Services.
6.3. Company will not: (a) attempt to circumvent any Platform security measure, (b) share its access credentials, (c) grant direct or indirect access to the Platform to any third-party (other than an Authorized User of a Client, if applicable), (d) reproduce,
distribute
, modify, prepare derivative works of, translate, reverse engineer, reverse compile, or disassemble the Services, including Platform Data, (e) introduce viruses or other malware into the Platform or to end users via Ads, (f) share reports generated by the Services with any third-party (other than the relevant Client who is obligated to treat such reports confidentially) or (g) create or enrich profiles of individual end users on the basis of Campaign Data (defined below) or information derived from Campaign Data, including the third-party media (e.g., webpages, apps, video and other content/properties) that the end users have visited or the content or general interest area of such media. For example, Company may not create an audience of Conde Nast end users based on information derived or obtained by using the Services.
6.4. For the avoidance of doubt, Quantcast may collect analytics information about its customers’ use of the Services (e.g., how Authorized Users engage with the Platform user interface, etc.) for purposes of understanding how its customers use the Services and providing, customizing, and improving the Services.
6.5. Quantcast
reserves the right but not the obligation to place the AdChoices icon (or a similar icon) on Ads that do not already include such icon.
6.6.  Except
as expressly set forth in this Agreement, neither party grants the other party any rights, express or implied, and each party reserves all rights. If Company
provides Quantcast with feedback regarding the Services, Company hereby grants Quantcast a perpetual, irrevocable, fully paid up right and license to such feedback, without accounting, attribution, or compensation to Company.
7.  Data
Issues
7.1. Data
Definitions
:
7.1.1. “
Aggregated Data
” means generalized, combined data from numerous campaigns of multiple Quantcast customers, including Company, that concerns campaign parameters, goals, or performance results of such campaigns and that does not permit identification of Company or any other Quantcast custom
er of the Services.
7.1.2.  “
Campaign Data
” means the campaign-related reporting data generated in the course of the Services and provided to Company under this Agreement, such as Campaign performance reports. For the avoidance of doubt, Campaign Data does not include Tag Data.
7.1.3.  “
Campaign Tag
” means a tag, pixel or other element provided by Quantcast to Company for Company or Clients to place on Company Media to enable the collection of Tag Data. For clarity, the term “Campaign Tags” does not refer to any ad serving tags provided by Quantcast (i.e., if Company elects to use Quantcast ad serving).
7.1.4.  “
Company Data
” means all information and materials that are onboarded to Company’s account in the Platform, whether directly or via a third-party (e.g., an onboarding service provider). Without limiting the foregoing, Company Data includes all Campaign parameters (the data entered into the Platform for a Campaign such as name, budget, targeting strategy, etc.), Tag Data and any data onboarded by or on behalf of Company (e.g., first and/or third-party audiences). Company Data is a subset of Company’s Confidential Information.
7.1.5.  “
Company Media
”
means
the websites, apps and other digital properties or content associated with Ads, including the webpages, app screens and other digital properties on which Company or Clients place Campaign Tags
.
7.1.6.
“
Model
” means the predictive profile of shared attributes and characteristics of a group of end
users that Company desires to reach in a Campaign, created algorithmically by deriving observations from Company Data and Platform Data. For the avoidance of doubt, Models do not include any data at individual end
u
ser level or any end
u
ser-level identifiers that may be used to distinguish one end
u
ser from another end
u
ser (such as an end
u
ser ID or IP address).
7.1.7.
“
Platform Data
” means the data residing in the Platform or otherwise generated or used
in connection with
the Servic
es that does not constitute Company Data or
Campaign
Data, including Aggregated Data, Models, and third-party data (“
Third-Party Data
”). Some Platform Data may be presented to Company in the Platform user interface while other Platform Data may be used by the Platform on the back end (i.e., behind the scenes) to provide the Services. Platform Data is a subset of Quantcast’s Confidential Information.
7.1.8.
“
Tag Data
” means the data collected via Campaign Tags.
7.2.
Company Data
: As between the parties, Company Data is the exclusive property of Company and/or the applicable Client. As to all Company Data (whether provided by Company, Client or a third
-
party on Company’s or a Client’s behalf), Company
represents
and warrants that it has sufficient rights to provide Company Data for use by Quantcast in compliance with this Agreement. Quantcast may use Company Data solely in compliance with the DPAs (including to create Models for Company,
deliver
Campaigns and create audience insights, etc.). Quantcast will not share Company Data with any third
-
party except to the extent that Company reque
sts third-party services that utilize Company Data (e.g., third-party measurement),
Company Data is included as a customary field in the data accessible to Inventory Providers and other technical service providers (e.g., bidstream and reporting data)
or as otherwise authorized by Company
. In addition, Quantcast may use
non-company-identifiable inferences made from Tag Data
to produce, and as contained in, the Aggregated Data.
7.3.
Platform Data
: As between the parties, Platform Data is the exclusive property of Quantcast (or its third-party partners). Company may use Platform Data (whether directly, to the extent presented to Company in the Platform, or indirectly, to the extent used by the Platform to enable the Services) solely internally and solely for the purpose of using the Services as described in this Agreement. As to any Platform Data that Company can access and export using the self
-serve features of the Platform
, Company will not share such Platform Data with any third
-
party except, if applicable, Company’s Client(s) that such Platform Data pertains to and/or third-party service providers who are each under confidentiality restrictions, and subject to the terms of this Agreement
.
If Quantcast provides Company with
Platform Data outside the self-serve
features
of the Platform (
e.g.
,
further detail about available audien
ces, e
tc.)
, such Platform
Data
is subject to any applicable Additional Terms.
Company will not attempt to extract or recreate any Third-Party Data or other Platform Data that is not readily accessible via the normal functionality presented in the Platform or assemble similar data or audience segments itself (directly or indirectly through a third
-
party) on the basis of Third-Party Data or other Platform Data or information derived from the use of such data under this Agreement.
7.4.
Campaign
Data
: Company may use
Campaign
Data for its internal business purposes provided that (a) it complies with its privacy policy, (b) it complies with the terms of this Agreement, and (c) it does not disclose
Campaign Data
to any
third-
party except, if applicable, Company’s
Client(s) that such Campaign Data pertains to and/or
third-party service providers who are each under confidentiality restrictions, and subject to the terms of this Agreement. Quantcast may use
Campaign
Data (i) to provide the Services, and (ii)
within a customary field in the data accessible to Inventory Providers and other technical service providers (e.g., bidstream and reporting data) or as otherwise authorized by Company.
7.5.
Models
:
Models reside solely within the Platform and are not directly accessible to Company. Company’s license above
includes
the ability to use Models as an integrated part of the Services, solely for the purpose of
selecting
and gaining insights about the end users that Company wishes to reach with its Campaigns.  Quantcast will not share Models generated in connection with C
ompany’s Campaigns
with other customers.
7.6.
Client Data
: Upon request from a Client, Quantcast is authorized to use the Client Data associated with such Client in
accordance
with
such
request (including sharing such Client Data with another entity within the Quantcast Platform). For clarity, “
Client
Data
” means the (i)
Tag Data from
Client websites, apps and/or other digital properties; and (ii) Quantcast’s proprietary analysis of such data. Client Data does not include any predictive models or data segments created using the Tag Data or any Campaign
Data
generated from Campaigns delivered using such Client Data.
7.7.
No Off-Platform Use
: Company will not use the Services, the
Campaign
Data, or any information derived from the Services, Models or
Campaign
Data to create or enrich profiles of individual end users or to
retarget any end user except via the Services.
8.
Compliance and Privacy
8.1.  Each party will comply with all applicable laws and regulations (Quantcast in its provision of the Services in the form provided by Quantcast and Company in its use of the Services), including Applicable Privacy Laws and applicable self-regulatory principles, such as the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising (“
DAA
”) or the Network Advertising Initiative Code of Conduct (“
NAI
”). “
Applicable Privacy Laws
” means US State Privacy Laws and International Privacy Laws (defined in the linked DPAs). Company will comply with the Incorporated Terms.
8.2.  Company will not use the Service with any (a) Direct Identifiers, any special or sensitive categories of personal data as defined by Applicable Privacy Laws, including by placing Campaign Tags on Ads or Company Media whose content reveals special or sensitive categories of personal data of an end user, or personal data relating to criminal offenses or criminal convictions; or (b) any data of children, including by placing Campaign Tags on Ads or Company Media directed at children (collectively, “
Prohibited Data
”). “
Direct Identifier
” means any information that identifies a particular individual without additional information, including name, address, mobile number, email address, financial account number or government-issued identifier. Direct Identifiers do not include pseudonymous identifiers such as IP address, cookie ID and certain hashed identifiers (e.g., email addresses that have been encoded using a cryptographic hashing function to obfuscate the email). For purposes of this Agreement, “
children
” refers to anyone age 16 or under or such other age specified by Applicable Privacy Laws under which the processing of personal information is prohibited or requires opt-in or parental consent.
9.
Third
-Party Services
9.1. If Company uses any third-party branded product or service in connection with the Services (including Third-Party Data made available for use via the Services) (“
Third-Party Service
”), the following additional terms apply.
9.2. Company is solely responsible for complying with any applicable third-party terms and requirements. For Third-Party Services offered via the Platform, such third-party terms and requirements may be provided in the Platform, the Additional Terms, otherwise by Quantcast or by the third-party.
9.3. Quantcast is not responsible for Third-Party Services and makes no representations as to such services, including their privacy practices. Quantcast cannot guarantee continued availability or pricing of Third-Party Services and may stop enabling access to them without liability. Company may be required to register for or log into Third-Party Services on their respective websites or to share Company Data with Third-Party Services (e.g., services requiring data integration).
10.
Marketing, Publicity
Quantcast may include Company’s name and logo in descriptions of Quantcast’s partners on its website, in media, in promotional materials, and in the Platform. Company will not use Quantcast’s name or logo without prior written permission. All goodwill from the use of Quantcast’s name or logo inures to Quantcast. Neither party will make a press release or any other public statement about this Agreement without the other party’s prior agreement (email sufficing).
11
.  Confidentiality
“
Confidential Information
” means
information that the disclosing party identifies as confidential or the receiving party should reasonably understand to be confidential given the circumstances of the disclosure and the nature of the information. Confidential Information does not include information that the receiving party can demonstrate: (a) it knew without restriction before receipt from the disclosing party, (b) is publicly available through no fault of the receiving party, (c) it rightfully received from a third-party without a duty of confidentiality, or (d) is independently developed without use of or reference to Confidential Information. The receiving party may use Confidential Information only to fulfill its obligations under this Agreement and must use at least reasonable care to prevent any unauthorized use or disclosure of Confidential Information, but in any event no less stringent a standard than receiving party applies to its own Confidential Information. The receiving party may share Confidential Information with its employees, agents and contractors who need to know it, as long as they are bound to confidentiality obligations that are consistent with this Agreement, provided that the receiving party shall remain solely responsible for their compliance with this Agreement. If compelled to do so by law, the receiving party may disclose Confidential Information as long as it provides reasonable prior notice to the disclosing party (unless legally prohibited).  For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Agreement prohibits Quantcast from using and sharing high level data that is compiled and summarized from the combination of Campaign Data with equivalent data generated by campaigns of other Quantcast customers, that does not allow identification of Company or Clients. Company will delete all Quantcast Confidential Information promptly upon termination of this Agreement.
12
.  Indemnity
12.1. Quantcast shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Company and its directors, officers, employees and agents, and their respective successors, heirs and assigns (“
Company Parties
”) against any claim, liability, damage, loss or expense (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs) (“
Liabilities
”) incurred by the Company Parties in connection with any third-party claim (including any regulatory or governmental action) (“
Claim
”) that Quantcast’s proprietary technology that provides the Services, in the form provided by Quantcast, infringes any patent or other third-party intellectual property right. Company shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Quantcast, its affiliated entities, and its and their directors, officers, employees and agents, and its and their respective successors, heirs and assigns (“
Quantcast Parties
”) against any Liabilities incurred by the Quantcast Parties in connection with any Claim arising out of or relating to (a) Company’s (including any Client’s, if applicable) use of the Services or Third-Party Services in violation of this Agreement; (b) Company Data or Ads; (c) the nature of Company’s or any Client’s products, services and industry, including without limitation any claims in the nature of product liability or any claim or allegation that such services or products are not in compliance with applicable industry-specific laws, or (d) breach of Sections 6.2. 6.3, 7 or 8.
12.2.  The indemnified party will promptly notify the indemnifying party of any indemnified claim (provided that failure to notify promptly will only relieve the indemnifying party of its obligations to the extent it demonstrates material prejudice from the failure) and at the indemnifying party’s expense, provide assistance reasonably necessary to defend such claim. The indemnifying party will not enter into any settlement or compromise that does not fully absolve the indemnified party of liability.
12.3. Quantcast will have no obligation for any claim arising from or related to (a) compliance with Company specifications, (b) combination of the Services with products or services not supplied by Quantcast, (c) adaptation or modification of the Services or Campaign Data, (d) Company’s failure to follow instructions provided by Quantcast that would have cured the cause of action, (e) use of the Services or Campaign Data other than as described herein, or (f) Inventory or Third-Party Services selected by Company. In such cases, Company will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the Quantcast Parties from and against any Liabilities arising directly or indirectly from such claims.
12.4.  If Quantcast’s right to provide the Services is enjoined or in Quantcast’s opinion is likely to be enjoined, Quantcast may obtain the right to continue providing the Services, replace or modify the Services so that they become non-infringing or terminate this Agreement.  Quantcast’s obligations as stated in this Section 12 are Quantcast’s sole and exclusive liability and Company’s sole remedy as to infringement.
13
.  Account Closure, Termination and Suspension
13.1. Company may close its account at any time via the Platform. Quantcast may terminate this Agreement upon notice for any reason or no reason. Sections 5, 6.6, 7 and 11-15 will survive account closure and/or termination.
13.2. Without limiting any other remedies, Quantcast may immediately suspend or terminate any individual Campaign, Authorized User’s access, and/or Company or Client account, including if Quantcast in its sole discretion suspects that a Campaign, Authorized User, Client, or Company is in breach this Agreement (including failure to comply with the Incorporated Terms. If Quantcast suspends or closes Company’s account, Company may not re-open an account without Quantcast’s prior written approval.
14.
DISCLAIMER, LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
14.1. QUANTCAST MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE BENEFITS FROM THE SERVICES, OR THAT THE PLATFORM OR ANY INFORMATION WILL BE ERROR-FREE, ALWAYS AVAILABLE OR OPERATE WITHOUT LOSS OR CORRUPTION OF DATA OR TECHNICAL MALFUNCTION. QUANTCAST HAS NO LIABILITY FOR THIRD-PARTY SERVICES. QUANTCAST MAY MODIFY OR DISCONTINUE ANY OR ALL SERVICES AT ANY TIME, FOR ANY OR NO REASON, WITH OR WITHOUT NOTICE.
14.2. EXCEPT FOR CLAIMS RELATING TO INDEMNIFICATION (SECTION 12), NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING AS A RESULT OF DELAYS, LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OF USE OR LOSS OF PROFIT) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, HOWEVER CAUSED AND UNDER WHATEVER CAUSE OF ACTION OR THEORY OF LIABILITY BROUGHT (INCLUDING CONTRACT OR NEGLIGENCE), EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. NOTHING IN THIS SECTION 14.2 LIMITS ANY LIABILITY FOR FRAUD, FRAUDULENT MISREPRESENTATION, OR ANY OTHER LIABILITY WHICH CANNOT LEGALLY BE LIMITED.
14.3. EXCEPT FOR CLAIMS RELATING TO PAYMENTS DUE (SECTION 5), AND/OR INDEMNIFICATION (SECTION 12), IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY’S TOTAL AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR ALL CLAIMS ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE GREATER OF (A) ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND U.S. DOLLARS (US $100,000) OR (B) THE ACTUAL AMOUNT PAID AND/OR PAYABLE TO QUANTCAST FOR THE PROVISION OF SERVICES TO COMPANY IN THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS PRIOR TO THE DATE THE LIABILITY FIRST AROSE.
14.4.  The limitations and exclusions contained in this Agreement represent the parties’ agreement based upon the perceived level of risk associated with this Agreement and the payments made hereunder.
15.
General
.
15.1. This Agreement is the entire agreement of the parties relating to the Services and it supersedes all other commitments and understandings with respect to the Services. For the avoidance of doubt, this Agreement does not apply to Quantcast Measure. To the extent that Incorporated Terms conflict with the main body of this Agreement, the Incorporated Terms will control.
15.2. Except for Quantcast’s right to make changes as described herein, no changes to this Agreement are effective unless such changes are in writing and signed by Quantcast.
15.3. This Agreement and all matters arising out of or relating to this Agreement will be governed by (i) the laws of the State of California if Quantcast is Quantcast Corp.; (ii) the laws of New South Wales, Australia if Quantcast is Quantcast Australia Pty. Ltd.; or (iii) the laws of Ireland if Quantcast is Quantcast International Limited, each without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
15.4. Any legal action or proceeding relating to this Agreement will be brought exclusively in (i) the state or federal courts in the Northern District of California if Quantcast is Quantcast Corp.; (ii) the relevant courts in New South Wales, Australia if Quantcast is Quantcast Australia Pty. Ltd.; or (iii) the relevant courts in Dublin, Ireland if Quantcast is Quantcast International Limited. Quantcast and Company hereby agree to submit to the jurisdiction of, and agree that venue is proper in, these courts (as applicable). Actions arising under or related to this Agreement or the Services must be brought in the initiating party’s individual capacity, not as a plaintiff or class member in any class action or similar proceeding.
15.5. The Services may be subject to export and/or import control laws and regulations. Company is solely responsible for complying with all applicable export control laws and regulations.
15.6. Unless provided otherwise in the Additional Terms, there are no third-party beneficiaries to this Agreement.
15.7.  All notices will be in writing. Notices to Company may be delivered via the Platform or sent to the address associated with Company’s account. Notices to Quantcast will be sent to the applicable physical and addresses set forth below for Quantcast. Notice will be deemed to have been given upon: (a) the date actually delivered in person; (b) the day after the date sent by overnight courier; or (c) the date posted in the Platform by Quantcast. Notices may be confirmed by email.
Quantcast Corp
.: 795 Folsom Street, San Francisco, CA 94107
Quantcast Australia Pty. Ltd
.: 99 Elizabeth Street, Sydney 2000 NSW, Australia
Quantcast International Limited
: Beaux Lane House, Lower Mercer Street, Dublin 2, Ireland
Attn
: Legal Department
Email
: legal@quantcast.com
15.8. Quantcast will not be liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder on account of events beyond Quantcast’s reasonable control.
15.9. This Agreement and the licenses granted herein are not transferable or assignable without prior written consent of the non-transferring or non-assigning party except that a party may upon written notice assign this Agreement to an acquirer of substantially all of that party’s assets, stock or business by sale, merger or otherwise or to an Affiliate. “
Affiliate
” means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party. Any assignment or transfer in violation of this section will be null and void. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of the successors and permitted assigns of the parties.
15.10. The parties have been represented in execution of this Agreement by legal counsel or have voluntarily declined to seek such counsel. If any provision of this Agreement is unenforceable, the validity of the remaining provisions will not be affected.
15.11. Quantcast’s failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. Any waiver of any provision of this Agreement will be effective only if made explicitly, in writing and signed by Quantcast.
Effective April 22nd 2024
to
April 22nd 2024
Download
Table of Contents
QUANTCAST  BUYER TERMS
Last Updated: April 22, 2024
If Company has an active, duly executed contract for one or more of the Services, that existing agreement will govern Company’s use of such Services within the scope of such agreement instead of this Quantcast Master Services Agreement (“
Agreement
”).
This Agreement is a legally binding contract between Quantcast and Company. “
Company
” means (A) when an individual accepts this Agreement on his or her own behalf, such individual, or (B) when an individual accepts this Agreement on behalf of a company or other legal entity, that company or legal entity.  “
Quantcast
” means (X) Quantcast Corp. if Company is domiciled in the United States, (Y) Quantcast Australia Pty. Ltd. if Company is domiciled in any country or territory located in the Asia Pacific (APAC) region and (Z) Quantcast International Limited if Company is domiciled in any other country or territory.
Quantcast may modify this Agreement. Quantcast will notify Company by making the revised version available on this page or an identified successor page, and an updated revision date will indicate that changes have been made. If Company does not accept the changes, Company must stop using the Services. Company’s continued use of the Services after Quantcast publishes changes means that Company consents to the updates.
1.  Incorporated Terms
This Agreement incorporates the following additional terms (“
Incorporated Terms
”), as updated from time to time:
Quantcast Campaign Policy
(“
Campaign Policy
”)
Privacy Implementation for Quantcast Advertiser Partners
(“
Privacy Implementation
”)
US State Data Privacy Addendum
, to the extent
the Services include processing Personal Information
subject to U.S. State Privacy Laws (as defined in such Addendum) (“
DPA
”)
International Data Privacy Addendum
, to the extent that the Services include processing Personal Data subject to International Privacy Laws (as defined in such Addendum)
(also “
DPA
”)
Any applicable
Additional Terms
(defined below)
2.  Services
2.2  “
Services
”
means
the
Quantcast platform (“
Platform
”)
and, to the extent provided by Quantcast under this Agreement, Campaign Tags, Platform Data, and any other services provided by Quantcast. The Services may permit Company to purchase ad placements on third-party media (e.g., webpages, apps, video, and other content/properties) (“
Inventory
”) that are made available by third-party providers (“
Inventory Providers
”) and Third-Party Services (defined below). For clarity, the “Services” do not include Inventory or Third-Party Services.
2.3  Some Services may be subject to different or additional terms (“
Additional Terms
”) that are
described on the Additional Terms page linked above, in the Platform or otherwise made available to Company in writing.
Unless the parties agree in writing for Quantcast to provide campaign management services or professional services, the Services do not include those services.
3.  Accounts and Authorized Users
3.1  Company will ensure its account information is accurate and current. Company will promptly notify Quantcast of any accidental disclosure or unauthorized use of Company access credentials. Quantcast may review and, if needed, correct, the information and setup associated with Company’s account and Authorized Users.
3.2  “
Authorized User
” means an individual authorized by Company to use Company’s account on the Platform.
Each Authorized User must use unique access credentials
. Company acknowledges that
each Authorized User may have the ability to add and terminate other Authorized Users. Company is solely responsible for all Authorized Users and all activity under its account, including the confidentiality of all access credentials. Company will immediately notify Quantcast of any accidental disclosure or unauthorized use of any access credentials. Company will ensure that all Authorized Users use Company’s account solely on behalf of Company, and are aware of, and comply with, this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, Company is liable for any breach of this Agreement by any Authorized User.
4.  Company
Clients
If Company is using the Services on behalf of third-party clients (“
Clients
”), Company represents and warrants that it has all rights and authorizations needed to do so. Company will only use the Services for Clients with which Company has a direct written agreement and will obligate its Clients to comply with this Agreement, including the Incorporated Terms. Company is responsible for the actions and/or inactions of Clients and for ensuring their compliance.
5.  Fees and Payment
5.1  Fees will be provided in the Platform or by other written means.
5.2  Unless Quantcast approves a different payment arrangement in writing, Company authorizes Quantcast to charge amounts owed under this Agreement after the end of each month to Company’s credit card, via automatic ACH, or such other similar payment method, at Quantcast’s option. Company will provide its most current credit card and/or other information required to complete payment, and keep such information updated if it changes. For the avoidance of doubt, if Company makes credit card, wire transfer or ACH payments or such other similar payment method, Company agrees to the applicable third-party terms as set forth in the Additional Terms. If Quantcast authorizes Company to pay invoices in arrears, Company will pay invoices within thirty (30) days of the invoice date. Quantcast may revise Company’s credit limit or require prepayment at any time in its sole discretion. Quantcast may charge interest at a rate of 2% per month (or the legal maximum, whichever is lower) for late payments. Company is responsible for reasonable out-of-pocket costs that Quantcast incurs to collect unpaid invoices. All payment obligations are non-cancelable and all amounts paid for Services provided are non-refundable. If Company requires a purchase order to make payments, Company will include the corresponding purchase order number in the Platform. All amounts due must be paid without setoff or deduction.
5.3.  Company is solely responsible for all amounts due for any Third-Party Services (defined below) that Company opts to use. Company acknowledges that any charges for Third-Party Services shown in the Platform or otherwise provided by Quantcast are based on the information Quantcast receives from the third parties and are subject to the final amounts charged by such third parties.
5.4  Quantcast is the system of record and is solely responsible for calculating all metrics related to the Services, including all amounts owed under this Agreement. Company acknowledges that all amounts shown in Platform reporting are preliminary and final amounts will be as invoiced or billed by Quantcast.
5.5  All charges under this Agreement are exclusive of all taxes and duties, if any. Company is responsible for and must pay all sales and use or other transactional taxes and duties including interest and penalty imposed on the amounts charged hereunder, or from the performance of this Agreement for which Quantcast issues an invoice. Company will promptly reimburse Quantcast for any such tax or duty and indemnify Quantcast and hold Quantcast harmless for any such taxes and duties that Quantcast must pay to a tax authority for which Company is responsible. If Company claims a tax exemption, Company must provide Quantcast with appropriate exemption certificates or documentation charges (including, without limitation, VAT or GST) acceptable to tax authorities.
6.
Services
License and Requirements
6.1.  Company may use the Services solely as set forth in this Agreement.
Subject
to this Agreement, Quantcast grants Company a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, and non-sublicensable license to (a) access and use the Platform on a self-serve basis, and (b) use the Platform Data presented in the Platform user interface solely for the purpose of using the Services.
6.2.  If Company uses the Services to manage Campaigns and purchase Inventory, Company will obtain all rights necessary to perform tracking and analytics, and store and serve the advertisements (“
Ads
”) associated with Company’s campaigns (“
Campaigns
”), including ad creatives. Company will not use the Services with Ads that violate any applicable laws, regulations, third-party rights, or this Agreement including the Incorporated Terms. If Company asks for Quantcast’s assistance with Company’s use of the Services, Company consents to the actions and/or inactions that Quantcast takes on its behalf and retains sole responsibility for such assisted use of the Services.
6.3. Company will not: (a) attempt to circumvent any Platform security measure, (b) share its access credentials, (c) grant direct or indirect access to the Platform to any third-party (other than an Authorized User of a Client, if applicable), (d) reproduce,
distribute
, modify, prepare derivative works of, translate, reverse engineer, reverse compile, or disassemble the Services, including Platform Data, (e) introduce viruses or other malware into the Platform or to end users via Ads, (f) share reports generated by the Services with any third-party (other than the relevant Client who is obligated to treat such reports confidentially) or (g) create or enrich profiles of individual end users on the basis of Campaign Data (defined below) or information derived from Campaign Data, including the third-party media (e.g., webpages, apps, video and other content/properties) that the end users have visited or the content or general interest area of such media. For example, Company may not create an audience of Conde Nast end users based on information derived or obtained by using the Services.
6.4. For the avoidance of doubt, Quantcast may collect analytics information about its customers’ use of the Services (e.g., how Authorized Users engage with the Platform user interface, etc.) for purposes of understanding how its customers use the Services and providing, customizing, and improving the Services.
6.5. Quantcast
reserves the right but not the obligation to place the AdChoices icon (or a similar icon) on Ads that do not already include such icon.
6.6.  Except
as expressly set forth in this Agreement, neither party grants the other party any rights, express or implied, and each party reserves all rights. If Company
provides Quantcast with feedback regarding the Services, Company hereby grants Quantcast a perpetual, irrevocable, fully paid up right and license to such feedback, without accounting, attribution, or compensation to Company.
7.  Data
Issues
7.1. Data
Definitions
:
7.1.1. “
Aggregated Data
” means generalized, combined data from numerous campaigns of multiple Quantcast customers, including Company, that concerns campaign parameters, goals, or performance results of such campaigns and that does not permit identification of Company or any other Quantcast custom
er of the Services.
7.1.2.  “
Campaign Data
” means the campaign-related reporting data generated in the course of the Services and provided to Company under this Agreement, such as Campaign performance reports. For the avoidance of doubt, Campaign Data does not include Tag Data.
7.1.3.  “
Campaign Tag
” means a tag, pixel or other element provided by Quantcast to Company for Company or Clients to place on Company Media to enable the collection of Tag Data. For clarity, the term “Campaign Tags” does not refer to any ad serving tags provided by Quantcast (i.e., if Company elects to use Quantcast ad serving).
7.1.4.  “
Company Data
” means all information and materials that are onboarded to Company’s account in the Platform, whether directly or via a third-party (e.g., an onboarding service provider). Without limiting the foregoing, Company Data includes all Campaign parameters (the data entered into the Platform for a Campaign such as name, budget, targeting strategy, etc.), Tag Data and any data onboarded by or on behalf of Company (e.g., first and/or third-party audiences). Company Data is a subset of Company’s Confidential Information.
7.1.5.  “
Company Media
”
means
the websites, apps and other digital properties or content associated with Ads, including the webpages, app screens and other digital properties on which Company or Clients place Campaign Tags
.
7.1.6.
“
Model
” means the predictive profile of shared attributes and characteristics of a group of end
users that Company desires to reach in a Campaign, created algorithmically by deriving observations from Company Data and Platform Data. For the avoidance of doubt, Models do not include any data at individual end
u
ser level or any end
u
ser-level identifiers that may be used to distinguish one end
u
ser from another end
u
ser (such as an end
u
ser ID or IP address).
7.1.7.
“
Platform Data
” means the data residing in the Platform or otherwise generated or used
in connection with
the Servic
es that does not constitute Company Data or
Campaign
Data, including Aggregated Data, Models, and third-party data (“
Third-Party Data
”). Some Platform Data may be presented to Company in the Platform user interface while other Platform Data may be used by the Platform on the back end (i.e., behind the scenes) to provide the Services. Platform Data is a subset of Quantcast’s Confidential Information.
7.1.8.
“
Tag Data
” means the data collected via Campaign Tags.
7.2.
Company Data
: As between the parties, Company Data is the exclusive property of Company and/or the applicable Client. As to all Company Data (whether provided by Company, Client or a third
-
party on Company’s or a Client’s behalf), Company
represents
and warrants that it has sufficient rights to provide Company Data for use by Quantcast in compliance with this Agreement. Quantcast may use Company Data solely in compliance with the DPAs (including to create Models for Company,
deliver
Campaigns and create audience insights, etc.). Quantcast will not share Company Data with any third
-
party except to the extent that Company reque
sts third-party services that utilize Company Data (e.g., third-party measurement),
Company Data is included as a customary field in the data accessible to Inventory Providers and other technical service providers (e.g., bidstream and reporting data)
or as otherwise authorized by Company
. In addition, Quantcast may use
non-company-identifiable inferences made from Tag Data
to produce, and as contained in, the Aggregated Data.
7.3.
Platform Data
: As between the parties, Platform Data is the exclusive property of Quantcast (or its third-party partners). Company may use Platform Data (whether directly, to the extent presented to Company in the Platform, or indirectly, to the extent used by the Platform to enable the Services) solely internally and solely for the purpose of using the Services as described in this Agreement. As to any Platform Data that Company can access and export using the self
-serve features of the Platform
, Company will not share such Platform Data with any third
-
party except, if applicable, Company’s Client(s) that such Platform Data pertains to and/or third-party service providers who are each under confidentiality restrictions, and subject to the terms of this Agreement
.
If Quantcast provides Company with
Platform Data outside the self-serve
features
of the Platform (
e.g.
,
further detail about available audien
ces, e
tc.)
, such Platform
Data
is subject to any applicable Additional Terms.
Company will not attempt to extract or recreate any Third-Party Data or other Platform Data that is not readily accessible via the normal functionality presented in the Platform or assemble similar data or audience segments itself (directly or indirectly through a third
-
party) on the basis of Third-Party Data or other Platform Data or information derived from the use of such data under this Agreement.
7.4.
Campaign
Data
: Company may use
Campaign
Data for its internal business purposes provided that (a) it complies with its privacy policy, (b) it complies with the terms of this Agreement, and (c) it does not disclose
Campaign Data
to any
third-
party except, if applicable, Company’s
Client(s) that such Campaign Data pertains to and/or
third-party service providers who are each under confidentiality restrictions, and subject to the terms of this Agreement. Quantcast may use
Campaign
Data (i) to provide the Services, and (ii)
within a customary field in the data accessible to Inventory Providers and other technical service providers (e.g., bidstream and reporting data) or as otherwise authorized by Company.
7.5.
Models
:
Models reside solely within the Platform and are not directly accessible to Company. Company’s license above
includes
the ability to use Models as an integrated part of the Services, solely for the purpose of
selecting
and gaining insights about the end users that Company wishes to reach with its Campaigns.  Quantcast will not share Models generated in connection with C
ompany’s Campaigns
with other customers.
7.6.
Client Data
: Upon request from a Client, Quantcast is authorized to use the Client Data associated with such Client in
accordance
with
such
request (including sharing such Client Data with another entity within the Quantcast Platform). For clarity, “
Client
Data
” means the (i)
Tag Data from
Client websites, apps and/or other digital properties; and (ii) Quantcast’s proprietary analysis of such data. Client Data does not include any predictive models or data segments created using the Tag Data or any Campaign
Data
generated from Campaigns delivered using such Client Data.
7.7.
No Off-Platform Use
: Company will not use the Services, the
Campaign
Data, or any information derived from the Services, Models or
Campaign
Data to create or enrich profiles of individual end users or to
retarget any end user except via the Services.
8.
Compliance and Privacy
8.1  Each party will comply with all applicable laws and regulations (Quantcast in its provision of the Services in the form provided by Quantcast and Company in its use of the Services), including Applicable Privacy Laws and applicable self-regulatory principles, such as the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising (“
DAA
”) or the Network Advertising Initiative Code of Conduct (“
NAI
”). “
Applicable Privacy Laws
” means US State Privacy Laws and International Privacy Laws (defined in the linked DPAs). Company will comply with the Incorporated Terms.
8.2  Company will not use the Service with any (a) Direct Identifiers, any special or sensitive categories of personal data as defined by Applicable Privacy Laws, including by placing Campaign Tags on Ads or Company Media whose content reveals special or sensitive categories of personal data of an end user, or personal data relating to criminal offenses or criminal convictions; or (b) any data of children, including by placing Campaign Tags on Ads or Company Media directed at children (collectively, “
Prohibited Data
”). “
Direct Identifier
” means any information that identifies a particular individual without additional information, including name, address, mobile number, email address, financial account number or government-issued identifier. Direct Identifiers do not include pseudonymous identifiers such as IP address, cookie ID and certain hashed identifiers (e.g., email addresses that have been encoded using a cryptographic hashing function to obfuscate the email). For purposes of this Agreement, “
children
” refers to anyone age 16 or under or such other age specified by Applicable Privacy Laws under which the processing of personal information is prohibited or requires opt-in or parental consent.
9.
Third
-Party Services
9.1 If Company uses any third-party branded product or service in connection with the Services (including Third-Party Data made available for use via the Services) (“
Third-Party Service
”), the following additional terms apply.
9.2. Company is solely responsible for complying with any applicable third-party terms and requirements. For Third-Party Services offered via the Platform, such third-party terms and requirements may be provided in the Platform, the Additional Terms, otherwise by Quantcast or by the third-party.
9.3. Quantcast is not responsible for Third-Party Services and makes no representations as to such services, including their privacy practices. Quantcast cannot guarantee continued availability or pricing of Third-Party Services and may stop enabling access to them without liability. Company may be required to register for or log into Third-Party Services on their respective websites or to share Company Data with Third-Party Services (e.g., services requiring data integration).
10.
Marketing, Publicity
Quantcast may include Company’s name and logo in descriptions of Quantcast’s partners on its website, in media, in promotional materials, and in the Platform. Company will not use Quantcast’s name or logo without prior written permission. All goodwill from the use of Quantcast’s name or logo inures to Quantcast. Neither party will make a press release or any other public statement about this Agreement without the other party’s prior agreement (email sufficing).
11
.  Confidentiality
“
Confidential Information
” means
information that the disclosing party identifies as confidential or the receiving party should reasonably understand to be confidential given the circumstances of the disclosure and the nature of the information. Confidential Information does not include information that the receiving party can demonstrate: (a) it knew without restriction before receipt from the disclosing party, (b) is publicly available through no fault of the receiving party, (c) it rightfully received from a third-party without a duty of confidentiality, or (d) is independently developed without use of or reference to Confidential Information. The receiving party may use Confidential Information only to fulfill its obligations under this Agreement and must use at least reasonable care to prevent any unauthorized use or disclosure of Confidential Information, but in any event no less stringent a standard than receiving party applies to its own Confidential Information. The receiving party may share Confidential Information with its employees, agents and contractors who need to know it, as long as they are bound to confidentiality obligations that are consistent with this Agreement, provided that the receiving party shall remain solely responsible for their compliance with this Agreement. If compelled to do so by law, the receiving party may disclose Confidential Information as long as it provides reasonable prior notice to the disclosing party (unless legally prohibited).  For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Agreement prohibits Quantcast from using and sharing high level data that is compiled and summarized from the combination of Campaign Data with equivalent data generated by campaigns of other Quantcast customers, that does not allow identification of Company or Clients. Company will delete all Quantcast Confidential Information promptly upon termination of this Agreement.
12
.  Indemnity
12.1. Quantcast shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Company and its directors, officers, employees and agents, and their respective successors, heirs and assigns (“
Company Parties
”) against any claim, liability, damage, loss or expense (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs) (“
Liabilities
”) incurred by the Company Parties in connection with any third-party claim (including any regulatory or governmental action) (“
Claim
”) that Quantcast’s proprietary technology that provides the Services, in the form provided by Quantcast, infringes any patent or other third-party intellectual property right. Company shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Quantcast, its affiliated entities, and its and their directors, officers, employees and agents, and its and their respective successors, heirs and assigns (“
Quantcast Parties
”) against any Liabilities incurred by the Quantcast Parties in connection with any Claim arising out of or relating to (a) Company’s (including any Client’s, if applicable) use of the Services or Third-Party Services in violation of this Agreement; (b) Company Data or Ads; (c) the nature of Company’s or any Client’s products, services and industry, including without limitation any claims in the nature of product liability or any claim or allegation that such services or products are not in compliance with applicable industry-specific laws, or (d) breach of Sections 6.2. 6.3, 7 or 8.
12.2.  The indemnified party will promptly notify the indemnifying party of any indemnified claim (provided that failure to notify promptly will only relieve the indemnifying party of its obligations to the extent it demonstrates material prejudice from the failure) and at the indemnifying party’s expense, provide assistance reasonably necessary to defend such claim. The indemnifying party will not enter into any settlement or compromise that does not fully absolve the indemnified party of liability.
12.3. Quantcast will have no obligation for any claim arising from or related to (a) compliance with Company specifications, (b) combination of the Services with products or services not supplied by Quantcast, (c) adaptation or modification of the Services or Campaign Data, (d) Company’s failure to follow instructions provided by Quantcast that would have cured the cause of action, (e) use of the Services or Campaign Data other than as described herein, or (f) Inventory or Third-Party Services selected by Company. In such cases, Company will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the Quantcast Parties from and against any Liabilities arising directly or indirectly from such claims.
12.4.  If Quantcast’s right to provide the Services is enjoined or in Quantcast’s opinion is likely to be enjoined, Quantcast may obtain the right to continue providing the Services, replace or modify the Services so that they become non-infringing or terminate this Agreement.  Quantcast’s obligations as stated in this Section 12 are Quantcast’s sole and exclusive liability and Company’s sole remedy as to infringement.
13
.  Account Closure, Termination and Suspension
13.1. Company may close its account at any time via the Platform. Quantcast may terminate this Agreement upon notice for any reason or no reason. Sections 5, 6.6, 7 and 11-15 will survive account closure and/or termination.
13.2. Without limiting any other remedies, Quantcast may immediately suspend or terminate any individual Campaign, Authorized User’s access, and/or Company or Client account, including if Quantcast in its sole discretion suspects that a Campaign, Authorized User, Client, or Company is in breach this Agreement (including failure to comply with the Incorporated Terms. If Quantcast suspends or closes Company’s account, Company may not re-open an account without Quantcast’s prior written approval.
14.
DISCLAIMER, LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
14.1. QUANTCAST MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE BENEFITS FROM THE SERVICES, OR THAT THE PLATFORM OR ANY INFORMATION WILL BE ERROR-FREE, ALWAYS AVAILABLE OR OPERATE WITHOUT LOSS OR CORRUPTION OF DATA OR TECHNICAL MALFUNCTION. QUANTCAST HAS NO LIABILITY FOR THIRD-PARTY SERVICES. QUANTCAST MAY MODIFY OR DISCONTINUE ANY OR ALL SERVICES AT ANY TIME, FOR ANY OR NO REASON, WITH OR WITHOUT NOTICE.
14.2. EXCEPT FOR CLAIMS RELATING TO INDEMNIFICATION (SECTION 12), NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING AS A RESULT OF DELAYS, LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OF USE OR LOSS OF PROFIT) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, HOWEVER CAUSED AND UNDER WHATEVER CAUSE OF ACTION OR THEORY OF LIABILITY BROUGHT (INCLUDING CONTRACT OR NEGLIGENCE), EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. NOTHING IN THIS SECTION 14.2 LIMITS ANY LIABILITY FOR FRAUD, FRAUDULENT MISREPRESENTATION, OR ANY OTHER LIABILITY WHICH CANNOT LEGALLY BE LIMITED.
14.3. EXCEPT FOR CLAIMS RELATING TO PAYMENTS DUE (SECTION 5), AND/OR INDEMNIFICATION (SECTION 12), IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY’S TOTAL AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR ALL CLAIMS ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE GREATER OF (A) ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND U.S. DOLLARS (US $100,000) OR (B) THE ACTUAL AMOUNT PAID AND/OR PAYABLE TO QUANTCAST FOR THE PROVISION OF SERVICES TO COMPANY IN THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS PRIOR TO THE DATE THE LIABILITY FIRST AROSE.
14.4.  The limitations and exclusions contained in this Agreement represent the parties’ agreement based upon the perceived level of risk associated with this Agreement and the payments made hereunder.
15.
General
.
15.1. This Agreement is the entire agreement of the parties relating to the Services and it supersedes all other commitments and understandings with respect to the Services. For the avoidance of doubt, this Agreement does not apply to Quantcast Measure. To the extent that Incorporated Terms conflict with the main body of this Agreement, the Incorporated Terms will control.
15.2. Except for Quantcast’s right to make changes as described herein, no changes to this Agreement are effective unless such changes are in writing and signed by Quantcast.
15.3. This Agreement and all matters arising out of or relating to this Agreement will be governed by (i) the laws of the State of California if Quantcast is Quantcast Corp.; (ii) the laws of New South Wales, Australia if Quantcast is Quantcast Australia Pty. Ltd.; or (iii) the laws of Ireland if Quantcast is Quantcast International Limited, each without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
15.4. Any legal action or proceeding relating to this Agreement will be brought exclusively in (i) the state or federal courts in the Northern District of California if Quantcast is Quantcast Corp.; (ii) the relevant courts in New South Wales, Australia if Quantcast is Quantcast Australia Pty. Ltd.; or (iii) the relevant courts in Dublin, Ireland if Quantcast is Quantcast International Limited. Quantcast and Company hereby agree to submit to the jurisdiction of, and agree that venue is proper in, these courts (as applicable). Actions arising under or related to this Agreement or the Services must be brought in the initiating party’s individual capacity, not as a plaintiff or class member in any class action or similar proceeding.
15.5. The Services may be subject to export and/or import control laws and regulations. Company is solely responsible for complying with all applicable export control laws and regulations.
15.6. Unless provided otherwise in the Additional Terms, there are no third-party beneficiaries to this Agreement.
15.7.  All notices will be in writing. Notices to Company may be delivered via the Platform or sent to the address associated with Company’s account. Notices to Quantcast will be sent to the applicable physical and addresses set forth below for Quantcast. Notice will be deemed to have been given upon: (a) the date actually delivered in person; (b) the day after the date sent by overnight courier; or (c) the date posted in the Platform by Quantcast. Notices may be confirmed by email.
Quantcast Corp
.: 795 Folsom Street, San Francisco, CA 94107
Quantcast Australia Pty. Ltd
.: 99 Elizabeth Street, Sydney 2000 NSW, Australia
Quantcast International Limited
: Beaux Lane House, Lower Mercer Street, Dublin 2, Ireland
Attn
: Legal Department
Email
: legal@quantcast.com
15.8. Quantcast will not be liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder on account of events beyond Quantcast’s reasonable control.
15.9. This Agreement and the licenses granted herein are not transferable or assignable without prior written consent of the non-transferring or non-assigning party except that a party may upon written notice assign this Agreement to an acquirer of substantially all of that party’s assets, stock or business by sale, merger or otherwise or to an Affiliate. “
Affiliate
” means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party. Any assignment or transfer in violation of this section will be null and void. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of the successors and permitted assigns of the parties.
15.10. The parties have been represented in execution of this Agreement by legal counsel or have voluntarily declined to seek such counsel. If any provision of this Agreement is unenforceable, the validity of the remaining provisions will not be affected.
15.11. Quantcast’s failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. Any waiver of any provision of this Agreement will be effective only if made explicitly, in writing and signed by Quantcast.
Effective February 12th 2024
to
April 22nd 2024
Download
Table of Contents
QUANTCAST  BUYER TERMS
Last Updated: January 16, 2023
If Company has an active, duly executed contract for one or more of the Services, that existing agreement will govern Company’s use of such Services within the scope of such agreement instead of this Quantcast Master Services Agreement (“
Agreement
”).
This Agreement is a legally binding contract between Quantcast and Company. “
Company
” means (A) when an individual accepts this Agreement on his or her own behalf, such individual, or (B) when an individual accepts this Agreement on behalf of a company or other legal entity, that company or legal entity.  “
Quantcast
” means (X) Quantcast Corp. if Company is domiciled in the United States, (Y) Quantcast Australia Pty. Ltd. if Company is domiciled in any country or territory located in the Asia Pacific (APAC) region and (Z) Quantcast International Limited if Company is domiciled in any other country or territory.
Quantcast may modify this Agreement. Quantcast will notify Company by making the revised version available on this page or an identified successor page, and an updated revision date will indicate that changes have been made. If Company does not accept the changes, Company must stop using the Services. Company’s continued use of the Services after Quantcast publishes changes means that Company consents to the updates.
Incorporated Terms
This Agreement incorporates the following additional terms (“
Incorporated Terms
”), as updated from time to time:
Quantcast Campaign Policy
(“
Campaign Policy
”)
Privacy Implementation for Quantcast Advertiser Partners
(“
Privacy Implementation
”)
US State Data Privacy Addendum
, to the extent
the Services include processing Personal Information
subject to U.S. State Privacy Laws (as defined in such Addendum) (“
DPA
”)
International Data Privacy Addendum
, to the extent that the Services include processing Personal Data subject to International Privacy Laws (as defined in such Addendum)
(also “
DPA
”)
Any applicable
Additional Terms
(defined below)
Services
“
Services
”
means
the
Quantcast platform (“
Platform
”)
and, to the extent provided by Quantcast under this Agreement, Campaign Tags, Platform Data, and any other services provided by Quantcast. The Services may permit Company to purchase ad placements on third-party media (e.g., webpages, apps, video, and other content/properties) (“
Inventory
”) that are made available by third-party providers (“
Inventory Providers
”) and Third-Party Services (defined below). For clarity, the “Services” do not include Inventory or Third-Party Services.
Some Services may be subject to different or additional terms (“
Additional Terms
”) that are
described on the Additional Terms page linked above, in the Platform or otherwise made available to Company in writing.
Unless the parties agree in writing for Quantcast to provide campaign management services or professional services, the Services do not include those services.
Accounts and Authorized Users
Company will ensure its account information is accurate and current. Company will promptly notify Quantcast of any accidental disclosure or unauthorized use of Company access credentials. Quantcast may review and, if needed, correct, the information and setup associated with Company’s account and Authorized Users.
“
Authorized User
” means an individual authorized by Company to use Company’s account on the Platform.
Each Authorized User must use unique access credentials
. Company acknowledges that
each Authorized User may have the ability to add and terminate other Authorized Users. Company is solely responsible for all Authorized Users and all activity under its account, including the confidentiality of all access credentials. Company will immediately notify Quantcast of any accidental disclosure or unauthorized use of any access credentials. Company will ensure that all Authorized Users use Company’s account solely on behalf of Company, and are aware of, and comply with, this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, Company is liable for any breach of this Agreement by any Authorized User.
Company
Clients
If Company is using the Services on behalf of third-party clients (“
Clients
”), Company represents and warrants that it has all rights and authorizations needed to do so. Company will only use the Services for Clients with which Company has a direct written agreement and will obligate its Clients to comply with this Agreement, including the Incorporated Terms. Company is responsible for the actions and/or inactions of Clients and for ensuring their compliance.
Fees and Payment
Fees will be provided in the Platform or by other written means.
Unless Quantcast approves a different payment arrangement in writing, Company authorizes Quantcast to charge amounts owed under this Agreement to Company’s credit card, or to receive payment via wire transfer, automatic ACH, or such other similar payment method, at Quantcast’s option. Company will provide its most current credit card and/or other information required to complete payment, and keep such information updated if it changes. For the avoidance of doubt, if Company makes credit card, wire transfer or ACH payments or such other similar payment method, Company agrees to the applicable third-party terms as set forth in the Additional Terms. If Quantcast provides Company with the ability to pay invoices in arrears, Company will pay invoices upon receipt.  Quantcast may revise Company’s credit limit or require prepayment at any time in its sole discretion. Quantcast may charge interest at a rate of 2% per month (or the legal maximum, whichever is lower) for late payments. Company is responsible for reasonable out-of-pocket costs that Quantcast incurs to collect unpaid invoices. All payment obligations are non-cancelable and all amounts paid for Services provided are non-refundable. If Company requires a purchase order to make payments, Company will include the corresponding purchase order number in the Platform. All amounts due must be paid without setoff or deduction.
Company is solely responsible for all amounts due for any Third-Party Services (defined below) that Company opts to use. Company acknowledges that any charges for Third-Party Services shown in the Platform or otherwise provided by Quantcast are based on the information Quantcast receives from the third parties and are subject to the final amounts charged by such third parties.
Quantcast is the system of record and is solely responsible for calculating all metrics related to the Services, including all amounts owed under this Agreement. Company acknowledges that all amounts shown in Platform reporting are preliminary and final amounts will be as invoiced or billed by Quantcast.
All charges under this Agreement are exclusive of all taxes and duties, if any. Company is responsible for and must pay all sales and use or other transactional taxes and duties including interest and penalty imposed on the amounts charged hereunder, or from the performance of this Agreement for which Quantcast issues an invoice. Company will promptly reimburse Quantcast for any such tax or duty and indemnify Quantcast and hold Quantcast harmless for any such taxes and duties that Quantcast must pay to a tax authority for which Company is responsible. If Company claims a tax exemption, Company must provide Quantcast with appropriate exemption certificates or documentation charges (including, without limitation, VAT or GST) acceptable to tax authorities.
Services
License and Requirements
Company may use the Services solely as set forth in this Agreement.
Subject
to this Agreement, Quantcast grants Company a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, and non-sublicensable license to (a) access and use the Platform on a self-serve basis, and (b) use the Platform Data presented in the Platform user interface solely for the purpose of using the Services.
If Company uses the Services to manage Campaigns and purchase Inventory, Company will obtain all rights necessary to perform tracking and analytics, and store and serve the advertisements (“
Ads
”) associated with Company’s campaigns (“
Campaigns
”), including ad creatives. Company will not use the Services with Ads that violate any applicable laws, regulations, third-party rights, or this Agreement including the Incorporated Terms. If Company asks for Quantcast’s assistance with Company’s use of the Services, Company consents to the actions and/or inactions that Quantcast takes on its behalf and retains sole responsibility for such assisted use of the Services.
Company will not: (a) attempt to circumvent any Platform security measure, (b) share its access credentials, (c) grant direct or indirect access to the Platform to any third-party (other than an Authorized User of a Client, if applicable), (d) reproduce,
distribute
, modify, prepare derivative works of, translate, reverse engineer, reverse compile, or disassemble the Services, including Platform Data, (e) introduce viruses or other malware into the Platform or to end users via Ads, (f) share reports generated by the Services with any third-party (other than the relevant Client who is obligated to treat such reports confidentially) or (g) create or enrich profiles of individual end users on the basis of Campaign Data (defined below) or information derived from Campaign Data, including the third-party media (e.g., webpages, apps, video and other content/properties) that the end users have visited or the content or general interest area of such media. For example, Company may not create an audience of Conde Nast end users based on information derived or obtained by using the Services.
For the avoidance of doubt, Quantcast may collect analytics information about its customers’ use of the Services (e.g., how Authorized Users engage with the Platform user interface, etc.) for purposes of understanding how its customers use the Services and providing, customizing, and improving the Services.
Quantcast
reserves the right but not the obligation to place the AdChoices icon (or a similar icon) on Ads that do not already include such icon.
Except
as expressly set forth in this Agreement, neither party grants the other party any rights, express or implied, and each party reserves all rights. If Company
provides Quantcast with feedback regarding the Services, Company hereby grants Quantcast a perpetual, irrevocable, fully paid up right and license to such feedback, without accounting, attribution, or compensation to Company.
Data
Issues
Data
Definitions
:
“
Aggregated Data
” means generalized, combined data from numerous campaigns of multiple Quantcast customers, including Company, that concerns campaign parameters, goals, or performance results of such campaigns and that does not permit identification of Company or any other Quantcast custom
er of the Services.
“
Campaign Data
” means the campaign-related reporting data generated in the course of the Services and provided to Company under this Agreement, such as Campaign performance reports. For the avoidance of doubt, Campaign Data does not include Tag Data.
“
Campaign Tag
” means a tag, pixel or other element provided by Quantcast to Company for Company or Clients to place on Company Media to enable the collection of Tag Data. For clarity, the term “Campaign Tags” does not refer to any ad serving tags provided by Quantcast (i.e., if Company elects to use Quantcast ad serving).
“
Company Data
” means all information and materials that are onboarded to Company’s account in the Platform, whether directly or via a third-party (e.g., an onboarding service provider). Without limiting the foregoing, Company Data includes all Campaign parameters (the data entered into the Platform for a Campaign such as name, budget, targeting strategy, etc.), Tag Data and any data onboarded by or on behalf of Company (e.g., first and/or third-party audiences). Company Data is a subset of Company’s Confidential Information.
“
Company Media
”
means
the websites, apps and other digital properties or content associated with Ads, including the webpages, app screens and other digital properties on which Company or Clients place Campaign Tags
.
“
Model
” means the predictive profile of shared attributes and characteristics of a group of end
users that Company desires to reach in a Campaign, created algorithmically by deriving observations from Company Data and Platform Data. For the avoidance of doubt, Models do not include any data at individual end
u
ser level or any end
u
ser-level identifiers that may be used to distinguish one end
u
ser from another end
u
ser (such as an end
u
ser ID or IP address).
“
Platform Data
” means the data residing in the Platform or otherwise generated or used
in connection with
the Servic
es that does not constitute Company Data or
Campaign
Data, including Aggregated Data, Models, and third-party data (“
Third-Party Data
”). Some Platform Data may be presented to Company in the Platform user interface while other Platform Data may be used by the Platform on the back end (i.e., behind the scenes) to provide the Services. Platform Data is a subset of Quantcast’s Confidential Information.
“
Tag Data
” means the data collected via Campaign Tags.
Company Data
: As between the parties, Company Data is the exclusive property of Company and/or the applicable Client. As to all Company Data (whether provided by Company, Client or a third
-
party on Company’s or a Client’s behalf), Company
represents
and warrants that it has sufficient rights to provide Company Data for use by Quantcast in compliance with this Agreement. Quantcast may use Company Data solely in compliance with the DPAs (including to create Models for Company,
deliver
Campaigns and create audience insights, etc.). Quantcast will not share Company Data with any third
-
party except to the extent that Company reque
sts third-party services that utilize Company Data (e.g., third-party measurement),
Company Data is included as a customary field in the data accessible to Inventory Providers and other technical service providers (e.g., bidstream and reporting data)
or as otherwise authorized by Company
. In addition, Quantcast may use
non-company-identifiable inferences made from Tag Data
to produce, and as contained in, the Aggregated Data.
Platform Data
: As between the parties, Platform Data is the exclusive property of Quantcast (or its third-party partners). Company may use Platform Data (whether directly, to the extent presented to Company in the Platform, or indirectly, to the extent used by the Platform to enable the Services) solely internally and solely for the purpose of using the Services as described in this Agreement. As to any Platform Data that Company can access and export using the self
-serve features of the Platform
, Company will not share such Platform Data with any third
-
party except, if applicable, Company’s Client(s) that such Platform Data pertains to and/or third-party service providers who are each under confidentiality restrictions, and subject to the terms of this Agreement
.
If Quantcast provides Company with
Platform Data outside the self-serve
features
of the Platform (
e.g.
,
further detail about available audien
ces, e
tc.)
, such Platform
Data
is subject to any applicable Additional Terms.
Company will not attempt to extract or recreate any Third-Party Data or other Platform Data that is not readily accessible via the normal functionality presented in the Platform or assemble similar data or audience segments itself (directly or indirectly through a third
-
party) on the basis of Third-Party Data or other Platform Data or information derived from the use of such data under this Agreement.
Campaign
Data
: Company may use
Campaign
Data for its internal business purposes provided that (a) it complies with its privacy policy, (b) it complies with the terms of this Agreement, and (c) it does not disclose
Campaign Data
to any
third-
party except, if applicable, Company’s
Client(s) that such Campaign Data pertains to and/or
third-party service providers who are each under confidentiality restrictions, and subject to the terms of this Agreement. Quantcast may use
Campaign
Data (i) to provide the Services, and (ii)
within a customary field in the data accessible to Inventory Providers and other technical service providers (e.g., bidstream and reporting data) or as otherwise authorized by Company.
Models
:
Models reside solely within the Platform and are not directly accessible to Company. Company’s license above
includes
the ability to use Models as an integrated part of the Services, solely for the purpose of
selecting
and gaining insights about the end users that Company wishes to reach with its Campaigns.  Quantcast will not share Models generated in connection with C
ompany’s Campaigns
with other customers.
Client Data
: Upon request from a Client, Quantcast is authorized to use the Client Data associated with such Client in
accordance
with
such
request (including sharing such Client Data with another entity within the Quantcast Platform). For clarity, “
Client
Data
” means the (i)
Tag Data from
Client websites, apps and/or other digital properties; and (ii) Quantcast’s proprietary analysis of such data. Client Data does not include any predictive models or data segments created using the Tag Data or any Campaign
Data
generated from Campaigns delivered using such Client Data.
No Off-Platform Use
: Company will not use the Services, the
Campaign
Data, or any information derived from the Services, Models or
Campaign
Data to create or enrich profiles of individual end users or to
retarget any end user except via the Services.
Compliance and Privacy
Each party will comply with all applicable laws and regulations (Quantcast in its provision of the Services in the form provided by Quantcast and Company in its use of the Services), including Applicable Privacy Laws and applicable self-regulatory principles, such as the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising (“
DAA
”) or the Network Advertising Initiative Code of Conduct (“
NAI
”). “
Applicable Privacy Laws
” means US State Privacy Laws and International Privacy Laws (defined in the linked DPAs). Company will comply with the Incorporated Terms.
Company will not use the Service with any (a) Direct Identifiers, any special or sensitive categories of personal data as defined by Applicable Privacy Laws, including by placing Campaign Tags on Ads or Company Media whose content reveals special or sensitive categories of personal data of an end user, or personal data relating to criminal offenses or criminal convictions; or (b) any data of children, including by placing Campaign Tags on Ads or Company Media directed at children (collectively, “
Prohibited Data
”). “
Direct Identifier
” means any information that identifies a particular individual without additional information, including name, address, mobile number, email address, financial account number or government-issued identifier. Direct Identifiers do not include pseudonymous identifiers such as IP address, cookie ID and certain hashed identifiers (e.g., email addresses that have been encoded using a cryptographic hashing function to obfuscate the email). For purposes of this Agreement, “
children
” refers to anyone age 16 or under or such other age specified by Applicable Privacy Laws under which the processing of personal information is prohibited or requires opt-in or parental consent.
Third
-Party Services
If Company uses any third-party branded product or service in connection with the Services (including Third-Party Data made available for use via the Services) (“
Third-Party Service
”), the following additional terms apply.
Company is solely responsible for complying with any applicable third-party terms and requirements. For Third-Party Services offered via the Platform, such third-party terms and requirements may be provided in the Platform, the Additional Terms, otherwise by Quantcast or by the third-party.
Quantcast is not responsible for Third-Party Services and makes no representations as to such services, including their privacy practices. Quantcast cannot guarantee continued availability or pricing of Third-Party Services and may stop enabling access to them without liability. Company may be required to register for or log into Third-Party Services on their respective websites or to share Company Data with Third-Party Services (e.g., services requiring data integration).
Marketing, Publicity
Quantcast may include Company’s name and logo in descriptions of Quantcast’s partners on its website, in media, in promotional materials, and in the Platform. Company will not use Quantcast’s name or logo without prior written permission. All goodwill from the use of Quantcast’s name or logo inures to Quantcast. Neither party will make a press release or any other public statement about this Agreement without the other party’s prior agreement (email sufficing).
Confidentiality
“
Confidential Information
” means
information that the disclosing party identifies as confidential or the receiving party should reasonably understand to be confidential given the circumstances of the disclosure and the nature of the information. Confidential Information does not include information that the receiving party can demonstrate: (a) it knew without restriction before receipt from the disclosing party, (b) is publicly available through no fault of the receiving party, (c) it rightfully received from a third-party without a duty of confidentiality, or (d) is independently developed without use of or reference to Confidential Information. The receiving party may use Confidential Information only to fulfill its obligations under this Agreement and must use at least reasonable care to prevent any unauthorized use or disclosure of Confidential Information, but in any event no less stringent a standard than receiving party applies to its own Confidential Information. The receiving party may share Confidential Information with its employees, agents and contractors who need to know it, as long as they are bound to confidentiality obligations that are consistent with this Agreement, provided that the receiving party shall remain solely responsible for their compliance with this Agreement. If compelled to do so by law, the receiving party may disclose Confidential Information as long as it provides reasonable prior notice to the disclosing party (unless legally prohibited).  For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Agreement prohibits Quantcast from using and sharing high level data that is compiled and summarized from the combination of Campaign Data with equivalent data generated by campaigns of other Quantcast customers, that does not allow identification of Company or Clients. Company will delete all Quantcast Confidential Information promptly upon termination of this Agreement.
Indemnity
Quantcast shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Company and its directors, officers, employees and agents, and their respective successors, heirs and assigns (“
Company Parties
”) against any claim, liability, damage, loss or expense (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs) (“
Liabilities
”) incurred by the Company Parties in connection with any third-party claim (including any regulatory or governmental action) (“
Claim
”) that Quantcast’s proprietary technology that provides the Services, in the form provided by Quantcast, infringes any patent or other third-party intellectual property right. Company shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Quantcast, its affiliated entities, and its and their directors, officers, employees and agents, and its and their respective successors, heirs and assigns (“
Quantcast Parties
”) against any Liabilities incurred by the Quantcast Parties in connection with any Claim arising out of or relating to (a) Company’s (including any Client’s, if applicable) use of the Services or Third-Party Services in violation of this Agreement; (b) Company Data or Ads; (c) the nature of Company’s or any Client’s products, services and industry, including without limitation any claims in the nature of product liability or any claim or allegation that such services or products are not in compliance with applicable industry-specific laws, or (d) breach of Sections 6.2. 6.3, 7 or 8.
The indemnified party will promptly notify the indemnifying party of any indemnified claim (provided that failure to notify promptly will only relieve the indemnifying party of its obligations to the extent it demonstrates material prejudice from the failure) and at the indemnifying party’s expense, provide assistance reasonably necessary to defend such claim. The indemnifying party will not enter into any settlement or compromise that does not fully absolve the indemnified party of liability.
Quantcast will have no obligation for any claim arising from or related to (a) compliance with Company specifications, (b) combination of the Services with products or services not supplied by Quantcast, (c) adaptation or modification of the Services or Campaign Data, (d) Company’s failure to follow instructions provided by Quantcast that would have cured the cause of action, (e) use of the Services or Campaign Data other than as described herein, or (f) Inventory or Third-Party Services selected by Company. In such cases, Company will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the Quantcast Parties from and against any Liabilities arising directly or indirectly from such claims.
If Quantcast’s right to provide the Services is enjoined or in Quantcast’s opinion is likely to be enjoined, Quantcast may obtain the right to continue providing the Services, replace or modify the Services so that they become non-infringing or terminate this Agreement.  Quantcast’s obligations as stated in this Section 12 are Quantcast’s sole and exclusive liability and Company’s sole remedy as to infringement.
Account Closure, Termination and Suspension
Company may close its account at any time via the Platform. Quantcast may terminate this Agreement upon notice for any reason or no reason. Sections 5, 6.6, 7 and 11-15 will survive account closure and/or termination.
Without limiting any other remedies, Quantcast may immediately suspend or terminate any individual Campaign, Authorized User’s access, and/or Company or Client account, including if Quantcast in its sole discretion suspects that a Campaign, Authorized User, Client, or Company is in breach this Agreement (including failure to comply with the Incorporated Terms. If Quantcast suspends or closes Company’s account, Company may not re-open an account without Quantcast’s prior written approval.
DISCLAIMER, LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
QUANTCAST MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE BENEFITS FROM THE SERVICES, OR THAT THE PLATFORM OR ANY INFORMATION WILL BE ERROR-FREE, ALWAYS AVAILABLE OR OPERATE WITHOUT LOSS OR CORRUPTION OF DATA OR TECHNICAL MALFUNCTION. QUANTCAST HAS NO LIABILITY FOR THIRD-PARTY SERVICES. QUANTCAST MAY MODIFY OR DISCONTINUE ANY OR ALL SERVICES AT ANY TIME, FOR ANY OR NO REASON, WITH OR WITHOUT NOTICE.
EXCEPT FOR CLAIMS RELATING TO INDEMNIFICATION (SECTION 12), NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING AS A RESULT OF DELAYS, LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OF USE OR LOSS OF PROFIT) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, HOWEVER CAUSED AND UNDER WHATEVER CAUSE OF ACTION OR THEORY OF LIABILITY BROUGHT (INCLUDING CONTRACT OR NEGLIGENCE), EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. NOTHING IN THIS SECTION 14.2 LIMITS ANY LIABILITY FOR FRAUD, FRAUDULENT MISREPRESENTATION, OR ANY OTHER LIABILITY WHICH CANNOT LEGALLY BE LIMITED.
EXCEPT FOR CLAIMS RELATING TO PAYMENTS DUE (SECTION 5), AND/OR INDEMNIFICATION (SECTION 12), IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY’S TOTAL AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR ALL CLAIMS ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE GREATER OF (A) ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND U.S. DOLLARS (US $100,000) OR (B) THE ACTUAL AMOUNT PAID AND/OR PAYABLE TO QUANTCAST FOR THE PROVISION OF SERVICES TO COMPANY IN THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS PRIOR TO THE DATE THE LIABILITY FIRST AROSE.
The limitations and exclusions contained in this Agreement represent the parties’ agreement based upon the perceived level of risk associated with this Agreement and the payments made hereunder.
General
.
This Agreement is the entire agreement of the parties relating to the Services and it supersedes all other commitments and understandings with respect to the Services. For the avoidance of doubt, this Agreement does not apply to Quantcast Measure. To the extent that Incorporated Terms conflict with the main body of this Agreement, the Incorporated Terms will control.
Except for Quantcast’s right to make changes as described herein, no changes to this Agreement are effective unless such changes are in writing and signed by Quantcast.
This Agreement and all matters arising out of or relating to this Agreement will be governed by (i) the laws of the State of California if Quantcast is Quantcast Corp.; (ii) the laws of New South Wales, Australia if Quantcast is Quantcast Australia Pty. Ltd.; or (iii) the laws of Ireland if Quantcast is Quantcast International Limited, each without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Any legal action or proceeding relating to this Agreement will be brought exclusively in (i) the state or federal courts in the Northern District of California if Quantcast is Quantcast Corp.; (ii) the relevant courts in New South Wales, Australia if Quantcast is Quantcast Australia Pty. Ltd.; or (iii) the relevant courts in Dublin, Ireland if Quantcast is Quantcast International Limited. Quantcast and Company hereby agree to submit to the jurisdiction of, and agree that venue is proper in, these courts (as applicable). Actions arising under or related to this Agreement or the Services must be brought in the initiating party’s individual capacity, not as a plaintiff or class member in any class action or similar proceeding.
The Services may be subject to export and/or import control laws and regulations. Company is solely responsible for complying with all applicable export control laws and regulations.
Unless provided otherwise in the Additional Terms, there are no third-party beneficiaries to this Agreement.
All notices will be in writing. Notices to Company may be delivered via the Platform or sent to the address associated with Company’s account. Notices to Quantcast will be sent to the applicable physical and addresses set forth below for Quantcast. Notice will be deemed to have been given upon: (a) the date actually delivered in person; (b) the day after the date sent by overnight courier; or (c) the date posted in the Platform by Quantcast. Notices may be confirmed by email.
Quantcast Corp
.: 795 Folsom Street, San Francisco, CA 94107
Quantcast Australia Pty. Ltd
.: 99 Elizabeth Street, Sydney 2000 NSW, Australia
Quantcast International Limited
: Beaux Lane House, Lower Mercer Street, Dublin 2, Ireland
Attn
: Legal Department
Email
: legal@quantcast.com
Quantcast will not be liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder on account of events beyond Quantcast’s reasonable control.
This Agreement and the licenses granted herein are not transferable or assignable without prior written consent of the non-transferring or non-assigning party except that a party may upon written notice assign this Agreement to an acquirer of substantially all of that party’s assets, stock or business by sale, merger or otherwise or to an Affiliate. “
Affiliate
” means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party. Any assignment or transfer in violation of this section will be null and void. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of the successors and permitted assigns of the parties.
The parties have been represented in execution of this Agreement by legal counsel or have voluntarily declined to seek such counsel. If any provision of this Agreement is unenforceable, the validity of the remaining provisions will not be affected.
Quantcast’s failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. Any waiver of any provision of this Agreement will be effective only if made explicitly, in writing and signed by Quantcast.
Effective February 12th 2024
to
February 12th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
QUANTCAST  BUYER TERMS
Last Updated: January 16, 2023
If Company has an active, duly executed contract for one or more of the Services, that existing agreement will govern Company’s use of such Services within the scope of such agreement instead of this Quantcast Master Services Agreement (“
Agreement
”).
This Agreement is a legally binding contract between Quantcast and Company. “
Company
” means (A) when an individual accepts this Agreement on his or her own behalf, such individual, or (B) when an individual accepts this Agreement on behalf of a company or other legal entity, that company or legal entity.  “
Quantcast
” means (X) Quantcast Corp. if Company is domiciled in the United States, (Y) Quantcast Australia Pty. Ltd. if Company is domiciled in any country or territory located in the Asia Pacific (APAC) region and (Z) Quantcast International Limited if Company is domiciled in any other country or territory.
Quantcast may modify this Agreement. Quantcast will notify Company by making the revised version available on this page or an identified successor page, and an updated revision date will indicate that changes have been made. If Company does not accept the changes, Company must stop using the Services. Company’s continued use of the Services after Quantcast publishes changes means that Company consents to the updates.
Incorporated Terms
This Agreement incorporates the following additional terms (“
Incorporated Terms
”), as updated from time to time:
Quantcast Campaign Policy
(“
Campaign Policy
”)
Privacy Implementation for Quantcast Advertiser Partners
(“
Privacy Implementation
”)
US State Data Privacy Addendum
, to the extent
the Services include processing Personal Information
subject to U.S. State Privacy Laws (as defined in such Addendum) (“
DPA
”)
International Data Privacy Addendum
, to the extent that the Services include processing Personal Data subject to International Privacy Laws (as defined in such Addendum)
(also “
DPA
”)
Any applicable
Additional Terms
(defined below)
Services
“
Services
”
means
the
Quantcast platform (“
Platform
”)
and, to the extent provided by Quantcast under this Agreement, Campaign Tags, Platform Data, and any other services provided by Quantcast. The Services may permit Company to purchase ad placements on third-party media (e.g., webpages, apps, video, and other content/properties) (“
Inventory
”) that are made available by third-party providers (“
Inventory Providers
”) and Third-Party Services (defined below). For clarity, the “Services” do not include Inventory or Third-Party Services.
Some Services may be subject to different or additional terms (“
Additional Terms
”) that are
described on the Additional Terms page linked above, in the Platform or otherwise made available to Company in writing.
Unless the parties agree in writing for Quantcast to provide campaign management services or professional services, the Services do not include those services.
Accounts and Authorized Users
Company will ensure its account information is accurate and current. Company will promptly notify Quantcast of any accidental disclosure or unauthorized use of Company access credentials. Quantcast may review and, if needed, correct, the information and setup associated with Company’s account and Authorized Users.
“
Authorized User
” means an individual authorized by Company to use Company’s account on the Platform.
Each Authorized User must use unique access credentials
. Company acknowledges that
each Authorized User may have the ability to add and terminate other Authorized Users. Company is solely responsible for all Authorized Users and all activity under its account, including the confidentiality of all access credentials. Company will immediately notify Quantcast of any accidental disclosure or unauthorized use of any access credentials. Company will ensure that all Authorized Users use Company’s account solely on behalf of Company, and are aware of, and comply with, this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, Company is liable for any breach of this Agreement by any Authorized User.
Company
Clients
If Company is using the Services on behalf of third-party clients (“
Clients
”), Company represents and warrants that it has all rights and authorizations needed to do so. Company will only use the Services for Clients with which Company has a direct written agreement and will obligate its Clients to comply with this Agreement, including the Incorporated Terms. Company is responsible for the actions and/or inactions of Clients and for ensuring their compliance.
Fees and Payment
Fees will be provided in the Platform or by other written means.
Unless Quantcast approves a different payment arrangement in writing, Company authorizes Quantcast to charge amounts owed under this Agreement to Company’s credit card, or to receive payment via wire transfer, automatic ACH, or such other similar payment method, at Quantcast’s option. Company will provide its most current credit card and/or other information required to complete payment, and keep such information updated if it changes. For the avoidance of doubt, if Company makes credit card, wire transfer or ACH payments or such other similar payment method, Company agrees to the applicable third-party terms as set forth in the Additional Terms. If Quantcast provides Company with the ability to pay invoices in arrears, Company will pay invoices upon receipt.  Quantcast may revise Company’s credit limit or require prepayment at any time in its sole discretion. Quantcast may charge interest at a rate of 2% per month (or the legal maximum, whichever is lower) for late payments. Company is responsible for reasonable out-of-pocket costs that Quantcast incurs to collect unpaid invoices. All payment obligations are non-cancelable and all amounts paid for Services provided are non-refundable. If Company requires a purchase order to make payments, Company will include the corresponding purchase order number in the Platform. All amounts due must be paid without setoff or deduction.
Company is solely responsible for all amounts due for any Third-Party Services (defined below) that Company opts to use. Company acknowledges that any charges for Third-Party Services shown in the Platform or otherwise provided by Quantcast are based on the information Quantcast receives from the third parties and are subject to the final amounts charged by such third parties.
Quantcast is the system of record and is solely responsible for calculating all metrics related to the Services, including all amounts owed under this Agreement. Company acknowledges that all amounts shown in Platform reporting are preliminary and final amounts will be as invoiced or billed by Quantcast.
All charges under this Agreement are exclusive of all taxes and duties, if any. Company is responsible for and must pay all sales and use or other transactional taxes and duties including interest and penalty imposed on the amounts charged hereunder, or from the performance of this Agreement for which Quantcast issues an invoice. Company will promptly reimburse Quantcast for any such tax or duty and indemnify Quantcast and hold Quantcast harmless for any such taxes and duties that Quantcast must pay to a tax authority for which Company is responsible. If Company claims a tax exemption, Company must provide Quantcast with appropriate exemption certificates or documentation charges (including, without limitation, VAT or GST) acceptable to tax authorities.
Services
License and Requirements
Company may use the Services solely as set forth in this Agreement.
Subject
to this Agreement, Quantcast grants Company a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, and non-sublicensable license to (a) access and use the Platform on a self-serve basis, and (b) use the Platform Data presented in the Platform user interface solely for the purpose of using the Services.
If Company uses the Services to manage Campaigns and purchase Inventory, Company will obtain all rights necessary to perform tracking and analytics, and store and serve the advertisements (“
Ads
”) associated with Company’s campaigns (“
Campaigns
”), including ad creatives. Company will not use the Services with Ads that violate any applicable laws, regulations, third-party rights, or this Agreement including the Incorporated Terms. If Company asks for Quantcast’s assistance with Company’s use of the Services, Company consents to the actions and/or inactions that Quantcast takes on its behalf and retains sole responsibility for such assisted use of the Services.
Company will not: (a) attempt to circumvent any Platform security measure, (b) share its access credentials, (c) grant direct or indirect access to the Platform to any third-party (other than an Authorized User of a Client, if applicable), (d) reproduce,
distribute
, modify, prepare derivative works of, translate, reverse engineer, reverse compile, or disassemble the Services, including Platform Data, (e) introduce viruses or other malware into the Platform or to end users via Ads, (f) share reports generated by the Services with any third-party (other than the relevant Client who is obligated to treat such reports confidentially) or (g) create or enrich profiles of individual end users on the basis of Campaign Data (defined below) or information derived from Campaign Data, including the third-party media (e.g., webpages, apps, video and other content/properties) that the end users have visited or the content or general interest area of such media. For example, Company may not create an audience of Conde Nast end users based on information derived or obtained by using the Services.
For the avoidance of doubt, Quantcast may collect analytics information about its customers’ use of the Services (e.g., how Authorized Users engage with the Platform user interface, etc.) for purposes of understanding how its customers use the Services and providing, customizing, and improving the Services.
Quantcast
reserves the right but not the obligation to place the AdChoices icon (or a similar icon) on Ads that do not already include such icon.
Except
as expressly set forth in this Agreement, neither party grants the other party any rights, express or implied, and each party reserves all rights. If Company
provides Quantcast with feedback regarding the Services, Company hereby grants Quantcast a perpetual, irrevocable, fully paid up right and license to such feedback, without accounting, attribution, or compensation to Company.
Data
Issues
Data
Definitions
:
“
Aggregated Data
” means generalized, combined data from numerous campaigns of multiple Quantcast customers, including Company, that concerns campaign parameters, goals, or performance results of such campaigns and that does not permit identification of Company or any other Quantcast custom
er of the Services.
“
Campaign Data
” means the campaign-related reporting data generated in the course of the Services and provided to Company under this Agreement, such as Campaign performance reports. For the avoidance of doubt, Campaign Data does not include Tag Data.
“
Campaign Tag
” means a tag, pixel or other element provided by Quantcast to Company for Company or Clients to place on Company Media to enable the collection of Tag Data. For clarity, the term “Campaign Tags” does not refer to any ad serving tags provided by Quantcast (i.e., if Company elects to use Quantcast ad serving).
“
Company Data
” means all information and materials that are onboarded to Company’s account in the Platform, whether directly or via a third-party (e.g., an onboarding service provider). Without limiting the foregoing, Company Data includes all Campaign parameters (the data entered into the Platform for a Campaign such as name, budget, targeting strategy, etc.), Tag Data and any data onboarded by or on behalf of Company (e.g., first and/or third-party audiences). Company Data is a subset of Company’s Confidential Information.
“
Company Media
”
means
the websites, apps and other digital properties or content associated with Ads, including the webpages, app screens and other digital properties on which Company or Clients place Campaign Tags
.
“
Model
” means the predictive profile of shared attributes and characteristics of a group of end
users that Company desires to reach in a Campaign, created algorithmically by deriving observations from Company Data and Platform Data. For the avoidance of doubt, Models do not include any data at individual end
u
ser level or any end
u
ser-level identifiers that may be used to distinguish one end
u
ser from another end
u
ser (such as an end
u
ser ID or IP address).
“
Platform Data
” means the data residing in the Platform or otherwise generated or used
in connection with
the Servic
es that does not constitute Company Data or
Campaign
Data, including Aggregated Data, Models, and third-party data (“
Third-Party Data
”). Some Platform Data may be presented to Company in the Platform user interface while other Platform Data may be used by the Platform on the back end (i.e., behind the scenes) to provide the Services. Platform Data is a subset of Quantcast’s Confidential Information.
“
Tag Data
” means the data collected via Campaign Tags.
Company Data
: As between the parties, Company Data is the exclusive property of Company and/or the applicable Client. As to all Company Data (whether provided by Company, Client or a third
-
party on Company’s or a Client’s behalf), Company
represents
and warrants that it has sufficient rights to provide Company Data for use by Quantcast in compliance with this Agreement. Quantcast may use Company Data solely in compliance with the DPAs (including to create Models for Company,
deliver
Campaigns and create audience insights, etc.). Quantcast will not share Company Data with any third
-
party except to the extent that Company reque
sts third-party services that utilize Company Data (e.g., third-party measurement),
Company Data is included as a customary field in the data accessible to Inventory Providers and other technical service providers (e.g., bidstream and reporting data)
or as otherwise authorized by Company
. In addition, Quantcast may use
non-company-identifiable inferences made from Tag Data
to produce, and as contained in, the Aggregated Data.
Platform Data
: As between the parties, Platform Data is the exclusive property of Quantcast (or its third-party partners). Company may use Platform Data (whether directly, to the extent presented to Company in the Platform, or indirectly, to the extent used by the Platform to enable the Services) solely internally and solely for the purpose of using the Services as described in this Agreement. As to any Platform Data that Company can access and export using the self
-serve features of the Platform
, Company will not share such Platform Data with any third
-
party except, if applicable, Company’s Client(s) that such Platform Data pertains to and/or third-party service providers who are each under confidentiality restrictions, and subject to the terms of this Agreement
.
If Quantcast provides Company with
Platform Data outside the self-serve
features
of the Platform (
e.g.
,
further detail about available audien
ces, e
tc.)
, such Platform
Data
is subject to any applicable Additional Terms.
Company will not attempt to extract or recreate any Third-Party Data or other Platform Data that is not readily accessible via the normal functionality presented in the Platform or assemble similar data or audience segments itself (directly or indirectly through a third
-
party) on the basis of Third-Party Data or other Platform Data or information derived from the use of such data under this Agreement.
Campaign
Data
: Company may use
Campaign
Data for its internal business purposes provided that (a) it complies with its privacy policy, (b) it complies with the terms of this Agreement, and (c) it does not disclose
Campaign Data
to any
third-
party except, if applicable, Company’s
Client(s) that such Campaign Data pertains to and/or
third-party service providers who are each under confidentiality restrictions, and subject to the terms of this Agreement. Quantcast may use
Campaign
Data (i) to provide the Services, and (ii)
within a customary field in the data accessible to Inventory Providers and other technical service providers (e.g., bidstream and reporting data) or as otherwise authorized by Company.
Models
:
Models reside solely within the Platform and are not directly accessible to Company. Company’s license above
includes
the ability to use Models as an integrated part of the Services, solely for the purpose of
selecting
and gaining insights about the end users that Company wishes to reach with its Campaigns.  Quantcast will not share Models generated in connection with C
ompany’s Campaigns
with other customers.
Client Data
: Upon request from a Client, Quantcast is authorized to use the Client Data associated with such Client in
accordance
with
such
request (including sharing such Client Data with another entity within the Quantcast Platform). For clarity, “
Client
Data
” means the (i)
Tag Data from
Client websites, apps and/or other digital properties; and (ii) Quantcast’s proprietary analysis of such data. Client Data does not include any predictive models or data segments created using the Tag Data or any Campaign
Data
generated from Campaigns delivered using such Client Data.
No Off-Platform Use
: Company will not use the Services, the
Campaign
Data, or any information derived from the Services, Models or
Campaign
Data to create or enrich profiles of individual end users or to
retarget any end user except via the Services.
Compliance and Privacy
Each party will comply with all applicable laws and regulations (Quantcast in its provision of the Services in the form provided by Quantcast and Company in its use of the Services), including Applicable Privacy Laws and applicable self-regulatory principles, such as the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising (“
DAA
”) or the Network Advertising Initiative Code of Conduct (“
NAI
”). “
Applicable Privacy Laws
” means US State Privacy Laws and International Privacy Laws (defined in the linked DPAs). Company will comply with the Incorporated Terms.
Company will not use the Service with any (a) Direct Identifiers, any special or sensitive categories of personal data as defined by Applicable Privacy Laws, including by placing Campaign Tags on Ads or Company Media whose content reveals special or sensitive categories of personal data of an end user, or personal data relating to criminal offenses or criminal convictions; or (b) any data of children, including by placing Campaign Tags on Ads or Company Media directed at children (collectively, “
Prohibited Data
”). “
Direct Identifier
” means any information that identifies a particular individual without additional information, including name, address, mobile number, email address, financial account number or government-issued identifier. Direct Identifiers do not include pseudonymous identifiers such as IP address, cookie ID and certain hashed identifiers (e.g., email addresses that have been encoded using a cryptographic hashing function to obfuscate the email). For purposes of this Agreement, “
children
” refers to anyone age 16 or under or such other age specified by Applicable Privacy Laws under which the processing of personal information is prohibited or requires opt-in or parental consent.
Third
-Party Services
If Company uses any third-party branded product or service in connection with the Services (including Third-Party Data made available for use via the Services) (“
Third-Party Service
”), the following additional terms apply.
Company is solely responsible for complying with any applicable third-party terms and requirements. For Third-Party Services offered via the Platform, such third-party terms and requirements may be provided in the Platform, the Additional Terms, otherwise by Quantcast or by the third-party.
Quantcast is not responsible for Third-Party Services and makes no representations as to such services, including their privacy practices. Quantcast cannot guarantee continued availability or pricing of Third-Party Services and may stop enabling access to them without liability. Company may be required to register for or log into Third-Party Services on their respective websites or to share Company Data with Third-Party Services (e.g., services requiring data integration).
Marketing, Publicity
Quantcast may include Company’s name and logo in descriptions of Quantcast’s partners on its website, in media, in promotional materials, and in the Platform. Company will not use Quantcast’s name or logo without prior written permission. All goodwill from the use of Quantcast’s name or logo inures to Quantcast. Neither party will make a press release or any other public statement about this Agreement without the other party’s prior agreement (email sufficing).
Confidentiality
“
Confidential Information
” means
information that the disclosing party identifies as confidential or the receiving party should reasonably understand to be confidential given the circumstances of the disclosure and the nature of the information. Confidential Information does not include information that the receiving party can demonstrate: (a) it knew without restriction before receipt from the disclosing party, (b) is publicly available through no fault of the receiving party, (c) it rightfully received from a third-party without a duty of confidentiality, or (d) is independently developed without use of or reference to Confidential Information. The receiving party may use Confidential Information only to fulfill its obligations under this Agreement and must use at least reasonable care to prevent any unauthorized use or disclosure of Confidential Information, but in any event no less stringent a standard than receiving party applies to its own Confidential Information. The receiving party may share Confidential Information with its employees, agents and contractors who need to know it, as long as they are bound to confidentiality obligations that are consistent with this Agreement, provided that the receiving party shall remain solely responsible for their compliance with this Agreement. If compelled to do so by law, the receiving party may disclose Confidential Information as long as it provides reasonable prior notice to the disclosing party (unless legally prohibited).  For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Agreement prohibits Quantcast from using and sharing high level data that is compiled and summarized from the combination of Campaign Data with equivalent data generated by campaigns of other Quantcast customers, that does not allow identification of Company or Clients. Company will delete all Quantcast Confidential Information promptly upon termination of this Agreement.
Indemnity
Quantcast shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Company and its directors, officers, employees and agents, and their respective successors, heirs and assigns (“
Company Parties
”) against any claim, liability, damage, loss or expense (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs) (“
Liabilities
”) incurred by the Company Parties in connection with any third-party claim (including any regulatory or governmental action) (“
Claim
”) that Quantcast’s proprietary technology that provides the Services, in the form provided by Quantcast, infringes any patent or other third-party intellectual property right. Company shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Quantcast, its affiliated entities, and its and their directors, officers, employees and agents, and its and their respective successors, heirs and assigns (“
Quantcast Parties
”) against any Liabilities incurred by the Quantcast Parties in connection with any Claim arising out of or relating to (a) Company’s (including any Client’s, if applicable) use of the Services or Third-Party Services in violation of this Agreement; (b) Company Data or Ads; (c) the nature of Company’s or any Client’s products, services and industry, including without limitation any claims in the nature of product liability or any claim or allegation that such services or products are not in compliance with applicable industry-specific laws, or (d) breach of Sections 6.2. 6.3, 7 or 8.
The indemnified party will promptly notify the indemnifying party of any indemnified claim (provided that failure to notify promptly will only relieve the indemnifying party of its obligations to the extent it demonstrates material prejudice from the failure) and at the indemnifying party’s expense, provide assistance reasonably necessary to defend such claim. The indemnifying party will not enter into any settlement or compromise that does not fully absolve the indemnified party of liability.
Quantcast will have no obligation for any claim arising from or related to (a) compliance with Company specifications, (b) combination of the Services with products or services not supplied by Quantcast, (c) adaptation or modification of the Services or Campaign Data, (d) Company’s failure to follow instructions provided by Quantcast that would have cured the cause of action, (e) use of the Services or Campaign Data other than as described herein, or (f) Inventory or Third-Party Services selected by Company. In such cases, Company will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the Quantcast Parties from and against any Liabilities arising directly or indirectly from such claims.
If Quantcast’s right to provide the Services is enjoined or in Quantcast’s opinion is likely to be enjoined, Quantcast may obtain the right to continue providing the Services, replace or modify the Services so that they become non-infringing or terminate this Agreement.  Quantcast’s obligations as stated in this Section 12 are Quantcast’s sole and exclusive liability and Company’s sole remedy as to infringement.
Account Closure, Termination and Suspension
Company may close its account at any time via the Platform. Quantcast may terminate this Agreement upon notice for any reason or no reason. Sections 5, 6.6, 7 and 11-15 will survive account closure and/or termination.
Without limiting any other remedies, Quantcast may immediately suspend or terminate any individual Campaign, Authorized User’s access, and/or Company or Client account, including if Quantcast in its sole discretion suspects that a Campaign, Authorized User, Client, or Company is in breach this Agreement (including failure to comply with the Incorporated Terms. If Quantcast suspends or closes Company’s account, Company may not re-open an account without Quantcast’s prior written approval.
DISCLAIMER, LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
QUANTCAST MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE BENEFITS FROM THE SERVICES, OR THAT THE PLATFORM OR ANY INFORMATION WILL BE ERROR-FREE, ALWAYS AVAILABLE OR OPERATE WITHOUT LOSS OR CORRUPTION OF DATA OR TECHNICAL MALFUNCTION. QUANTCAST HAS NO LIABILITY FOR THIRD-PARTY SERVICES. QUANTCAST MAY MODIFY OR DISCONTINUE ANY OR ALL SERVICES AT ANY TIME, FOR ANY OR NO REASON, WITH OR WITHOUT NOTICE.
EXCEPT FOR CLAIMS RELATING TO INDEMNIFICATION (SECTION 12), NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING AS A RESULT OF DELAYS, LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OF USE OR LOSS OF PROFIT) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, HOWEVER CAUSED AND UNDER WHATEVER CAUSE OF ACTION OR THEORY OF LIABILITY BROUGHT (INCLUDING CONTRACT OR NEGLIGENCE), EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. NOTHING IN THIS SECTION 14.2 LIMITS ANY LIABILITY FOR FRAUD, FRAUDULENT MISREPRESENTATION, OR ANY OTHER LIABILITY WHICH CANNOT LEGALLY BE LIMITED.
EXCEPT FOR CLAIMS RELATING TO PAYMENTS DUE (SECTION 5), AND/OR INDEMNIFICATION (SECTION 12), IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY’S TOTAL AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR ALL CLAIMS ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE GREATER OF (A) ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND U.S. DOLLARS (US $100,000) OR (B) THE ACTUAL AMOUNT PAID AND/OR PAYABLE TO QUANTCAST FOR THE PROVISION OF SERVICES TO COMPANY IN THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS PRIOR TO THE DATE THE LIABILITY FIRST AROSE.
The limitations and exclusions contained in this Agreement represent the parties’ agreement based upon the perceived level of risk associated with this Agreement and the payments made hereunder.
General
.
This Agreement is the entire agreement of the parties relating to the Services and it supersedes all other commitments and understandings with respect to the Services. For the avoidance of doubt, this Agreement does not apply to Quantcast Measure. To the extent that Incorporated Terms conflict with the main body of this Agreement, the Incorporated Terms will control.
Except for Quantcast’s right to make changes as described herein, no changes to this Agreement are effective unless such changes are in writing and signed by Quantcast.
This Agreement and all matters arising out of or relating to this Agreement will be governed by (i) the laws of the State of California if Quantcast is Quantcast Corp.; (ii) the laws of New South Wales, Australia if Quantcast is Quantcast Australia Pty. Ltd.; or (iii) the laws of Ireland if Quantcast is Quantcast International Limited, each without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Any legal action or proceeding relating to this Agreement will be brought exclusively in (i) the state or federal courts in the Northern District of California if Quantcast is Quantcast Corp.; (ii) the relevant courts in New South Wales, Australia if Quantcast is Quantcast Australia Pty. Ltd.; or (iii) the relevant courts in Dublin, Ireland if Quantcast is Quantcast International Limited. Quantcast and Company hereby agree to submit to the jurisdiction of, and agree that venue is proper in, these courts (as applicable). Actions arising under or related to this Agreement or the Services must be brought in the initiating party’s individual capacity, not as a plaintiff or class member in any class action or similar proceeding.
The Services may be subject to export and/or import control laws and regulations. Company is solely responsible for complying with all applicable export control laws and regulations.
Unless provided otherwise in the Additional Terms, there are no third-party beneficiaries to this Agreement.
All notices will be in writing. Notices to Company may be delivered via the Platform or sent to the address associated with Company’s account. Notices to Quantcast will be sent to the applicable physical and addresses set forth below for Quantcast. Notice will be deemed to have been given upon: (a) the date actually delivered in person; (b) the day after the date sent by overnight courier; or (c) the date posted in the Platform by Quantcast. Notices may be confirmed by email.
Quantcast Corp
.: 795 Folsom Street, San Francisco, CA 94107
Quantcast Australia Pty. Ltd
.: 99 Elizabeth Street, Sydney 2000 NSW, Australia
Quantcast International Limited
: Beaux Lane House, Lower Mercer Street, Dublin 2, Ireland
Attn
: Legal Department
Email
: legal@quantcast.com
Quantcast will not be liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder on account of events beyond Quantcast’s reasonable control.
This Agreement and the licenses granted herein are not transferable or assignable without prior written consent of the non-transferring or non-assigning party except that a party may upon written notice assign this Agreement to an acquirer of substantially all of that party’s assets, stock or business by sale, merger or otherwise or to an Affiliate. “
Affiliate
” means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party. Any assignment or transfer in violation of this section will be null and void. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of the successors and permitted assigns of the parties.
The parties have been represented in execution of this Agreement by legal counsel or have voluntarily declined to seek such counsel. If any provision of this Agreement is unenforceable, the validity of the remaining provisions will not be affected.
Quantcast’s failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. Any waiver of any provision of this Agreement will be effective only if made explicitly, in writing and signed by Quantcast.
Effective January 17th 2024
to
February 12th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
QUANTCAST MASTER BUYER TERMS
Last Updated: January 16, 2023
If Company has an active, duly executed contract for one or more of the Services, that existing agreement will govern Company’s use of such Services within the scope of such agreement instead of this Quantcast Master Services Agreement (“
Agreement
”).
This Agreement is a legally binding contract between Quantcast and Company. “
Company
” means (A) when an individual accepts this Agreement on his or her own behalf, such individual, or (B) when an individual accepts this Agreement on behalf of a company or other legal entity, that company or legal entity.  “
Quantcast
” means (X) Quantcast Corp. if Company is domiciled in the United States, (Y) Quantcast Australia Pty. Ltd. if Company is domiciled in any country or territory located in the Asia Pacific (APAC) region and (Z) Quantcast International Limited if Company is domiciled in any other country or territory.
Quantcast may modify this Agreement. Quantcast will notify Company by making the revised version available on this page or an identified successor page, and an updated revision date will indicate that changes have been made. If Company does not accept the changes, Company must stop using the Services. Company’s continued use of the Services after Quantcast publishes changes means that Company consents to the updates.
Incorporated Terms
This Agreement incorporates the following additional terms (“
Incorporated Terms
”), as updated from time to time:
Quantcast Campaign Policy
(“
Campaign Policy
”)
Privacy Implementation for Quantcast Advertiser Partners
(“
Privacy Implementation
”)
US State Data Privacy Addendum
, to the extent
the Services include processing Personal Information
subject to U.S. State Privacy Laws (as defined in such Addendum) (“
DPA
”)
International Data Privacy Addendum
, to the extent that the Services include processing Personal Data subject to International Privacy Laws (as defined in such Addendum)
(also “
DPA
”)
Any applicable
Additional Terms
(defined below)
Services
“
Services
”
means
the
Quantcast platform (“
Platform
”)
and, to the extent provided by Quantcast under this Agreement, Campaign Tags, Platform Data, and any other services provided by Quantcast. The Services may permit Company to purchase ad placements on third-party media (e.g., webpages, apps, video, and other content/properties) (“
Inventory
”) that are made available by third-party providers (“
Inventory Providers
”) and Third-Party Services (defined below). For clarity, the “Services” do not include Inventory or Third-Party Services.
Some Services may be subject to different or additional terms (“
Additional Terms
”) that are
described on the Additional Terms page linked above, in the Platform or otherwise made available to Company in writing.
Unless the parties agree in writing for Quantcast to provide campaign management services or professional services, the Services do not include those services.
Accounts and Authorized Users
Company will ensure its account information is accurate and current. Company will promptly notify Quantcast of any accidental disclosure or unauthorized use of Company access credentials. Quantcast may review and, if needed, correct, the information and setup associated with Company’s account and Authorized Users.
“
Authorized User
” means an individual authorized by Company to use Company’s account on the Platform.
Each Authorized User must use unique access credentials
. Company acknowledges that
each Authorized User may have the ability to add and terminate other Authorized Users. Company is solely responsible for all Authorized Users and all activity under its account, including the confidentiality of all access credentials. Company will immediately notify Quantcast of any accidental disclosure or unauthorized use of any access credentials. Company will ensure that all Authorized Users use Company’s account solely on behalf of Company, and are aware of, and comply with, this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, Company is liable for any breach of this Agreement by any Authorized User.
Company
Clients
If Company is using the Services on behalf of third-party clients (“
Clients
”), Company represents and warrants that it has all rights and authorizations needed to do so. Company will only use the Services for Clients with which Company has a direct written agreement and will obligate its Clients to comply with this Agreement, including the Incorporated Terms. Company is responsible for the actions and/or inactions of Clients and for ensuring their compliance.
Fees and Payment
Fees will be provided in the Platform or by other written means.
Unless Quantcast approves a different payment arrangement in writing, Company authorizes Quantcast to charge amounts owed under this Agreement to Company’s credit card, or to receive payment via wire transfer, automatic ACH, or such other similar payment method, at Quantcast’s option. Company will provide its most current credit card and/or other information required to complete payment, and keep such information updated if it changes. For the avoidance of doubt, if Company makes credit card, wire transfer or ACH payments or such other similar payment method, Company agrees to the applicable third-party terms as set forth in the Additional Terms. If Quantcast provides Company with the ability to pay invoices in arrears, Company will pay invoices upon receipt.  Quantcast may revise Company’s credit limit or require prepayment at any time in its sole discretion. Quantcast may charge interest at a rate of 2% per month (or the legal maximum, whichever is lower) for late payments. Company is responsible for reasonable out-of-pocket costs that Quantcast incurs to collect unpaid invoices. All payment obligations are non-cancelable and all amounts paid for Services provided are non-refundable. If Company requires a purchase order to make payments, Company will include the corresponding purchase order number in the Platform. All amounts due must be paid without setoff or deduction.
Company is solely responsible for all amounts due for any Third-Party Services (defined below) that Company opts to use. Company acknowledges that any charges for Third-Party Services shown in the Platform or otherwise provided by Quantcast are based on the information Quantcast receives from the third parties and are subject to the final amounts charged by such third parties.
Quantcast is the system of record and is solely responsible for calculating all metrics related to the Services, including all amounts owed under this Agreement. Company acknowledges that all amounts shown in Platform reporting are preliminary and final amounts will be as invoiced or billed by Quantcast.
All charges under this Agreement are exclusive of all taxes and duties, if any. Company is responsible for and must pay all sales and use or other transactional taxes and duties including interest and penalty imposed on the amounts charged hereunder, or from the performance of this Agreement for which Quantcast issues an invoice. Company will promptly reimburse Quantcast for any such tax or duty and indemnify Quantcast and hold Quantcast harmless for any such taxes and duties that Quantcast must pay to a tax authority for which Company is responsible. If Company claims a tax exemption, Company must provide Quantcast with appropriate exemption certificates or documentation charges (including, without limitation, VAT or GST) acceptable to tax authorities.
Services
License and Requirements
Company may use the Services solely as set forth in this Agreement.
Subject
to this Agreement, Quantcast grants Company a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, and non-sublicensable license to (a) access and use the Platform on a self-serve basis, and (b) use the Platform Data presented in the Platform user interface solely for the purpose of using the Services.
If Company uses the Services to manage Campaigns and purchase Inventory, Company will obtain all rights necessary to perform tracking and analytics, and store and serve the advertisements (“
Ads
”) associated with Company’s campaigns (“
Campaigns
”), including ad creatives. Company will not use the Services with Ads that violate any applicable laws, regulations, third-party rights, or this Agreement including the Incorporated Terms. If Company asks for Quantcast’s assistance with Company’s use of the Services, Company consents to the actions and/or inactions that Quantcast takes on its behalf and retains sole responsibility for such assisted use of the Services.
Company will not: (a) attempt to circumvent any Platform security measure, (b) share its access credentials, (c) grant direct or indirect access to the Platform to any third-party (other than an Authorized User of a Client, if applicable), (d) reproduce,
distribute
, modify, prepare derivative works of, translate, reverse engineer, reverse compile, or disassemble the Services, including Platform Data, (e) introduce viruses or other malware into the Platform or to end users via Ads, (f) share reports generated by the Services with any third-party (other than the relevant Client who is obligated to treat such reports confidentially) or (g) create or enrich profiles of individual end users on the basis of Campaign Data (defined below) or information derived from Campaign Data, including the third-party media (e.g., webpages, apps, video and other content/properties) that the end users have visited or the content or general interest area of such media. For example, Company may not create an audience of Conde Nast end users based on information derived or obtained by using the Services.
For the avoidance of doubt, Quantcast may collect analytics information about its customers’ use of the Services (e.g., how Authorized Users engage with the Platform user interface, etc.) for purposes of understanding how its customers use the Services and providing, customizing, and improving the Services.
Quantcast
reserves the right but not the obligation to place the AdChoices icon (or a similar icon) on Ads that do not already include such icon.
Except
as expressly set forth in this Agreement, neither party grants the other party any rights, express or implied, and each party reserves all rights. If Company
provides Quantcast with feedback regarding the Services, Company hereby grants Quantcast a perpetual, irrevocable, fully paid up right and license to such feedback, without accounting, attribution, or compensation to Company.
Data
Issues
Data
Definitions
:
“
Aggregated Data
” means generalized, combined data from numerous campaigns of multiple Quantcast customers, including Company, that concerns campaign parameters, goals, or performance results of such campaigns and that does not permit identification of Company or any other Quantcast custom
er of the Services.
“
Campaign Data
” means the campaign-related reporting data generated in the course of the Services and provided to Company under this Agreement, such as Campaign performance reports. For the avoidance of doubt, Campaign Data does not include Tag Data.
“
Campaign Tag
” means a tag, pixel or other element provided by Quantcast to Company for Company or Clients to place on Company Media to enable the collection of Tag Data. For clarity, the term “Campaign Tags” does not refer to any ad serving tags provided by Quantcast (i.e., if Company elects to use Quantcast ad serving).
“
Company Data
” means all information and materials that are onboarded to Company’s account in the Platform, whether directly or via a third-party (e.g., an onboarding service provider). Without limiting the foregoing, Company Data includes all Campaign parameters (the data entered into the Platform for a Campaign such as name, budget, targeting strategy, etc.), Tag Data and any data onboarded by or on behalf of Company (e.g., first and/or third-party audiences). Company Data is a subset of Company’s Confidential Information.
“
Company Media
”
means
the websites, apps and other digital properties or content associated with Ads, including the webpages, app screens and other digital properties on which Company or Clients place Campaign Tags
.
“
Model
” means the predictive profile of shared attributes and characteristics of a group of end
users that Company desires to reach in a Campaign, created algorithmically by deriving observations from Company Data and Platform Data. For the avoidance of doubt, Models do not include any data at individual end
u
ser level or any end
u
ser-level identifiers that may be used to distinguish one end
u
ser from another end
u
ser (such as an end
u
ser ID or IP address).
“
Platform Data
” means the data residing in the Platform or otherwise generated or used
in connection with
the Servic
es that does not constitute Company Data or
Campaign
Data, including Aggregated Data, Models, and third-party data (“
Third-Party Data
”). Some Platform Data may be presented to Company in the Platform user interface while other Platform Data may be used by the Platform on the back end (i.e., behind the scenes) to provide the Services. Platform Data is a subset of Quantcast’s Confidential Information.
“
Tag Data
” means the data collected via Campaign Tags.
Company Data
: As between the parties, Company Data is the exclusive property of Company and/or the applicable Client. As to all Company Data (whether provided by Company, Client or a third
-
party on Company’s or a Client’s behalf), Company
represents
and warrants that it has sufficient rights to provide Company Data for use by Quantcast in compliance with this Agreement. Quantcast may use Company Data solely in compliance with the DPAs (including to create Models for Company,
deliver
Campaigns and create audience insights, etc.). Quantcast will not share Company Data with any third
-
party except to the extent that Company reque
sts third-party services that utilize Company Data (e.g., third-party measurement),
Company Data is included as a customary field in the data accessible to Inventory Providers and other technical service providers (e.g., bidstream and reporting data)
or as otherwise authorized by Company
. In addition, Quantcast may use
non-company-identifiable inferences made from Tag Data
to produce, and as contained in, the Aggregated Data.
Platform Data
: As between the parties, Platform Data is the exclusive property of Quantcast (or its third-party partners). Company may use Platform Data (whether directly, to the extent presented to Company in the Platform, or indirectly, to the extent used by the Platform to enable the Services) solely internally and solely for the purpose of using the Services as described in this Agreement. As to any Platform Data that Company can access and export using the self
-serve features of the Platform
, Company will not share such Platform Data with any third
-
party except, if applicable, Company’s Client(s) that such Platform Data pertains to and/or third-party service providers who are each under confidentiality restrictions, and subject to the terms of this Agreement
.
If Quantcast provides Company with
Platform Data outside the self-serve
features
of the Platform (
e.g.
,
further detail about available audien
ces, e
tc.)
, such Platform
Data
is subject to any applicable Additional Terms.
Company will not attempt to extract or recreate any Third-Party Data or other Platform Data that is not readily accessible via the normal functionality presented in the Platform or assemble similar data or audience segments itself (directly or indirectly through a third
-
party) on the basis of Third-Party Data or other Platform Data or information derived from the use of such data under this Agreement.
Campaign
Data
: Company may use
Campaign
Data for its internal business purposes provided that (a) it complies with its privacy policy, (b) it complies with the terms of this Agreement, and (c) it does not disclose
Campaign Data
to any
third-
party except, if applicable, Company’s
Client(s) that such Campaign Data pertains to and/or
third-party service providers who are each under confidentiality restrictions, and subject to the terms of this Agreement. Quantcast may use
Campaign
Data (i) to provide the Services, and (ii)
within a customary field in the data accessible to Inventory Providers and other technical service providers (e.g., bidstream and reporting data) or as otherwise authorized by Company.
Models
:
Models reside solely within the Platform and are not directly accessible to Company. Company’s license above
includes
the ability to use Models as an integrated part of the Services, solely for the purpose of
selecting
and gaining insights about the end users that Company wishes to reach with its Campaigns.  Quantcast will not share Models generated in connection with C
ompany’s Campaigns
with other customers.
Client Data
: Upon request from a Client, Quantcast is authorized to use the Client Data associated with such Client in
accordance
with
such
request (including sharing such Client Data with another entity within the Quantcast Platform). For clarity, “
Client
Data
” means the (i)
Tag Data from
Client websites, apps and/or other digital properties; and (ii) Quantcast’s proprietary analysis of such data. Client Data does not include any predictive models or data segments created using the Tag Data or any Campaign
Data
generated from Campaigns delivered using such Client Data.
No Off-Platform Use
: Company will not use the Services, the
Campaign
Data, or any information derived from the Services, Models or
Campaign
Data to create or enrich profiles of individual end users or to
retarget any end user except via the Services.
Compliance and Privacy
Each party will comply with all applicable laws and regulations (Quantcast in its provision of the Services in the form provided by Quantcast and Company in its use of the Services), including Applicable Privacy Laws and applicable self-regulatory principles, such as the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising (“
DAA
”) or the Network Advertising Initiative Code of Conduct (“
NAI
”). “
Applicable Privacy Laws
” means US State Privacy Laws and International Privacy Laws (defined in the linked DPAs). Company will comply with the Incorporated Terms.
Company will not use the Service with any (a) Direct Identifiers, any special or sensitive categories of personal data as defined by Applicable Privacy Laws, including by placing Campaign Tags on Ads or Company Media whose content reveals special or sensitive categories of personal data of an end user, or personal data relating to criminal offenses or criminal convictions; or (b) any data of children, including by placing Campaign Tags on Ads or Company Media directed at children (collectively, “
Prohibited Data
”). “
Direct Identifier
” means any information that identifies a particular individual without additional information, including name, address, mobile number, email address, financial account number or government-issued identifier. Direct Identifiers do not include pseudonymous identifiers such as IP address, cookie ID and certain hashed identifiers (e.g., email addresses that have been encoded using a cryptographic hashing function to obfuscate the email). For purposes of this Agreement, “
children
” refers to anyone age 16 or under or such other age specified by Applicable Privacy Laws under which the processing of personal information is prohibited or requires opt-in or parental consent.
Third
-Party Services
If Company uses any third-party branded product or service in connection with the Services (including Third-Party Data made available for use via the Services) (“
Third-Party Service
”), the following additional terms apply.
Company is solely responsible for complying with any applicable third-party terms and requirements. For Third-Party Services offered via the Platform, such third-party terms and requirements may be provided in the Platform, the Additional Terms, otherwise by Quantcast or by the third-party.
Quantcast is not responsible for Third-Party Services and makes no representations as to such services, including their privacy practices. Quantcast cannot guarantee continued availability or pricing of Third-Party Services and may stop enabling access to them without liability. Company may be required to register for or log into Third-Party Services on their respective websites or to share Company Data with Third-Party Services (e.g., services requiring data integration).
Marketing, Publicity
Quantcast may include Company’s name and logo in descriptions of Quantcast’s partners on its website, in media, in promotional materials, and in the Platform. Company will not use Quantcast’s name or logo without prior written permission. All goodwill from the use of Quantcast’s name or logo inures to Quantcast. Neither party will make a press release or any other public statement about this Agreement without the other party’s prior agreement (email sufficing).
Confidentiality
“
Confidential Information
” means
information that the disclosing party identifies as confidential or the receiving party should reasonably understand to be confidential given the circumstances of the disclosure and the nature of the information. Confidential Information does not include information that the receiving party can demonstrate: (a) it knew without restriction before receipt from the disclosing party, (b) is publicly available through no fault of the receiving party, (c) it rightfully received from a third-party without a duty of confidentiality, or (d) is independently developed without use of or reference to Confidential Information. The receiving party may use Confidential Information only to fulfill its obligations under this Agreement and must use at least reasonable care to prevent any unauthorized use or disclosure of Confidential Information, but in any event no less stringent a standard than receiving party applies to its own Confidential Information. The receiving party may share Confidential Information with its employees, agents and contractors who need to know it, as long as they are bound to confidentiality obligations that are consistent with this Agreement, provided that the receiving party shall remain solely responsible for their compliance with this Agreement. If compelled to do so by law, the receiving party may disclose Confidential Information as long as it provides reasonable prior notice to the disclosing party (unless legally prohibited).  For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Agreement prohibits Quantcast from using and sharing high level data that is compiled and summarized from the combination of Campaign Data with equivalent data generated by campaigns of other Quantcast customers, that does not allow identification of Company or Clients. Company will delete all Quantcast Confidential Information promptly upon termination of this Agreement.
Indemnity
Quantcast shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Company and its directors, officers, employees and agents, and their respective successors, heirs and assigns (“
Company Parties
”) against any claim, liability, damage, loss or expense (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs) (“
Liabilities
”) incurred by the Company Parties in connection with any third-party claim (including any regulatory or governmental action) (“
Claim
”) that Quantcast’s proprietary technology that provides the Services, in the form provided by Quantcast, infringes any patent or other third-party intellectual property right. Company shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Quantcast, its affiliated entities, and its and their directors, officers, employees and agents, and its and their respective successors, heirs and assigns (“
Quantcast Parties
”) against any Liabilities incurred by the Quantcast Parties in connection with any Claim arising out of or relating to (a) Company’s (including any Client’s, if applicable) use of the Services or Third-Party Services in violation of this Agreement; (b) Company Data or Ads; (c) the nature of Company’s or any Client’s products, services and industry, including without limitation any claims in the nature of product liability or any claim or allegation that such services or products are not in compliance with applicable industry-specific laws, or (d) breach of Sections 6.2. 6.3, 7 or 8.
The indemnified party will promptly notify the indemnifying party of any indemnified claim (provided that failure to notify promptly will only relieve the indemnifying party of its obligations to the extent it demonstrates material prejudice from the failure) and at the indemnifying party’s expense, provide assistance reasonably necessary to defend such claim. The indemnifying party will not enter into any settlement or compromise that does not fully absolve the indemnified party of liability.
Quantcast will have no obligation for any claim arising from or related to (a) compliance with Company specifications, (b) combination of the Services with products or services not supplied by Quantcast, (c) adaptation or modification of the Services or Campaign Data, (d) Company’s failure to follow instructions provided by Quantcast that would have cured the cause of action, (e) use of the Services or Campaign Data other than as described herein, or (f) Inventory or Third-Party Services selected by Company. In such cases, Company will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the Quantcast Parties from and against any Liabilities arising directly or indirectly from such claims.
If Quantcast’s right to provide the Services is enjoined or in Quantcast’s opinion is likely to be enjoined, Quantcast may obtain the right to continue providing the Services, replace or modify the Services so that they become non-infringing or terminate this Agreement.  Quantcast’s obligations as stated in this Section 12 are Quantcast’s sole and exclusive liability and Company’s sole remedy as to infringement.
Account Closure, Termination and Suspension
Company may close its account at any time via the Platform. Quantcast may terminate this Agreement upon notice for any reason or no reason. Sections 5, 6.6, 7 and 11-15 will survive account closure and/or termination.
Without limiting any other remedies, Quantcast may immediately suspend or terminate any individual Campaign, Authorized User’s access, and/or Company or Client account, including if Quantcast in its sole discretion suspects that a Campaign, Authorized User, Client, or Company is in breach this Agreement (including failure to comply with the Incorporated Terms. If Quantcast suspends or closes Company’s account, Company may not re-open an account without Quantcast’s prior written approval.
DISCLAIMER, LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
QUANTCAST MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE BENEFITS FROM THE SERVICES, OR THAT THE PLATFORM OR ANY INFORMATION WILL BE ERROR-FREE, ALWAYS AVAILABLE OR OPERATE WITHOUT LOSS OR CORRUPTION OF DATA OR TECHNICAL MALFUNCTION. QUANTCAST HAS NO LIABILITY FOR THIRD-PARTY SERVICES. QUANTCAST MAY MODIFY OR DISCONTINUE ANY OR ALL SERVICES AT ANY TIME, FOR ANY OR NO REASON, WITH OR WITHOUT NOTICE.
EXCEPT FOR CLAIMS RELATING TO INDEMNIFICATION (SECTION 12), NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING AS A RESULT OF DELAYS, LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OF USE OR LOSS OF PROFIT) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, HOWEVER CAUSED AND UNDER WHATEVER CAUSE OF ACTION OR THEORY OF LIABILITY BROUGHT (INCLUDING CONTRACT OR NEGLIGENCE), EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. NOTHING IN THIS SECTION 14.2 LIMITS ANY LIABILITY FOR FRAUD, FRAUDULENT MISREPRESENTATION, OR ANY OTHER LIABILITY WHICH CANNOT LEGALLY BE LIMITED.
EXCEPT FOR CLAIMS RELATING TO PAYMENTS DUE (SECTION 5), AND/OR INDEMNIFICATION (SECTION 12), IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY’S TOTAL AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR ALL CLAIMS ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE GREATER OF (A) ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND U.S. DOLLARS (US $100,000) OR (B) THE ACTUAL AMOUNT PAID AND/OR PAYABLE TO QUANTCAST FOR THE PROVISION OF SERVICES TO COMPANY IN THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS PRIOR TO THE DATE THE LIABILITY FIRST AROSE.
The limitations and exclusions contained in this Agreement represent the parties’ agreement based upon the perceived level of risk associated with this Agreement and the payments made hereunder.
General
.
This Agreement is the entire agreement of the parties relating to the Services and it supersedes all other commitments and understandings with respect to the Services. For the avoidance of doubt, this Agreement does not apply to Quantcast Measure. To the extent that Incorporated Terms conflict with the main body of this Agreement, the Incorporated Terms will control.
Except for Quantcast’s right to make changes as described herein, no changes to this Agreement are effective unless such changes are in writing and signed by Quantcast.
This Agreement and all matters arising out of or relating to this Agreement will be governed by (i) the laws of the State of California if Quantcast is Quantcast Corp.; (ii) the laws of New South Wales, Australia if Quantcast is Quantcast Australia Pty. Ltd.; or (iii) the laws of Ireland if Quantcast is Quantcast International Limited, each without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Any legal action or proceeding relating to this Agreement will be brought exclusively in (i) the state or federal courts in the Northern District of California if Quantcast is Quantcast Corp.; (ii) the relevant courts in New South Wales, Australia if Quantcast is Quantcast Australia Pty. Ltd.; or (iii) the relevant courts in Dublin, Ireland if Quantcast is Quantcast International Limited. Quantcast and Company hereby agree to submit to the jurisdiction of, and agree that venue is proper in, these courts (as applicable). Actions arising under or related to this Agreement or the Services must be brought in the initiating party’s individual capacity, not as a plaintiff or class member in any class action or similar proceeding.
The Services may be subject to export and/or import control laws and regulations. Company is solely responsible for complying with all applicable export control laws and regulations.
Unless provided otherwise in the Additional Terms, there are no third-party beneficiaries to this Agreement.
All notices will be in writing. Notices to Company may be delivered via the Platform or sent to the address associated with Company’s account. Notices to Quantcast will be sent to the applicable physical and addresses set forth below for Quantcast. Notice will be deemed to have been given upon: (a) the date actually delivered in person; (b) the day after the date sent by overnight courier; or (c) the date posted in the Platform by Quantcast. Notices may be confirmed by email.
Quantcast Corp
.: 795 Folsom Street, San Francisco, CA 94107
Quantcast Australia Pty. Ltd
.: 99 Elizabeth Street, Sydney 2000 NSW, Australia
Quantcast International Limited
: Beaux Lane House, Lower Mercer Street, Dublin 2, Ireland
Attn
: Legal Department
Email
: legal@quantcast.com
Quantcast will not be liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder on account of events beyond Quantcast’s reasonable control.
This Agreement and the licenses granted herein are not transferable or assignable without prior written consent of the non-transferring or non-assigning party except that a party may upon written notice assign this Agreement to an acquirer of substantially all of that party’s assets, stock or business by sale, merger or otherwise or to an Affiliate. “
Affiliate
” means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party. Any assignment or transfer in violation of this section will be null and void. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of the successors and permitted assigns of the parties.
The parties have been represented in execution of this Agreement by legal counsel or have voluntarily declined to seek such counsel. If any provision of this Agreement is unenforceable, the validity of the remaining provisions will not be affected.
Quantcast’s failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. Any waiver of any provision of this Agreement will be effective only if made explicitly, in writing and signed by Quantcast.
Effective April 23rd 2024
Download
Table of Contents
International Data Privacy Addendum
Effective Date: September 28, 2023
This International Data Privacy Addendum (“
Addendum
”) is incorporated into the services agreement(s) (all such agreements, the “
Agreement
”) between Quantcast International Limited on behalf of itself and any other Quantcast entity identified in the Agreement (“
Quantcast
”) and the counterparty(ies) identified in the Agreement (“
Company
”).
This Addendum applies to the extent that International Privacy Laws apply, as described below. This Addendum replaces any terms previously applicable to the processing of Personal Data to which International Privacy Laws apply.
Capitalized terms not defined in this Addendum are as defined in the Agreement. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms of the Agreement and this Addendum, the terms of this Addendum shall prevail.
Quantcast reserves the right to modify this Addendum. Quantcast will notify Company by making the revised version available on this page, and an updated revision date will indicate that changes have been made. If Company does not accept the changes, Company must stop using the Quantcast services and products that are subject to this Addendum. Company's continued use of the Quantcast services and products after Quantcast publishes changes means that Company agrees to the updates.
Definitions
.
“
Authorized
Purposes
” means all purposes for which the Agreement requires or permits Quantcast to use Company Information and Personal Data in the Agreement, including as applicable, personalized advertising and audience measurement.
“
Canadian Privacy Laws
” means the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act, SC 2000 c 5; the Personal Information Protection Act, SA 2003, c P-6.5; the Personal Information Protection Act, SBC 2003, c 63; and the Act respecting the protection of personal information in the private sector, CQLR c P-39.1, as amended by Law 25.
"
Company Information
” means any Personal Data that is provided to Quantcast by or on behalf of Company or onboarded to Company’s account with Quantcast, whether directly or via a third party (e.g., an onboarding service provider), including data collected via a Tag.
“
European Privacy Laws
” means the EU General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) and any EU Member State laws implementing the GDPR, and the UK GDPR and the UK Data Protection Act 2018, the e-Privacy Directive (Directive 2002/58/EC) and the UK Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003, and the Swiss Act on Federal Data Protection.
“
International Privacy Laws
” means the Canadian Privacy Laws, European Privacy Laws and any other non-US privacy laws referenced in this Addendum.
“
Online Properties
” means Company Media or Client Data (if defined in the Agreement) or other webpages, advertisements and other digital properties on which the Tag is implemented.
“
Personal Data
” means any information relating to an individual that is subject to protection under the International Privacy Laws and includes information that is referred to as “personal information” and similar terms as may be defined in the International Privacy Laws.
“
Tags
” means Quantcast-provided cookies, tags, pixels or other tracking technologies, including campaign tags, ad serving tags and measurement tags (including Campaign Tags, if defined in the Agreement).
“
Transparency Framework
” means any applicable transparency and consent framework, including the IAB Europe Transparency and Consent Framework and the IAB Transparency and Consent Framework Canada (TCF Canada), or other technical standard agreed to by the parties.
2.
Lawful Collection and Processing
.
To the extent that International Privacy Laws apply, including where Online Properties are accessed by individuals in any country or region subject to International Privacy Laws and where Company Information that includes Personal Data subject to International Privacy Laws is provided, Company agrees to:
2.1.  Provide users with information about (i) Quantcast’s use of Company
Information (where applicable) and Quantcast’s use of Tags and/or other storing and/or accessing of information stored on users’ devices, including means of activating such functions where required by International Privacy Laws (e.g., under Quebec law); and (ii) Quantcast’s processing of users’ Personal Data for the Authorized Purposes, including by posting a link to Quantcast’s Products and Services Privacy Policy (
www.quantcast.com/privacy
).
2.2.  Obtain any required consents for (i) Quantcast’s use of Company Information and of Tags and/or other storing and/or accessing of information stored on users’ devices and (ii) Quantcast’s collection, use, disclosure or other processing of users’ Personal Data for the Authorized Purposes.
2.3. As to Tags, inform Quantcast in accordance with the Transparency Framework that the conditions of 2.1 and 2.2 are met, or prevent Tags from executing unless the conditions of 2.1 and 2.2 are met. To the extent that Company has implemented a consent management platform configured to provide transparency about and obtain consent for Quantcast in accordance with the Transparency Framework, the conditions of 2.1, 2.2 and 2.3 shall be deemed to be met.
3.
European Privacy Laws.
This section applies to the extent that European Privacy Laws apply, including where Online Properties are accessed by individuals in the European Economic Area, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom and where Company Information that includes Personal Data subject to European Privacy Laws is provided (whether provided directly by Company or via third parties on Company’s behalf).
3.1. As to all Quantcast services for marketers (such as Quantcast Advertise and managed campaign services) and as to Quantcast’s provision of audience measurement services to Company, Company and Quantcast acknowledge joint determination of the means and purposes of processing of Personal Data. Such joint controllership covers the collection of Personal Data through the Tags and any other transmission of such Personal Data to Quantcast in connection with the foregoing services.
3.2. As to Agreements in which the Authorized Purposes includes Quantcast’s use of Company Information beyond the services provided directly to Company (i.e., Quantcast Measure), Company and Quantcast acknowledge that as to such uses, there is no joint determination of the purposes and means, and Quantcast and Company are separate and independent controllers.
3.3. The parties’ respective responsibilities for compliance with the obligations under European Privacy Laws in connection with the processing of Personal Data of users in the European Economic Area, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom that is collected by Quantcast from Online Properties on which Company places Tags is as follows:
3.3.1. Without prejudice to any obligations set forth in Agreement, Quantcast will ensure that it has a legal basis for the collection and processing of Personal Data. Quantcast will make available information about its data processing, as well as a means for users to exercise their data subject rights and other information required by European Privacy Laws, in its Products and Services Privacy Policy at
www.quantcast.com/privacy
. Quantcast will implement appropriate technical and organizational measures to enhance the security of its processing of Personal Data.
3.3.2. In addition to any obligations set forth in Agreement, Company will ensure that it has a legal basis for the collection and processing of Personal Data. Company will make available information about its data processing and other information required by European Privacy Laws in its privacy policy.
3.3.3. If any user exercises its rights under European Privacy Laws with respect to the parties' processing of Personal Data collected by Quantcast from Online Properties on which Company placed Tags, or if Company is contacted by a supervisory authority with regard to such processing, Company will, promptly and no later than seven (7) days following receipt of the request, forward all relevant information regarding such requests to Quantcast at
privacy.qil@quantcast.com
. Quantcast agrees to respond to such requests as required by European Privacy Laws. For the avoidance of doubt, Company is not authorized to answer on Quantcast’s behalf.
4.
Canadian
Privacy Laws.
This section applies to the extent that Canadian Privacy Laws apply, including where Online Properties are accessed by individuals in Canada and where Company Information that includes Personal Data subject to Canadian Privacy Laws is provided (whether provided directly by Company or via third parties on Company’s behalf).
4.1. Quantcast agrees that any Company Information received from the Company or exposed to it in connection with the Agreement in Canada is done so solely for the Authorized Purposes, and Quantcast acquires no right or interest in or to the Company Information except as set out in the Agreement.
4.2. Quantcast will not use any Company Information provided or disclosed by the Company for any purpose other than that for which it was provided or disclosed to it, and as authorized in the Agreement. Except to the extent that the Authorized Purposes include Quantcast’s use of Company Information beyond the services provided directly to Company (i.e., Quantcast Measure), as necessary to fulfill its obligations under the Agreement, or as required by law, Quantcast shall not disclose any Company Information to any third party except Quantcast’s third party service providers who process the Company Information solely on Quantcast’s behalf.
4.3.  Quantcast will implement safeguards to protect against the loss, disclosure, alteration or misuse of Company Information that is in its care or custody, and will protect Company Information with the same degree of care and diligence that Quantcast uses to protect and safeguard its own like information, but not less than the degree of care that would be exercised by a reasonable person given the sensitivity of such Company Information.
4.4.  Quantcast will cooperate as may be necessary to assist in any access or other individual requests, questions, complaints, audits and any investigations related to Company Information. In the event that Quantcast is contacted by any individual whose Personal Data is the subject of the Agreement or this Addendum, or by any person (including a regulator) respecting the Agreement, Quantcast will refer them to the Company and will promptly give the Company’s Privacy Officer notice of such contact. Quantcast will not communicate with any individual whose Personal Data is subject to this Addendum unless authorized to do so by the Company, except (a) as needed to acknowledge the request and direct the individual to Quantcast’s opt out functionality, and (b) as required by applicable law, including Canadian Privacy Laws.
4.5. Quantcast will only retain Company Information for as long as is reasonably necessary for the Authorized Purposes.
4.6. In the event that Quantcast becomes legally required to disclose any Company Information, Quantcast shall provide Company with prompt notice (unless Quantcast is prohibited from doing so) in order for Company to seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy and/or waive compliance with the provisions of this Addendum. In the event that such protective order or other remedy is not obtained, Quantcast shall furnish only that portion of the Company Information which is legally required to be furnished in the opinion of Quantcast’s counsel.
4.7. In addition to the requirements in Section 2 above, Company will provide users with information about transfers of Company Information outside of Canada and/or Quebec.
5.
Application
. For the avoidance of doubt, this Addendum applies to all Quantcast-branded services used by Company, such as Quantcast ad serving and audience measurement.
Effective January 23rd 2024
to
April 23rd 2024
Download
Table of Contents
International Data Privacy Addendum
Effective Date: September 28, 2023
This International Data Privacy Addendum (“
Addendum
”) is incorporated into the services agreement(s) (all such agreements, the “
Agreement
”) between Quantcast International Limited on behalf of itself and any other Quantcast entity identified in the Agreement (“
Quantcast
”) and the counterparty(ies) identified in the Agreement (“
Company
”).
This Addendum applies to the extent that International Privacy Laws apply, as described below. This Addendum replaces any terms previously applicable to the processing of Personal Data to which International Privacy Laws apply.
Capitalized terms not defined in this Addendum are as defined in the Agreement. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms of the Agreement and this Addendum, the terms of this Addendum shall prevail.
Quantcast reserves the right to modify this Addendum. Quantcast will notify Company by making the revised version available on this page, and an updated revision date will indicate that changes have been made. If Company does not accept the changes, Company must stop using the Quantcast services and products that are subject to this Addendum. Company's continued use of the Quantcast services and products after Quantcast publishes changes means that Company agrees to the updates.
Definitions
.
“
Authorized
Purposes
” means all purposes for which the Agreement requires or permits Quantcast to use Company Information and Personal Data in the Agreement, including as applicable, personalized advertising and audience measurement.
“
Canadian Privacy Laws
” means the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act, SC 2000 c 5; the Personal Information Protection Act, SA 2003, c P-6.5; the Personal Information Protection Act, SBC 2003, c 63; and the Act respecting the protection of personal information in the private sector, CQLR c P-39.1, as amended by Law 25.
"
Company Information
” means any Personal Data that is provided to Quantcast by or on behalf of Company or onboarded to Company’s account with Quantcast, whether directly or via a third party (e.g., an onboarding service provider), including data collected via a Tag.
“
European Privacy Laws
” means the EU General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) and any EU Member State laws implementing the GDPR, and the UK GDPR and the UK Data Protection Act 2018, the e-Privacy Directive (Directive 2002/58/EC) and the UK Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003, and the Swiss Act on Federal Data Protection.
“
International Privacy Laws
” means the Canadian Privacy Laws, European Privacy Laws and any other non-US privacy laws referenced in this Addendum.
“
Online Properties
” means Company Media or Client Data (if defined in the Agreement) or other webpages, advertisements and other digital properties on which the Tag is implemented.
“
Personal Data
” means any information relating to an individual that is subject to protection under the International Privacy Laws and includes information that is referred to as “personal information” and similar terms as may be defined in the International Privacy Laws.
“
Tags
” means Quantcast-provided cookies, tags, pixels or other tracking technologies, including campaign tags, ad serving tags and measurement tags (including Campaign Tags, if defined in the Agreement).
“
Transparency Framework
” means any applicable transparency and consent framework, including the IAB Europe Transparency and Consent Framework and the
IAB Transparency and Consent Framework Canada (TCF Canada),
or other technical standard agreed to by the parties.
Lawful Collection and Processing
.
To the extent that International Privacy Laws apply, including where Online Properties are accessed by individuals in any country or region subject to International Privacy Laws and where Company Information that includes Personal Data subject to International Privacy Laws is provided, Company agrees to:
Provide users with information about (i) Quantcast’s use of Company
Information (where applicable)
and Quantcast’s use of
Tags
and/or other storing and/or accessing of information stored on users’ devices
, including means of activating such functions where required by International Privacy Laws (e.g., under Quebec law)
; and
(ii) Quantcast’s processing of users’
Personal Data
for
the Authorized Purposes
, including by posting a link to Quantcast’s Products and Services Privacy Policy (
www.quantcast.com/privacy
)
.
Obtain any required consents for (i) Quantcast’s use of Company Information and of Tags and/or other storing and/or accessing of information stored on users’ devices and (ii) Quantcast’s
collection, use, disclosure or other
processing of users’ Personal Data for the Authorized Purposes.
As to Tags, inform Quantcast in accordance with the Transparency Framework that the conditions of 2.1 and 2.2 are met, or prevent Tags from executing unless the conditions of 2.1 and 2.2 are met. To the extent that Company has implemented a consent management platform configured to provide transparency about and obtain consent for Quantcast in accordance with the Transparency Framework, the conditions of 2.1, 2.2 and 2.3 shall be deemed to be met.
European Privacy Laws.
This section applies to the extent that European Privacy Laws apply, including where Online Properties are accessed by individuals in the European Economic Area, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom and where Company Information that includes Personal Data subject to European Privacy Laws is provided (whether provided directly by Company or via third parties on Company’s behalf).
As to all Quantcast services for marketers (such as Quantcast Advertise and managed campaign services) and as to Quantcast’s provision of audience measurement services to Company, Company and Quantcast acknowledge joint determination of the means and purposes of processing of Personal Data. Such joint controllership covers the collection of Personal Data through the Tags and any other transmission of such Personal Data to Quantcast in connection with the foregoing services.
As to Agreements in which the Authorized Purposes includes Quantcast’s use of Company Information beyond the services provided directly to Company (i.e., Quantcast Measure), Company and Quantcast acknowledge that as to such uses, there is no joint determination of the purposes and means, and Quantcast and Company are separate and independent controllers.
The parties’ respective responsibilities for compliance with the obligations under European Privacy Laws in connection with the processing of Personal Data of users in the European Economic Area, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom that is collected by Quantcast from Online Properties on which Company places Tags is as follows:
Without prejudice to any obligations set forth in Agreement, Quantcast will ensure that it has a legal basis for the collection and processing of Personal Data. Quantcast will make available information about its data processing, as well as a means for users to exercise their data subject rights and other information required by European Privacy Laws, in its Products and Services Privacy Policy at
www.quantcast.com/privacy
. Quantcast will implement appropriate technical and organizational measures to enhance the security of its processing of Personal Data.
In addition to any obligations set forth in Agreement, Company will ensure that it has a legal basis for the collection and processing of Personal Data. Company will make available information about its data processing and other information required by European Privacy Laws in its privacy policy.
If any user exercises its rights under European Privacy Laws with respect to the parties' processing of Personal Data collected by Quantcast from Online Properties on which Company placed Tags, or if Company is contacted by a supervisory authority with regard to such processing, Company will, promptly and no later than seven (7) days following receipt of the request, forward all relevant information regarding such requests to Quantcast at
privacy.qil@quantcast.com
. Quantcast agrees to respond to such requests as required by European Privacy Laws. For the avoidance of doubt, Company is not authorized to answer on Quantcast’s behalf.
Canadian
Privacy Laws.
This section applies to the extent that Canadian Privacy Laws apply, including where Online Properties are accessed by individuals in Canada and where Company Information that includes Personal Data subject to Canadian Privacy Laws is provided (whether provided directly by Company or via third parties on Company’s behalf).
Quantcast agrees that any Company Information received from the Company or exposed to it in connection with the Agreement in Canada is done so solely for the
Authorized
Purposes, and Quantcast acquires no right or interest in or to the Company Information except as set out in the Agreement.
Quantcast will not use any Company Information provided or disclosed by the Company for any purpose other than that for which it was provided or disclosed to it, and as authorized in the Agreement. Except
to the extent that the Authorized Purposes include Quantcast’s use of Company Information beyond the services provided directly to Company (i.e., Quantcast Measure),
as necessary to fulfill its obligations under the Agreement, or as required by law, Quantcast shall not disclose any Company Information to any third party except Quantcast’s third party service providers who process the Company Information solely on Quantcast’s behalf.
Quantcast will implement safeguards to protect against the loss, disclosure, alteration or misuse of Company Information that is in its care or custody, and will protect Company Information with the same degree of care and diligence that Quantcast uses to protect and safeguard its own like information, but not less than the degree of care that would be exercised by a reasonable person given the sensitivity of such Company Information.
Quantcast will cooperate as may be necessary to assist in any access or other individual requests, questions, complaints, audits and any investigations related to Company Information. In the event that Quantcast is contacted by any individual whose Personal Data is the subject of the Agreement or this Addendum, or by any person (including a regulator) respecting the Agreement, Quantcast will refer them to the Company and will promptly give the Company’s Privacy Officer notice of such contact. Quantcast will not communicate with any individual whose Personal Data is subject to this Addendum unless authorized to do so by the Company, except (a) as needed to acknowledge the request and direct the individual to Quantcast’s opt out functionality, and (b) as required by applicable law, including Canadian Privacy Laws.
Quantcast will only retain Company Information for as long as is reasonably necessary for the
Authorized
Purposes.
In the event that Quantcast becomes legally required to disclose any Company Information, Quantcast shall provide Company with prompt notice (unless Quantcast is prohibited from doing so) in order for Company to seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy and/or waive compliance with the provisions of this Addendum. In the event that such protective order or other remedy is not obtained, Quantcast shall furnish only that portion of the Company Information which is legally required to be furnished in the opinion of Quantcast’s counsel.
In addition to the requirements in Section 2 above, Company will provide users with information about transfers of Company Information outside of Canada and/or Quebec.
Application
. For the avoidance of doubt, this Addendum applies to all Quantcast-branded services used by Company, such as Quantcast ad serving and audience measurement.
Effective March 6th 2025
Download
Table of Contents
ADDITIONAL TERMS
Last Updated: March 6, 2025
These Additional Terms supplement the terms of the agreement (e.g., the
Quantcast Buyer Terms
, a Master Services Agreement, insertion order or other agreement (“
Agreement
”)) between the party using Quantcast’s services (“
Company
”) and Quantcast (as defined in the Agreement).
Quantcast may modify these Additional Terms. Quantcast will notify Company by making the revised version available on this page or an identified successor page, and an updated revision date will indicate that changes have been made. If Company does not agree to the changes, Company must stop using the relevant Services. Company’s continued use of such Services after Quantcast publishes changes means that Company agrees to the updates. Any capitalized terms not defined in the Additional Terms shall have the meaning given to such terms (or such similar defined terms) in the Agreement. If a capitalized term is not defined in the Agreement, it has the meaning given in the
Quantcast Buyer Terms
.
GENERAL
1. Trial Services
This section will apply if Company selects the Trial option when signing up for Quantcast Services. Quantcast may make available to new Quantcast customers a trial period for limited use of the Services (“
Trial
”). Unless the Trial description provides for a different period, the Trial will last for a period of 14 days only and may only be used once (unless an exception is made by Quantcast). After the Trial, Company will be required to submit payment to Quantcast in order to continue accessing the Services. If Company does not wish to continue using the Services after the Trial, Company may close its account via the Platform. Failure to act will result in Company’s access to the Services being automatically disabled. Company will not attempt to circumvent the limit on Trials, including by registering multiple accounts. Quantcast reserves the right to change the features of the Trial and/or remove or cancel the Trial at any time with no liability. For purposes of the Trial, the Services are provided on an ‘as is’ basis, without any representations, warranties, or covenants by Quantcast.
2. Test Releases
From time to time, Quantcast may offer Company the right to use certain experimental features and functionality ("
Test Releases
"), including those identified as “alpha” or “beta”. All Test Releases shall be provided on an ‘as is’ basis, without any representations, warranties, or covenants by Quantcast, and may be terminated by Quantcast in its sole discretion. Notwithstanding any other provision in the Agreement, Quantcast shall have no liability for Test Releases. Use of Test Releases may be subject to additional terms and conditions, which Quantcast will provide in each applicable instance.
YOUR DATA
3. Data Subject Requests
At least once every thirty (30) days, Company will provide any opt outs and deletion requests via the technical means set forth in Quantcast’s documentation (e.g., see
Customer (CRM) Audiences
or other instructions provided by Quantcast).
4. Sensitive Data
Without limiting the restrictions set forth in the Agreement, Company will not provide Quantcast with any data considered sensitive location data under applicable laws, including guidance and orders from the U.S. Federal Trade Commission where applicable.
5. Company Tags
Company is solely responsible for any pixels, tags, macros or other data collection mechanisms that send data to Company and/or third parties (“
Company
Tags
”) included in Company’s ads, websites, apps and other materials, regardless of whether Company Tags are implemented by Company or Quantcast on Company’s behalf. In connection with Company Tags, Company represents and warrants that Company and the third parties comply with all applicable laws, provide notice and choice to users and obtain any consents required by applicable laws and industry standards. To the extent that Company Tags provide any data to Quantcast, such data constitutes Company Data. Company’s indemnity obligations under the Agreement include all claims arising from or related to such Company Tags.
6. Data Sharing
The following applies if Quantcast shares data with a third party (“
Company Service Provider
”) to enable the Company Service Provider to provide campaign analytics or measurement services to Company. Quantcast shares such data at Company’s instruction in Quantcast’s role as service provider or processor to Company. Company is solely responsible for Company Service Providers and their services, including use of data received from Quantcast. Such third party services do not constitute Third Party Services under the Agreement.
Company will not export shared data from any Company Service Provider or use such data for any purpose other than receiving campaign analytics or measurement services from the Company Service Provider. Without limiting the foregoing, Company will not attempt to use shared data to create or supplement audiences or for targeting.
INVENTORY RELATED TERMS
7. Quantcast Curation Services
The Services may provide Company the option to purchase packages of Inventory, curated by Quantcast and/or by or on behalf of Company (“
Curated Inventory
”). For the avoidance of doubt, Curated Inventory constitutes “inventory” or “Inventory” (or similar terms such as “supply”) under the Agreement. Company may only use Curated Inventory curated by Quantcast via the Services. Any inventory sourced by Company must meet the requirements of the Quantcast Supply Policy.
8. Additional Inventory Provider Restrictions
By accessing and using the Inventory Providers, Company agrees to comply, and shall be liable for its non-compliance with the applicable Inventory Provider Restrictions as linked below:
Telaria and Rubicon:
https://www.magnite.com/legal/ad-quality-guidelines/
Pubmatic:
https://pubmatic.com/legal/aq-policy/
THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
9. LiveRamp Services
The following terms apply to the extent Company uses any product or service of LiveRamp, Inc. or its subsidiaries (collectively, “
LiveRamp
”) in connection with the Platform or Services, outside of a direct agreement between LiveRamp and Company. For clarity, “Third-Party Services” as used in the Agreement shall include use of any LiveRamp product or service with the Platform. Company will only provide data to LiveRamp for permitted territories.
LiveRamp Usage Terms
. Company agrees that LiveRamp is an intended third-party beneficiary to this Agreement with respect to this Section and has the right to enforce this Section directly against Company, and Company agrees: (a) to authorize LiveRamp to provide its Data Onboarding Services to Company, including to access and download Company's CRM data for placement of data cookies and delivery of such cookies to Quantcast; (b) to upload all data to LiveRamp's SFTP site, and not provide such data directly to Quantcast. Company is prohibited from sending Quantcast any Direct Identifiers, or recombining any data it receives from Quantcast with Direct Identifiers; (c) Company will not (i) resell or provide access to LiveRamp's Data Onboarding Services to anyone except Authorized Users, (ii) re-identify, derive any data from, or otherwise reverse engineer data Company may receive through LiveRamp’s Data Onboarding Services, (iii) use such service to sell or advertise any products that are considered or related to adult entertainment, tobacco, illegal gambling, firearms, or any other illegal product; (d) Company will not provide LiveRamp with any data (i) related to any restricted or sensitive categories of data, including individual's health or medical condition, sexual orientation, or religion, (ii) of those under age 18 (or age 13 if from Australia), or (iii) which Company does not own or have rights to, or has not otherwise obtained consent for; and (e) to additionally warrant that: (i) it will not direct data to any destination other than Quantcast unless Company has a direct agreement with the entity controlling such third-party destination and the handling of such data by such third-party destination is subject to the terms and conditions of that direct agreement, (ii) it has obtained and maintains all required consents under Applicable Privacy Laws for LiveRamp to collect, use and retain personally identifiable information provided to LiveRamp hereunder for purposes of LiveRamp providing its Data Onboarding Services.
LiveRamp Fees
. During each month of the Term that Company utilizes Quantcast’s upload facility (e.g., a Quantcast S3 bucket) to provide data to LiveRamp or otherwise utilizes LiveRamp with the Platform outside of a direct agreement between LiveRamp and Company, Company shall additionally pay Quantcast “LiveRamp Fees” at the rates communicated by Quantcast to Company. For clarity, “
Third Party Costs
” as used in the Agreement shall include the LiveRamp Fees.
For avoidance of doubt, Quantcast is not liable for any fees to LiveRamp for Company’s use of its own upload facility with LiveRamp or otherwise under Company’s direct agreement with LiveRamp.
10. Stripe Payment Services
Quantcast uses Stripe to execute online payment transactions (e.g., credit card, wire transfer, automatic ACH, etc.). If Company uses this feature, it agrees to be bound by the Stripe Connected Account Agreement, available at
https://stripe.com/connect/account-terms
, to comply with the Stripe Payment Method Terms, available at
https://stripe.com/gb/legal/payment-terms
and to be subject to the Stripe Privacy Policy, available at
https://stripe.com/privacy
. Company also understands and agrees to the business restrictions imposed by Stripe at
https://stripe.com/gb/legal/restricted-businesses
. Each of these terms may be updated from time to time. For avoidance of doubt, if any payment Company initiates using Stripe does not successfully complete, Company is obligated to immediately pay Quantcast by another means acceptable to Quantcast and Company is liable for any costs, penalties or charges imposed by Stripe. Company authorizes Quantcast to make repeating automatic payments using the credit card or other payment means provided to Stripe. For clarity, “Third-Party Services” as used in the Agreement shall include use of any Stripe product or service with the Platform.
PAYMENT CARDS
11. By providing payment card information (including via Stripe), Company represents that it has authority to authorize Quantcast to charge the payment card for amounts owed to Quantcast by Company and acknowledges that such information may be used by any Authorized User with access to Company’s account.
CREATIVE SERVICES
12. The following terms apply unless Company and Quantcast have signed separate written terms governing creative services. If Quantcast provides creative services, Company is solely responsible for all creatives resulting from such services and all materials provided by Company to Quantcast for such creatives. Any use of such creatives constitutes Company’s express approval of the creatives. For the avoidance of doubt, Company shall retain all intellectual property rights in its creatives.
Effective March 6th 2025
to
March 6th 2025
Download
Table of Contents
ADDITIONAL TERMS
Last Updated: March 4, 2025
These Additional Terms supplement the terms of the agreement (e.g., the
Quantcast Buyer Terms
, a Master Services Agreement, insertion order or other agreement (“
Agreement
”)) between the party using Quantcast’s services (“
Company
”) and Quantcast (as defined in the Agreement).
Quantcast may modify these Additional Terms. Quantcast will notify Company by making the revised version available on this page or an identified successor page, and an updated revision date will indicate that changes have been made. If Company does not agree to the changes, Company must stop using the relevant Services. Company’s continued use of such Services after Quantcast publishes changes means that Company agrees to the updates. Any capitalized terms not defined in the Additional Terms shall have the meaning given to such terms (or such similar defined terms) in the Agreement. If a capitalized term is not defined in the Agreement, it has the meaning given in the
Quantcast Buyer Terms
.
GENERAL
1. Trial Services
This section will apply if Company selects the Trial option when signing up for Quantcast Services. Quantcast may make available to new Quantcast customers a trial period for limited use of the Services (“
Trial
”). Unless the Trial description provides for a different period, the Trial will last for a period of 14 days only and may only be used once (unless an exception is made by Quantcast). After the Trial, Company will be required to submit payment to Quantcast in order to continue accessing the Services. If Company does not wish to continue using the Services after the Trial, Company may close its account via the Platform. Failure to act will result in Company’s access to the Services being automatically disabled. Company will not attempt to circumvent the limit on Trials, including by registering multiple accounts. Quantcast reserves the right to change the features of the Trial and/or remove or cancel the Trial at any time with no liability. For purposes of the Trial, the Services are provided on an ‘as is’ basis, without any representations, warranties, or covenants by Quantcast.
2. Test Releases
From time to time, Quantcast may offer Company the right to use certain experimental features and functionality ("
Test Releases
"), including those identified as “alpha” or “beta”. All Test Releases shall be provided on an ‘as is’ basis, without any representations, warranties, or covenants by Quantcast, and may be terminated by Quantcast in its sole discretion. Notwithstanding any other provision in the Agreement, Quantcast shall have no liability for Test Releases. Use of Test Releases may be subject to additional terms and conditions, which Quantcast will provide in each applicable instance.
YOUR DATA
3. Data Subject Requests
At least once every thirty (30) days, Company will provide any opt outs and deletion requests via the technical means set forth in Quantcast’s documentation (e.g., see
Customer (CRM) Audiences
or other instructions provided by Quantcast).
4. Sensitive Data
Without limiting the restrictions set forth in the Agreement, Company will not provide Quantcast with any data considered sensitive location data under applicable laws, including guidance and orders from the U.S. Federal Trade Commission where applicable.
5. Company Tags
Company is solely responsible for any pixels, tags, macros or other data collection mechanisms that send data to Company and/or third parties (“
Third Party Tags
”) included in Company’s ads, websites, apps and other materials, regardless of whether Company Tags are implemented by Company or Quantcast on Company’s behalf. In connection with Company Tags, Company represents and warrants that Company and the third parties comply with all applicable laws, provide notice and choice to users and obtain any consents required by applicable laws and industry standards. To the extent that Company Tags provide any data to Quantcast, such data constitutes Company Data. Company’s indemnity obligations under the Agreement include all claims arising from or related to such Company Tags.
6. Data Sharing
The following applies if Quantcast shares data with a third party (“
Company Service Provider
”) to enable the Company Service Provider to provide campaign analytics or measurement services to Company. Quantcast shares such data at Company’s instruction in Quantcast’s role as service provider or processor to Company. Company is solely responsible for Company Service Providers and their services, including use of data received from Quantcast. Such third party services do not constitute Third Party Services under the Agreement.
Company will not export shared data from any Company Service Provider or use such data for any purpose other than receiving campaign analytics or measurement services from the Company Service Provider. Without limiting the foregoing, Company will not attempt to use shared data to create or supplement audiences or for targeting.
INVENTORY RELATED TERMS
7. Quantcast Curation Services
The Services may provide Company the option to purchase packages of Inventory, curated by Quantcast and/or by or on behalf of Company (“
Curated Inventory
”). For the avoidance of doubt, Curated Inventory constitutes “inventory” or “Inventory” (or similar terms such as “supply”) under the Agreement. Company may only use Curated Inventory curated by Quantcast via the Services. Any inventory sourced by Company must meet the requirements of the Quantcast Supply Policy.
8. Additional Inventory Provider Restrictions
By accessing and using the Inventory Providers, Company agrees to comply, and shall be liable for its non-compliance with the applicable Inventory Provider Restrictions as linked below:
Telaria and Rubicon:
https://www.magnite.com/legal/ad-quality-guidelines/
Pubmatic:
https://pubmatic.com/legal/aq-policy/
THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
9. LiveRamp Services
The following terms apply to the extent Company uses any product or service of LiveRamp, Inc. or its subsidiaries (collectively, “
LiveRamp
”) in connection with the Platform or Services, outside of a direct agreement between LiveRamp and Company. For clarity, “Third-Party Services” as used in the Agreement shall include use of any LiveRamp product or service with the Platform. Company will only provide data to LiveRamp for permitted territories.
LiveRamp Usage Terms
. Company agrees that LiveRamp is an intended third-party beneficiary to this Agreement with respect to this Section and has the right to enforce this Section directly against Company, and Company agrees: (a) to authorize LiveRamp to provide its Data Onboarding Services to Company, including to access and download Company's CRM data for placement of data cookies and delivery of such cookies to Quantcast; (b) to upload all data to LiveRamp's SFTP site, and not provide such data directly to Quantcast. Company is prohibited from sending Quantcast any Direct Identifiers, or recombining any data it receives from Quantcast with Direct Identifiers; (c) Company will not (i) resell or provide access to LiveRamp's Data Onboarding Services to anyone except Authorized Users, (ii) re-identify, derive any data from, or otherwise reverse engineer data Company may receive through LiveRamp’s Data Onboarding Services, (iii) use such service to sell or advertise any products that are considered or related to adult entertainment, tobacco, illegal gambling, firearms, or any other illegal product; (d) Company will not provide LiveRamp with any data (i) related to any restricted or sensitive categories of data, including individual's health or medical condition, sexual orientation, or religion, (ii) of those under age 18 (or age 13 if from Australia), or (iii) which Company does not own or have rights to, or has not otherwise obtained consent for; and (e) to additionally warrant that: (i) it will not direct data to any destination other than Quantcast unless Company has a direct agreement with the entity controlling such third-party destination and the handling of such data by such third-party destination is subject to the terms and conditions of that direct agreement, (ii) it has obtained and maintains all required consents under Applicable Privacy Laws for LiveRamp to collect, use and retain personally identifiable information provided to LiveRamp hereunder for purposes of LiveRamp providing its Data Onboarding Services.
LiveRamp Fees
. During each month of the Term that Company utilizes Quantcast’s upload facility (e.g., a Quantcast S3 bucket) to provide data to LiveRamp or otherwise utilizes LiveRamp with the Platform outside of a direct agreement between LiveRamp and Company, Company shall additionally pay Quantcast “LiveRamp Fees” at the rates communicated by Quantcast to Company. For clarity, “
Third Party Costs
” as used in the Agreement shall include the LiveRamp Fees.
For avoidance of doubt, Quantcast is not liable for any fees to LiveRamp for Company’s use of its own upload facility with LiveRamp or otherwise under Company’s direct agreement with LiveRamp.
10. Stripe Payment Services
Quantcast uses Stripe to execute online payment transactions (e.g., credit card, wire transfer, automatic ACH, etc.). If Company uses this feature, it agrees to be bound by the Stripe Connected Account Agreement, available at
https://stripe.com/connect/account-terms
, to comply with the Stripe Payment Method Terms, available at
https://stripe.com/gb/legal/payment-terms
and to be subject to the Stripe Privacy Policy, available at
https://stripe.com/privacy
. Company also understands and agrees to the business restrictions imposed by Stripe at
https://stripe.com/gb/legal/restricted-businesses
. Each of these terms may be updated from time to time. For avoidance of doubt, if any payment Company initiates using Stripe does not successfully complete, Company is obligated to immediately pay Quantcast by another means acceptable to Quantcast and Company is liable for any costs, penalties or charges imposed by Stripe. Company authorizes Quantcast to make repeating automatic payments using the credit card or other payment means provided to Stripe. For clarity, “Third-Party Services” as used in the Agreement shall include use of any Stripe product or service with the Platform.
PAYMENT CARDS
11. By providing payment card information (including via Stripe), Company represents that it has authority to authorize Quantcast to charge the payment card for amounts owed to Quantcast by Company and acknowledges that such information may be used by any Authorized User with access to Company’s account.
CREATIVE SERVICES
12. The following terms apply unless Company and Quantcast have signed separate written terms governing creative services. If Quantcast provides creative services, Company is solely responsible for all creatives resulting from such services and all materials provided by Company to Quantcast for such creatives. Any use of such creatives constitutes Company’s express approval of the creatives. For the avoidance of doubt, Company shall retain all intellectual property rights in its creatives.
Effective December 16th 2024
to
March 6th 2025
Download
Table of Contents
ADDITIONAL TERMS
Last Updated: December 16, 2024
These Additional Terms supplement the Master Services Agreement or other agreement (“
Agreement
”) between the party using Quantcast’s services (“
Company
”) and Quantcast (as defined in the Agreement).
Quantcast may modify these Additional Terms. Quantcast will notify Company by making the revised version available on this page or an identified successor page, and an updated revision date will indicate that changes have been made. If Company does not accept the changes, Company must stop using the relevant Services. Company’s continued use of such Services after Quantcast publishes changes means that Company consents to the updates. Any capitalized terms not defined in the Additional Terms shall have the meaning given to such terms (or such similar defined terms) in the Agreement.
GENERAL
1. Trial Services
This section will apply if Company selects the Trial option when signing up for Quantcast Services. Quantcast may make available to new Quantcast customers a trial period for limited use of the Services (“
Trial
”). Unless the Trial description provides for a different period, the Trial will last for a period of 14 days only and may only be used once (unless an exception is made by Quantcast). After the Trial, Company will be required to submit payment to Quantcast in order to continue accessing the Services. If Company does not wish to continue using the Services after the Trial, Company may close its account via the Platform. Failure to act will result in Company’s access to the Services being automatically disabled. Company will not attempt to circumvent the limit on Trials, including by registering multiple accounts. Quantcast reserves the right to change the features of the Trial and/or remove or cancel the Trial at any time with no liability. For purposes of the Trial, the Services are provided on an ‘as is’ basis, without any representations, warranties, or covenants by Quantcast.
2. Test Releases
From time to time, Quantcast may offer Company the right to use certain experimental features and functionality ("
Test Releases
"), including those identified as “alpha” or “beta”. All Test Releases shall be provided on an ‘as is’ basis, without any representations, warranties, or covenants by Quantcast, and may be terminated by Quantcast in its sole discretion. Notwithstanding any other provision in the Agreement, Quantcast shall have no liability for Test Releases. Use of Test Releases may be subject to additional terms and conditions, which Quantcast will provide in each applicable instance.
INVENTORY RELATED TERMS
3. Quantcast Curation Services
The Services may provide Company the option to purchase packages of Inventory, curated by Quantcast and/or by or on behalf of Company (“
Curated Inventory
”). For the avoidance of doubt, Curated Inventory constitutes “inventory” or “Inventory” (or similar terms such as “supply”) under the Agreement. Company may only use Curated Inventory curated by Quantcast via the Services. Any inventory sourced by Company must meet the requirements of the Quantcast Supply Policy.
4. Additional Inventory Provider Restrictions
By accessing and using the Inventory Providers, Company agrees to comply, and shall be liable for its non-compliance with the applicable Inventory Provider Restrictions as linked below:
Telaria and Rubicon:
https://www.magnite.com/legal/ad-quality-guidelines/
Pubmatic:
https://pubmatic.com/legal/aq-policy/
THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
5. LiveRamp Services.
The following terms apply to the extent Company uses any product or service of LiveRamp, Inc. or its subsidiaries (collectively, “
LiveRamp
”) in connection with the Platform or Services, outside of a direct agreement between LiveRamp and Company. For clarity, “Third-Party Services” as used in the Agreement shall include use of any LiveRamp product or service with the Platform.
LiveRamp Usage Terms
. Company agrees that LiveRamp is an intended third-party beneficiary to this Agreement with respect to this Section and has the right to enforce this Section directly against Company, and Company agrees: (a) to authorize LiveRamp to provide its Data Onboarding Services to Company, including to access and download Company's CRM data for placement of data cookies and delivery of such cookies to Quantcast; (b) to upload all data to LiveRamp's SFTP site, and not provide such data directly to Quantcast. Company is prohibited from sending Quantcast any Direct Identifiers, or recombining any data it receives from Quantcast with Direct Identifiers; (c) Company will not (i) resell or provide access to LiveRamp's Data Onboarding Services to anyone except Authorized Users, (ii) re-identify, derive any data from, or otherwise reverse engineer data Company may receive through LiveRamp’s Data Onboarding Services, (iii) use such service to sell or advertise any products that are considered or related to adult entertainment, tobacco, illegal gambling, firearms, or any other illegal product; (d) Company will not provide LiveRamp with any data (i) related to any restricted or sensitive categories of data, including individual's health or medical condition, sexual orientation, or religion, (ii) of those under age 18 (or age 13 if from Australia), or (iii) which Company does not own or have rights to, or has not otherwise obtained consent for; and (e) to additionally warrant that: (i) it will not direct data to any destination other than Quantcast unless Company has a direct agreement with the entity controlling such third-party destination and the handling of such data by such third-party destination is subject to the terms and conditions of that direct agreement, (ii) it has obtained and maintains all required consents under Applicable Privacy Laws for LiveRamp to collect, use and retain personally identifiable information provided to LiveRamp hereunder for purposes of LiveRamp providing its Data Onboarding Services.
LiveRamp Fees
: During each month of the Term that Company utilizes Quantcast’s upload facility (e.g., a Quantcast S3 bucket) to provide data to LiveRamp or otherwise utilizes LiveRamp with the Platform outside of a direct agreement between LiveRamp and Company, Company shall additionally pay Quantcast “LiveRamp Fees” at the rates communicated by Quantcast to Company. For clarity, “
Third Party Costs
” as used in the Agreement shall include the LiveRamp Fees.
For avoidance of doubt, Quantcast is not liable for any fees to LiveRamp for Company’s use of its own upload facility with LiveRamp or otherwise under Company’s direct agreement with LiveRamp.
Data Subject Requests
: At least one every thirty days, Company will provide any opt outs and deletion requests to a specific SMTP folder or other means enabled by Quantcast.
6. Stripe Payment Services
Quantcast uses Stripe to execute online payment transactions (e.g., credit card, wire transfer, automatic ACH, etc.). If Company uses this feature, it agrees to be bound by the Stripe Connected Account Agreement, available at
https://stripe.com/connect/account-terms
, to comply with the Stripe Payment Method Terms, available at
https://stripe.com/gb/legal/payment-terms
and to be subject to the Stripe Privacy Policy, available at
https://stripe.com/privacy
. Company also understands and agrees to the business restrictions imposed by Stripe at
https://stripe.com/gb/legal/restricted-businesses
. Each of these terms may be updated from time to time. For avoidance of doubt, if any payment Company initiates using Stripe does not successfully complete, Company is obligated to immediately pay Quantcast by another means acceptable to Quantcast and Company is liable for any costs, penalties or charges imposed by Stripe. Company authorizes Quantcast to make repeating automatic payments using the credit card or other payment means provided to Stripe. For clarity, “Third-Party Services” as used in the Agreement shall include use of any Stripe product or service with the Platform.
Effective May 23rd 2024
to
December 16th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
ADDITIONAL TERMS
Last Updated: May 22, 2024
These Additional Terms supplement the Master Services Agreement or other agreement (“
Agreement
”) between the party using Quantcast’s services (“
Company
”) and Quantcast (as defined in the Agreement).
Quantcast may modify these Additional Terms. Quantcast will notify Company by making the revised version available on this page or an identified successor page, and an updated revision date will indicate that changes have been made. If Company does not accept the changes, Company must stop using the relevant Services.  Company’s continued use of such Services after Quantcast publishes changes means that Company consents to the updates. Any capitalized terms not defined in the Additional Terms shall have the meaning given to such terms (or such similar defined terms) in the Agreement.
GENERAL
1. Trial Services
This section will apply if Company selects the Trial option when signing up for Quantcast Services. Quantcast may make available to new Quantcast customers a trial period for limited use of the Services (“
Trial
”). Unless the Trial description provides for a different period, the Trial will last for a period of 14 days only and may only be used once (unless an exception is made by Quantcast). After the Trial, Company will be required to submit payment to Quantcast in order to continue accessing the Services. If Company does not wish to continue using the Services after the Trial, Company may close its account via the Platform. Failure to act will result in Company’s access to the Services being automatically disabled. Company will not attempt to circumvent the limit on Trials, including by registering multiple accounts. Quantcast reserves the right to change the features of the Trial and/or remove or cancel the Trial at any time with no liability. For purposes of the Trial, the Services are provided on an ‘as is’ basis, without any representations, warranties, or covenants by Quantcast.
2.  Test Releases
From time to time, Quantcast may offer Company the right to use certain experimental features and functionality ("
Test Releases
"), including those identified as “alpha” or “beta”.  All Test Releases shall be provided on an ‘as is’ basis, without any representations, warranties, or covenants by Quantcast, and may be terminated by Quantcast in its sole discretion. Notwithstanding any other provision in the Agreement, Quantcast shall have no liability for Test Releases.  Use of Test Releases may be subject to additional terms and conditions, which Quantcast will provide in each applicable instance.
INVENTORY RELATED TERMS
3. Quantcast Curation Services
The Services may provide Company the option to purchase packages of Inventory, curated by Quantcast and/or by or on behalf of Company (“
Curated Inventory
”). For the avoidance of doubt, Curated Inventory constitutes “inventory” or “Inventory” (or similar terms such as “supply”) under the Agreement.  Company may only use Curated Inventory curated by Quantcast via the Services. Any inventory sourced by Company must meet the requirements of the Quantcast Supply Policy.
4. Additional Inventory Provider Restrictions
By accessing and using the Inventory Providers, Company agrees to comply, and shall be liable for its non-compliance with the applicable Inventory Provider Restrictions as linked below:
Telaria and Rubicon:
https://www.magnite.com/legal/ad-quality-guidelines/
Pubmatic:
https://pubmatic.com/legal/aq-policy/
THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
5. LiveRamp Services.
The following terms apply to the extent Company uses any product or service of LiveRamp, Inc. or its subsidiaries (collectively, “
LiveRamp
”) in connection with the Platform or Services, outside of a direct agreement between LiveRamp and Company. For clarity, “Third-Party Services” as used in the Agreement shall include use of any LiveRamp product or service with the Platform.
LiveRamp Usage Terms
. Company agrees that LiveRamp is an intended third-party beneficiary to this Agreement with respect to this Section and has the right to enforce this Section directly against Company, and Company agrees: (a) to authorize LiveRamp to provide its Data Onboarding Services to Company, including to access and download Company's CRM data for placement of data cookies and delivery of such cookies to Quantcast; (b) to upload all data to LiveRamp's SFTP site, and not provide such data directly to Quantcast. Company is prohibited from sending Quantcast any Direct Identifiers, or recombining any data it receives from Quantcast with Direct Identifiers; (c) Company will not (i) resell or provide access to LiveRamp's Data Onboarding Services to anyone except Authorized Users, (ii) re-identify, derive any data from, or otherwise reverse engineer data Company may receive through LiveRamp’s Data Onboarding Services, (iii) use such service to sell or advertise any products that are considered or related to adult entertainment, tobacco, illegal gambling, firearms, or any other illegal product; (d) Company will not provide LiveRamp with any data (i) related to any restricted or sensitive categories of data, including individual's health or medical condition, sexual orientation, or religion, (ii) of those under age 18 (or age 13 if from Australia), or (iii) which Company does not own or have rights to, or has not otherwise obtained consent for; and (e) to additionally warrant that: (i) it will not direct data to any destination other than Quantcast unless Company has a direct agreement with the entity controlling such third-party destination and the handling of such data by such third-party destination is subject to the terms and conditions of that direct agreement, (ii) it has obtained and maintains all required consents under Applicable Privacy Laws for LiveRamp to collect, use and retain personally identifiable information provided to LiveRamp hereunder for purposes of LiveRamp providing its Data Onboarding Services.
LiveRamp Fees
:   During each month of the Term that Company utilizes Quantcast’s upload facility (e.g., a Quantcast S3 bucket) to provide data to LiveRamp or otherwise utilizes LiveRamp with the Platform outside of a direct agreement between LiveRamp and Company, Company shall additionally pay Quantcast “LiveRamp Fees” at the rates communicated by Quantcast to Company. For clarity, “
Third Party Costs
” as used in the Agreement shall include the LiveRamp Fees.
For avoidance of doubt, Quantcast is not liable for any fees to LiveRamp for Company’s use of its own upload facility with LiveRamp or otherwise under Company’s direct agreement with LiveRamp.
Data Subject Requests
: At least one every thirty days, Company will provide updated data that omits any data subject to an opt out or deletion request.
6. Stripe Payment Services
Quantcast uses Stripe to execute online payment transactions (e.g., credit card, wire transfer, automatic ACH, etc.). If Company uses this feature, it agrees to be bound by the Stripe Connected Account Agreement, available at
https://stripe.com/connect/account-terms
, to comply with the Stripe Payment Method Terms, available at
https://stripe.com/gb/legal/payment-terms
and to be subject to the Stripe Privacy Policy, available at
https://stripe.com/privacy
. Company also understands and agrees to the business restrictions imposed by Stripe at
https://stripe.com/gb/legal/restricted-businesses
. Each of these terms may be updated from time to time. For avoidance of doubt, if any payment Company initiates using Stripe does not successfully complete, Company is obligated to immediately pay Quantcast by another means acceptable to Quantcast and Company is liable for any costs, penalties or charges imposed by Stripe. Company authorizes Quantcast to make repeating automatic payments using the credit card or other payment means provided to Stripe. For clarity, “Third-Party Services” as used in the Agreement shall include use of any Stripe product or service with the Platform.
Effective July 1st 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Page:
/
Please download the PDF to view this document.
Download
Sub-policy 19
http://rubiconproject.com/privacy-policy/:
Legal & Privacy Policies
Legal
→
Legal & Privacy Policies
Privacy
Data Privacy Framework
November 6, 2023
Advertising Platform Privacy Policy
September 30, 2024
Website Privacy Policy
November 26, 2024
Platform Cookie Policy
June 28, 2024
User Choice Portal
September 30, 2024
Website Cookie Platform Policy
November 26, 2024
Policies & Guidelines
Ad Quality Guidelines
March 1, 2024
Inventory Quality Guidelines
June 12, 2024
Purchase Orders
Purchase Requisition Terms and Conditions
June 23, 2021
Martech Breakthrough Awards 2023
Best Video Advertising...
Martech Breakthrough Awards 2023
AdExchanger Awards 2022
Best Video Technology for...
AdExchanger Awards 2022
AdExchanger Programmatic Power Players 2023
AdExchanger Programmatic Power Players 2023
Insider’s Rising Stars of Ad Tech 2023
Kristen Williams
Insider’s Rising Stars of Ad Tech 2023
Advanced Advertising Innovation Award 2023
Best Definition of Target...
AdExchanger + Admonsters Top Women in Media & Ad Tech 2023
Privacy Powerhouse (Rachel...
AdExchanger + Admonsters Top Women in Media & Ad Tech 2023
Cookie Policy
This site uses cookies to store information on your computer. Some are essential to make our site work; others help us improve the site. Read our website
privacy policy
and
cookie statement
to learn more.
Deny
Allow Cookies
Close modal
Sub-policy 20
https://www.sizmek.com/privacy-policy/:
Your connection is not private
Attackers might be trying to steal your information from
www.sizmek.com
(for example, passwords, messages, or credit cards).
Learn more about this warning
net::ERR_CERT_COMMON_NAME_INVALID
Subject:
advertising.amazon.com
Issuer:
Amazon RSA 2048 M01
Expires on:
Jul 28, 2025
Current date:
Mar 16, 2025
PEM encoded chain:
-----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----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-----END CERTIFICATE-----
-----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----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-----END CERTIFICATE-----
-----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----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-----END CERTIFICATE-----
Certificate Transparency:
SCT Google 'Argon2025h2' log (Embedded in certificate, Verified)
SCT DigiCert Yeti2025 Log (Embedded in certificate, Verified)
SCT DigiCert Nessie2025 Log (Embedded in certificate, Verified)
Warnings may be common while websites update their security. This should improve soon.
Help improve security on the web for everyone by sending
URLs of some pages you visit, limited system information, and some page content
to Google.
Privacy policy
Turn on enhanced protection
to get Chrome's highest level of security
Back to safety
Advanced
This server could not prove that it is
www.sizmek.com
; its security certificate is from
advertising.amazon.com
. This may be caused by a misconfiguration or an attacker intercepting your connection.
Proceed to www.sizmek.com (unsafe)
Sub-policy 21
https://www.sovrn.com/privacy-policy/:
Resources
Support
Contact
Knowledge Base
Status
Sign In
Sign Up
Back
Resources
Support
Contact
Knowledge Base
Status
Trust Center
Overview
Legal
Master Services Agreement
Data Processing Addendum (Sovrn as Data Importer)
Standard Contractual Clause Selections and Addendum
Data Processing Addendum (Sovrn as the Exporter)
Standard Contractual Clause Selections and Addendum
Data Processing Addendum Archive
Website Terms of Use
Referral Terms
Privacy
About Our Cookies
Your Privacy Choices
Law Enforcement Request Policy
Subprocessors
Third-party providers
Privacy Policy
CCPA Metrics
Audience Segments
Service Policies
Advertising Supply Policy
Advertising Demand Policy
Take Down Policy
Commerce Publisher Code of Conduct
Sovrn Legal
About Our Cookies
Your Privacy Choices
Law Enforcement Request Policy
Subprocessors
Third-party providers
Privacy Policy
CCPA Metrics
Audience Segments
Overview
Legal
Master Services Agreement
Data Processing Addendum (Sovrn as Data Importer)
Standard Contractual Clause Selections and Addendum
Data Processing Addendum (Sovrn as the Exporter)
Standard Contractual Clause Selections and Addendum
Data Processing Addendum Archive
Website Terms of Use
Referral Terms
Privacy
About Our Cookies
Your Privacy Choices
Law Enforcement Request Policy
Subprocessors
Third-party providers
Privacy Policy
– Our Commitment to Good Advertising Practices
– Information We Collect
– How We Collect Information
– How We Use Information
– Our Information Sharing Practices
– How To Opt Out
– Children’s Privacy
– Retention of Personal Information
– Security
– Country and US State Specific Disclosures
– Changes in this Privacy Policy
– Contact Us
– Revision Log
CCPA Metrics
Audience Segments
Service Policies
Advertising Supply Policy
Advertising Demand Policy
Take Down Policy
Commerce Publisher Code of Conduct
Privacy Policy
Last Updated November 18, 2022
Effective Date: December 19, 2023
Sovrn provides data and monetization tools to our customers that allow for revenue generation through digital advertising, affiliate network marketing and commercial data products. We believe in transparency and respecting consumer choice as a foundation of trust, so we have crafted this Privacy Policy to help you understand how we handle Personal Information, and your privacy choices.
Our products are used on websites and other internet-connected services (such as smart TV’s and mobile devices). A more in-depth description of our Services can be found at our
Publisher Products
site.
This
“Privacy Policy”
describes how Sovrn collects, uses, and shares personal information in connection with (i) Sovrn Services; and (ii) our public-facing business websites found at
www.sovrn.com
and other websites that we own and operate that link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, the
“Site”
).
If unsure about any of the information provided, please reach out to privacy@sovrn.com.
Definition of Terms
Throughout this Privacy Policy, we use some phrases that are unique to our business or the technology underlying our Services or may just be new to you. The following are definitions of some of the key terms that you’ll need to know to make it easier to understand this Privacy Policy:
“Advertiser”
means an entity providing ads to be placed on Publisher websites.
“Interest-Based Advertising”
is an umbrella term used throughout this Privacy Policy to indicate cross-device targeting, targeted advertising, cross-contextual behavioral advertising, and similar activities related to the use of profiles to understand the browsing and/or purchasing behaviors of consumers.  For more information, please see the
BBB National Programs
site.
“Non-Personal Information”
means information that is not associated with or linked to Personal Information including aggregate or de-identified information.
“Personal Information”
means any information that can be used to directly or indirectly identify a natural person, such as contact information (i.e., name, address, e-mail address, and/or phone number), and/or information that uniquely and persistently identifies a browser or device, such as an IP address, mobile advertising identifier, unique online  identifiers, email address that has been hashed to generate an alphanumeric identifier, or combination of information about a browser or device (such as IP address and browser type/settings).
“Publishers”
are websites or publications that use Sovrn Services, or natural persons who interact with Sovrn on behalf of such websites or publications.  Publishers are also Sovrn customers.
“Readers”
are individuals who visit our Publishers’ websites or the Site.
“Sovrn”
or
“we,” “us,”
or
“our”
means Sovrn, Inc. with our affiliates (including those not under the Sovrn brand).
Description of Sovrn Services
The Sovrn Services that collect information from Readers are
Exchange and Ad Management for
Interest-based Advertising
;
Commerce for affiliate network marketing, shopping galleries and price comparisons; and
Signal for viewer engagement metrics.
Sovrn is a data broker, allowing us to provide commercial data products (
“Data”
) to our customers, which are also part of the Services. As a data broker we may share your Personal Information with other parties for our commercial interests. Please refer to “
Country and US State Specific Disclosures
” for more information related to specific privacy rights related to disclosures through our data brokerage.
In order to provide the Services, we collect Personal Information from our Publishers as described in our Publisher contractual agreements, and this Privacy Policy.
Please note that the Services may contain links to websites or content operated and maintained by third parties over which we have no control. We encourage review of the privacy policies of such third-party websites and content before disclosing any information to them.
In addition to the Services, Sovrn collects Personal Information through interactions with the Site. By visiting or submitting Personal Information through the Site, you acknowledge the processing of your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Our Commitment to Good Advertising Practices
Sovrn supports industry self-regulatory principles and endorses industry recognized practices and self-regulatory standards.
Sovrn follows and adheres to the industry Self-Regulatory Principles of the
Digital Advertising Alliance
(“DAA”).
Sovrn also adheres to the
Interactive Advertising Bureau
(“IAB”) Code of Conduct, and actively participates in the
IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework
(TCF 2.0). We comply with IAB’s Specifications and Policies under vendor identification number 13.
For more information about industry self-regulation of Interest-Based Advertising, please visit:
www.networkadvertising.org
and
www.aboutads.info
.
Information We Collect
The information we collect allows us to see browsing habits at an individual device level, but we do not attempt to identify the exact individual who is browsing. Here we outline the types of information used in Interest-Based Advertising, as well as what to expect when visiting our Site.
Sovrn Services and Site collects both Personal Information and Non-Personal Information. Sovrn does not collect personally identifiable information (
“PII”
) about Readers that could directly identify them to Sovrn, such as names, surnames, plain-text email addresses, physical addresses, or phone numbers, unless provided to us through the Site when requesting materials or information from us. For clarity, none of the information collected through the Site is used in our commercial Data products.
The following provides more detail into the types of Personal Information we may collect (and in some instances purchase from partners) and use in conjunction with the Sovrn Services and Site:
Identifier
Description
Used by
Cookie ID
A randomly generated identifier (including those created by Sovrn) that is stored on a browser and allows us to understand Reader browsing behavior, without knowing the exact identity of the individual. Also known as a third-party cookie.
All Services and Site
Connected television identifier (CTV ID)
Examples of connected televisions (CTV) include Xbox, PlayStation, Roku, Amazon Fire TV, Apple TV, and devices provided by manufacturers such as Samsung and Vizio. A CTV ID is a unique identifier that is generated by the CTV and is used for various purposes, including Interest-Based Advertising.
Exchange
Device information
Device information can include your browser agent, browser type, operating system, device type, use of ad blocking tools, and information about the possible relationships among different browsers and devices.
All Services and Site
Hashed email
Hashing is a way of making a piece of data, like an email address, into a hexadecimal string so that it is no longer readable. Each email address has its own unique hexadecimal string that remains consistent no matter where the email address is used.
Ad Management and Signal (collect); Data (procure)
IP address
An Internet Protocol address (IP address) is a numerical label assigned by an Internet Service Provider (ISP) to each device connected to a computer network that allows the device to communicate on the Internet. Most IP addresses are dynamic, meaning they change every time the device is restarted.  IP addresses allow us to infer your general location in order to help us understand your data rights.
All Services and Site
Mobile advertising ID
Mobile advertising IDs are provided by the mobile device’s operating system, and can be reset by users. Typical advertising IDs are AAID/GAID (Android) and IDFA (Apple). Mobile advertising IDs allow developers and marketers to track activity associated with a specific device for targeted advertising purposes.
Exchange (collect) and Data (procure)
Personally Identifiable Information (“PII”)
Personal Information that directly identifies an individual such as name, surname and email address. PII may be required for some inquiries through the Site. Sovrn will only collect PII you voluntarily provide.
Site
Unique online identifier
An identifier created by our Publishers to understand an individual’s browsing behavior on their own site, as well as across different websites. These identifiers are shared with Sovrn to help us understand the preferences of individuals so that we can provide our targeted advertising services.
All Services and Site
Voice Recordings
When our customers interact with Sovrn through virtual meetings or by telephone, we may record the call to assist with taking notes and for internal training purposes
Sovrn Sales and Support Teams
How We Collect Information
Sovrn uses various technologies to collect both Personal- and Non-Personal Information, such as cookies, web beacons, tracking pixels, or scripts. We also collect information voluntarily provided through our Site. The term ‘cookies’ is used as an umbrella term for these technologies; for convenience, these technologies are collectively referred to in this Privacy Policy as “cookies.”
Both session cookies (which expire once the web browser is closed) and persistent cookies (which stay on a device until deleted or expire) are used to collect viewing and search behaviors by both Sovrn Services and the Site. For more information about how cookies are used or what information we collect, please see our
Cookie Notice
.
Through our Site
We collect Personal Information submitted to us voluntarily, such as name and contact information. For example, when signing up to receive our newsletter or to participate in a webinar we collect your email address. When contacting us via email, we will collect the email contents.
Through Sovrn Services
The information we gather about browsing preferences and purchasing behaviors using cookies helps us provide Sovrn Services to our Publishers, which in turn provides meaningful Interest-based Advertising to Readers.
Readers
.
We set cookies (where allowed) at the first visit to any of the Publisher sites that deploy Sovrn Services. If our cookie is already set on a browser, we recognize a returning Reader and log data using the existing cookie. Readers have the option to use tools provided by browsers to decline to receive cookies or to clear cookies, which will result in us treating the Reader as a new visitor when encountering Sovrn Services. However, in order to stop Interest-based Advertising by Sovrn, individuals must explicitly opt-out as described in the “
How to Opt-Out
” section.
Some of our business partners (for example, Google Analytics) may set or use their own cookies on our Publisher websites or through Sovrn Services where Sovrn has no access to or control over these cookies. Specific to Google Analytics, opt-out by visiting
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
Publishers
.
Publishers provide Personal Information about themselves when registering to use Sovrn Services. Alternatively, Publishers may register for Sovrn Services using an existing Google account, in which case Sovrn will receive Personal Information from Google as defined by Google’s privacy policy. Personal Information collected at registration may include: a valid email address, username and password, first and last name, telephone number, website(s) URLs, software, mobile applications, log-in IP address(es), physical address, ZIP code, and country of residence for the Publisher contact.
When using the Sovrn Platform to manage your account, we will also set cookies that allow us to remember your preferences, as well as to collect analytics about how our customers are interacting with the service.
We collect Publisher payment information from those who purchase Sovrn Services. Sovrn provides a third-party service to manage revenue payments to Publishers. This service also provides transactional information to Sovrn for financial reporting purposes.
We may also collect and categorize information about the content on Publisher pages integrated with Sovrn Services and link this information to Personal Information collected through the delivery of Sovrn Services.
Publishers may choose not to provide us with certain Personal Information, but this may limit the features of the Sovrn Services available for use.
Through Internet-Connected Technology
As Publishers use the Sovrn Services or Readers access or use digital properties within the Sovrn Publisher network (including websites or applications on internet-connected technology, such as computers, mobile devices, or internet-connected televisions), we may also collect web viewing and search activities across non-affiliated websites (including websites accessed through your television), directly through content viewed on an internet-connected television, and mobile applications (
“apps”
) over time (also known as cross-device tracking). This information may be linked to Personal Information that identifies a browser or device, typically through cookies or tracking pixels/web beacons.
Sovrn may store cookies on your device in order to:
For Publishers, to allow you to use and access secure areas of Sovrn Services. Without these cookies, it may not be possible to load or offer key functionalities, such as logging in to your account, displaying dynamic elements or uploading information.
For both Publishers and Readers, for statistical purposes and to analyze and improve the use and performance of Sovrn Services and the Site, and to do the same for our Publishers’ websites. We also use cookies for a better online experience, as cookies allow us to load or offer key functionalities on our Site, such as displaying dynamic elements or uploading information.
For Readers, to support Sovrn Services, such as for our analytics and data services and to provide Readers with Interest-based Advertising, including through Google’s Exchange Bidding service, and the ability to opt out of such advertising, all as further described in this Privacy Policy. We also use cookies for social media and multimedia functionalities, where videos and other media often rely on cookies to function correctly. In addition, social media platforms such as Facebook and X can use cookies to see if you are logged in and enable you to “like” content or send it to your friends. When you use these features, such third-party companies can collect information from you. Depending on your settings, these external parties may also use such information for advertising purposes. If you would like to know more about this, please refer to the respective privacy policies of these third parties.
In some instances, our business partners link the information we gather through cookies to device identifiers associated with the same Reader (also known as cross-device mapping). They will then share the cross-device mapping or other user data with us, for the purpose of Interest-based Advertising.
We may also use web beacons or “pixels” to collect Personal Information, which are electronic images that may be used on website(s) (including Publisher websites and the Site) or in emails sent in Publisher campaigns or from Sovrn directly. We use tracking pixels to, for example, collect hashed emails, sync unique online identifiers, deliver cookies, count visits, understand usage and effectiveness of offers, and tell whether an email has been opened and acted upon.
In addition, we may use session replay technologies for certain automatic data collection from Publishers on the Sovrn Platform. Session replay technology is third-party software used to record a replay of users’ interactions on the Sovrn Platform (such as to troubleshoot how a Publisher interacts with our dashboard). The replay may include users’ clicks, mouse movements, scrolls, mobile app touches, typing, and other activity taken during the session. We use these replays for research and development purposes, such as to help us troubleshoot problems with the Sovrn Services, understand how Publishers interact with and use the Sovrn Services, and identify areas for improvement.
Information from Third-Party Sources
We may receive Personal- and Non-Personal Information about you from other sources and combine it with the information that we collect through Sovrn Services or the Site. Sources may include information conveyed to us by telephone, information that we receive from third-party data providers, or information provided to us by third parties through the Sovrn Publisher network.
When Publishers contact Sovrn by telephone or virtual meeting, we use a third-party service to record the call (with your consent) to assist in documentation and for training purposes.  For clarity, we will only record those actively in the call; if there are others in the vicinity, it is our expectation that they are not recorded unintentionally, unless this Privacy Policy has been provided and their approval to the recording has been obtained.
How We Use Information
We use Personal- and Non-Personal Information to support our commercial interests (Interest-based Advertising, affiliate network marketing, and Data), internal business operations (such as improving the Services, fraud prevention and security), and business intelligence.
Commercial Interests
Commercial interests are activities that allow Sovrn and/or our customers and business partners (such partners include data services and data resellers) to earn revenue and include, for example:
Serving Interest-based Advertising to Readers on behalf of our Publishers and supporting third parties’ Interest-Based Advertising activities. Options for opting-out of such advertising may be found in the “
How to Opt-Out
” section of this Privacy Policy.
Providing Sovrn Services, or any other materials requested through the Site (such as electronic newsletters or promotional emails) to Publishers. Options for opting-out of Sovrn marketing may be found in the “
How to Opt-Out
” section of this Privacy Policy.
Creating audience segments* by categorizing Personal Information we have collected by common interests, intent or other characteristics (for clarity, PII is not used for this purpose).  Audience segments are used to provide additional insights, enrichment of our Publisher’s first party data, and to attribute reader interests to browsers and devices to better inform advertising campaigns.
Specific to Sovrn Commerce, we will use Personal Information to optimize links, determine the best merchant destination for clicks, and set the appropriate language and region for click destinations.
We may use Publisher contact information to invite you to take part in market research.
* We do not use Personal Information to derive audience segments that could be defined as ‘sensitive’ or ‘special categories’ under various data privacy laws and regulations.  Please visit Sovrn’s
Audience Segments
page for more information.
Internal Business Operations
Internal business operations are activities that allow us to meet obligations to Publishers, Readers, and third-party partners (including regulatory bodies). Internal business operations do not directly benefit any one person or entity, and include, for example:
Auditing related to counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance with various data privacy laws and regulations, as well as other standards.
Auditing related to counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance with various data privacy laws and regulations, as well as other standards.
Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality of our products, content, services and websites.
Improve and protect our products, content, services and websites, to the extent the use of the Personal Information is reasonably necessary and proportionate for these purposes.
Performing services, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying Publisher information, processing payments, or providing analytic services.
Monitoring any Publisher account to prevent, investigate and/or report fraud, terrorism, misrepresentation, security incidents or crime, in accordance with applicable law.
Compliance with applicable laws and to protect Sovrn’s legitimate business interests and legal rights, including, but not limited to, use in connection with legal claims, compliance, regulatory, investigative purposes (including disclosure of such information in connection with law enforcement requests, legal process or litigation), protecting our and others’ rights, privacy, safety, or property, and enforcing our agreements.
Responding to comments or complaints or sending service-related communications.
Business Intelligence
Business intelligence allows us to analyze and report on the performance of Sovrn Services and the Site, as that performance relates to Publisher or Sovrn campaigns, and includes:
Monitoring the use of Sovrn Services to support Publisher analytics and reporting.
Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration.
Performing Analytical Analysis. We work with third parties that collect data about Reader use of the Site and other websites or online services over time for non-advertising purposes. For example, we use Google Analytics and other third-party services to improve the performance of Sovrn Services and for analytics and marketing purposes. For more information about how Google Analytics collects and uses data,  visit
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
. Opt-out of Google Analytics by visiting
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
.
A Note on Non-Personal Information
We may collect Non-Personal Information through Sovrn Services or we may create Non-Personal Information from Personal Information by removing identifying information (such as email address or device identifiers).
We may use Non-Personal Information for a variety of purposes to operate and improve the Sovrn Services, such as functional testing, analyzing usage patterns, market research, data analysis (including in support of Interest-Based Advertising), and developing new products.
We may also use Non-Personal Information on Readers’ activities collected from Publisher websites (such as page views, use of ad blocking technology, and search queries) to provide aggregate information to Publishers so that they can improve their content and optimize advertising revenue.
We may use and disclose Non-Personal Information for any purpose in our discretion, to the extent permitted under applicable law. If we are required to treat Non-Personal Information as Personal Information under applicable law, then we may use or disclose it for all the purposes for which we use and disclose Personal Information.
Our Information Sharing Practices
Sovrn shares the Personal Information collected through our Services, procured through our data partners, or our Site with the following third parties and as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy:
Affiliates
: Sovrn may share some or all Reader Personal Information with our Affiliates (i.e. companies which are under common control, such as subsidiaries or joint ventures), in which case we will require our Affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy in all material respects.  Please reference the
Sovrn Careers
page to view our affiliate locations.
Business Transitions
: In the event Sovrn goes through a business transition such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets including in bankruptcy, Personal Information may be among the assets transferred.
Law Enforcement, Government Authorities, and Private Parties
: We may disclose Personal Information if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to (a) comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on us; (b) to protect and defend the rights or property of Sovrn, Publishers, or third parties; or (c) for the other compliance, fraud prevention, and safety purposes described in this Privacy Policy.  Please see our
Law Enforcement Request Policy
for the requirements applicable to law enforcement requests.
Publishers
: We may disclose Personal Information that identifies a device or browser to Publishers and their service providers to provide the Sovrn Services, such as measuring the effectiveness of advertising, advertising attribution, and preventing advertising fraud, or to indicate Reader preferences for Interest-Based Advertising.
Other Third-Party Customers
: We may disclose Personal Information that identifies a device or browser to our third-party customers that include, for example, other advertising services and data enrichment services, who will use and disclose the information for their own purposes. We may also share Non-Personal Information such as aggregated reports derived in part from the information we have collected. The information we share may also be combined with third-party data to provide an even broader service to our customers. Please see
How to Opt-Out
for more information on choices related to this practice.
Service Providers
: We may provide Personal Information to third-party service providers (sub-/processors) who work on behalf of or with us to provide the Sovrn Services including to help us communicate with you. Examples of such services include our ability to send email, perform data analysis, provide marketing assistance, process payments (including credit card payments, through a third-party service), and provide customer service. For a list of our Service Providers, please visit
https://www.sovrn.com/legal/subprocessors/
Advertising Partners:
We may share your Personal Information with third parties that we partner with to engage in Interest-Based Advertising, including through the use of cookies and similar technologies. These third party advertising companies may collect information about your activity over time through the Services and across other online services to serve you advertisements. For a list of our Advertising Partners, please visit
https://www.sovrn.com/privacy-policy/third-parties/
.
Professional Advisors
: We may share Personal Information with persons, companies, or professional firms providing Sovrn with advice and consulting in accounting, administrative, legal, tax, financial, debt collection, and other matters.
How To Opt Out
Sovrn supports various opt-out mechanisms, where each option provides different results related to cross-device tracking and targeted advertising. While using these mechanisms may prevent Interest-based Advertising or the sale of your Personal Information, there are no mechanisms for preventing advertising altogether.
Opting Out of Sovrn’s Interest-based Advertising
Just as there are different mechanisms for providing Interest-based Advertising (such as through a web browser, apps on your mobile device and connected televisions), there are multiple ways you can limit the use of your personal information for targeted advertising purposes and the sale or sharing of your personal information.
To simplify the management of Interest-based Advertising preferences, Sovrn participates in the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA)
AdChoices program
that allows a user to manage their Interest-based Advertising preferences on their browser(s) or device(s) across all participating DAA members.
For more information on how to opt-out of the sale or sharing of personal information, please see the section, “
Your California Privacy Rights
” located in the “
Country and US State Specific Disclosures
” section, below or our webform found in the
Privacy Center
.
Cookies and Unique Online Identifiers Used by Web Browsers
Your opt-out choice will apply to the browser or device where you make the choice. This means that Sovrn will not deliver Interest-based Advertising to this browser or device and we will not otherwise use or transfer data collected on this browser or device for Interest-based Advertising.
Readers who wish to opt out of Sovrn’s collection, use, or transfer of such data from a browser for Interest-based Advertising purposes can visit
https://www.aboutads.info/
to learn more about Interest-based Advertising.  There, you may also access the
DAA WebChoices
tool for managing preferences on web browsers, and to exercise opt-out choice with respect to Sovrn and other companies participating in the DAA’s self-regulatory program.
Identifiers used by connected TVs and mobile devices / apps
Readers who wish to opt-out of Sovrn’s collection, use, or transfer of such data from apps on a mobile device for Interest-based Advertising purposes can download the
DAA’s AppChoices
application to manage preferences on mobile platforms like Android or Apple iOS devices.  More information on your options for opting out of targeted advertising provided through your connected television streaming devices can be found on the
Network Advertising Initiative (NAI)
site.
When using DAA’s opt-out tools, choice will be effective only on the browser or device where choice has been exercised. If using a different device or browser, the opt-out choice(s) will need to be renewed for the new device or browser. Our opt-out tool for browsers is cookie-based, so that an opt-out choice can only be honored if a browser is set to accept third-party cookies. If the opt-out cookie is deleted, then the opt-out choice(s) must be renewed.
Opting out of Interest-based Advertising prevents the collection of Personal Information but does not prevent data collection of Non-Personal Information.  We may continue to collect, use and transfer such Non-Personal Information for other purposes such as contextual advertising based on a current visit to a website, fraud prevention, or improving site performance.
Opting out also will not stop advertising from appearing in a browser. After opting-out, Readers may receive advertising from Sovrn Services when visiting websites of a Publisher who uses our Services, but that advertising will not be interest-based. After opting out of Sovrn’s Interest-based Advertising, Readers may also continue to receive Interest-based Advertising through other companies.
Opting Out of Sovrn’s Affiliate Network Marketing
Readers who wish to opt-out of Sovrn Commerce collection, use, or transfer of Personal Information from the websites you visit, the links you click, or the merchants you make purchases from, visit our
Privacy Center
and choose ‘Disable Tracking.’
Opting out of Sovrn Commerce cookies means that Sovrn Commerce will stop placing cookies on your device when you browse Sovrn Commerce enabled websites and/or links.
To honor your opt-out choice, we need to place a cookie on your device so that we know not to track your activity. Clearing your browser’s cache or cookies will remove this cookie, and you will be required to opt-out of tracking again. Similarly, if you access sites that use Sovrn Commerce from a different browser or device than the browser or device on which you opted-out of tracking, you will be required to opt-out again.
Opting Out of Sovrn Marketing
Unsubscribe instructions will accompany each promotional email we send. Alternatively, contact us directly to change promotional email preferences at marketing@sovrn[.]com.
Regardless of your promotional communication preferences, we will send Publishers messages related to our business relationship or transactions.
For any questions regarding a Sovrn Publisher account, please contact support@sovrn[.]com.
Advertising Choices on the Site
Some of the Advertising Partners that collect data on the Site to help us advertise the Sovrn Services and our business may also participate in the DAA and/or may be members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI). You can obtain more information about these companies’ information collection practices, and opt-out of receiving interest-based advertising from participating NAI and DAA members, at the
NAI’s website
or the
DAA’s website
. You can also limit collection of your information for Interest-Based Advertising by blocking third party cookies in your browser settings or using privacy plug-ins or ad blocking software that help you block third party cookies.
Many of the opt-out preferences described in this section must be set on each device and/or browser for which you want them to apply. Please note that some of the Advertising Partners we work with may not participate in the opt-out mechanisms described above, so even after opting-out, you may still receive Interest-Based Advertising from other companies. If you opt-out of Interest-Based Advertising, you will still see advertisements online but they may be less relevant to you.
Children’s Privacy
Sovrn does not knowingly collect Personal Information from or direct Sovrn Services to children under the age of 16.
If you are not 16 years old, please do not use the Site. Do not submit your name, email address, or other personal information using our web forms.
As operators of their own websites and content, our Publishers are solely responsible for compliance with law related to the collection and use of information from children under the age of 16. If, during routine review, Sovrn believes children under the age of 16 have submitted their personal information into our web forms or our customer’s websites, we will, in our sole discretion, delete the information believed to belong to those under 16 years old.
Retention of Personal Information
We will retain Personal Information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose of collection, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements, to establish and defend legal claims, for fraud prevention purposes, or as long as required to meet our legal obligations. To determine the appropriate retention period for Personal Information, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the Personal Information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your Personal Information, the purposes for which we process your Personal Information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
Security
Sovrn has put in place commercially reasonable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the Personal Information we collect; however, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. As a result, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your Personal Information. For more information, please visit
Sovrn’s Security
page.
Country and US State Specific Disclosures
Various data privacy laws require specific disclosures regarding the collection and use of your Personal Information. These disclosures are meant to supplement, and are consistent with, the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
Notice to Residents of the EEA, Switzerland and UK: Data Subject Rights
This section applies only to individuals located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), Switzerland or the United Kingdom (“Applicable Countries”) and supplements the practices described in this Privacy Policy. It describes certain rights and protections under applicable law regarding the processing of Personal Information. For purposes of this section, “Personal Information” has the meaning given to “personal data” governed by the Applicable Countries’ data protection legislation.
Role of Sovrn as a Controller or Processor
If located in one of the Applicable Countries, Sovrn may act as a “controller” as defined under applicable law when processing Personal Information. Sovrn may also act as a “processor” as defined under applicable law to the extent that we process Personal Information on behalf of and at the instruction of another party, for example a Sovrn customer.
Legal Basis for Processing
Sovrn’s legal basis for processing Personal Information depends upon the specific context in which it is collected or used. In some cases, we rely on data subject consent (as defined under applicable law) to process Personal Information for Interest-Based Advertising, which we require Publishers using Sovrn Services to obtain on our behalf. In other cases, we may rely on our legitimate interests to collect and use Personal Information, except where our interests are overridden by data-protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. For example, we will also process Personal Information collected from Interest-Based Advertising in order to improve the Sovrn Services for our Publishers where permitted by law. Our legitimate interests are described in greater detail in the “
How We Use Information
” section of this Privacy Policy. These legitimate interests include the operation of our business and the provision of Sovrn Services to our Publishers as required by our agreements with them.
Additionally, we may have a legal obligation to process Personal Information (such as for fraud prevention).
Exercising Data Subject Rights
Individuals may be entitled to exercise certain data subject rights available under applicable laws. These rights may include the right to request access to Personal Information we hold. Individuals may also have the right to object to, or request that we restrict, processing of Personal Information, such as profiling we perform for the purposes of direct marketing and interest-based advertising. Individuals may also have the right to ask that your Personal Information be corrected, erased, or transferred to another party. Where we have asked for consent to process data, consent may be withdrawn.
Anyone afforded any of these rights may exercise them by visiting our
Privacy Center
, or by contacting privacy@sovrn[.]com.
These rights may be limited in some situations–for example, where we can demonstrate that we have a legal requirement to process data. In some instances, this may mean that we are able to retain data even if consent is withdrawn. In other instances, we may provide the requested information with some portions redacted in order to adhere to obligations of confidentiality to others.
Where we require Personal Information to comply with legal or contractual obligations, provision of Personal Information is mandatory; in all other cases, provision of requested Personal Information is optional.
Data Transfers
Sovrn is a global company headquartered in Boulder, Colorado (USA), with data centers located in the United States and Europe. By visiting Publisher’s sites who are using Sovrn Services, Personal Information may be transferred to, stored, and processed by us, our affiliates, and by those third parties with whom we may share your information, some of which are located outside of the Applicable Countries.
These countries (including the United States) may have data protection or other laws that differ from those in the Applicable Countries. We ensure that where Sovrn or third-party service providers receive Personal Information outside of the Applicable Countries, appropriate safeguards are in place under the Applicable Countries’ data protection legislation.
Sovrn may be required to disclose Personal Information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. Such requests are subject to Sovrn’s
Law Enforcement Request Policy
.
IAB Europe Transparency and Consent Framework
Sovrn is registered as a vendor with, and supports and encourages our clients to use, the
IAB Europe Transparency and Consent Framework
(the “IAB Industry Framework”) to provide data subjects with dynamic transparency into and choice about the various vendors our clients use to serve ads, including Sovrn Services. When visiting a website, the IAB Industry Framework is designed to allow a Publisher the means to choose which registered vendors they wish to allow to access a device and process Personal Information, and provide dynamic transparency and choice about each of these vendors (either an opportunity for an individual to consent to the vendor, or opt out of data processing by the vendor, depending on that vendor’s legal basis and processing activities).
Questions or Complaints
Individuals located in one of the Applicable Countries who have questions or concerns about how we process Personal Information may contact our Data Protection Officer at dpo@sovrn.com. If we are not able to resolve the issue, individuals have the right to lodge a complaint with their local data privacy authority. For contact details of local Data Protection Authorities, please visit the
European Data Protection Board member list
or the
UK data protection regulator
.
IT Governance Europe Limited acts as our EU representative. If you wish to exercise your rights under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (EU GDPR) or have any queries in relation to your rights or general privacy matters, please email
eurep@itgovernance.eu
. Please ensure to include our company name (“Sovrn”) in any correspondence.
Notice to California Residents: Your Privacy Choices
This section applies only to California residents and supplements the practices described in this Privacy Policy.  It describes how we collect, use, sell, share, and retain Personal Information of California residents, and their rights with respect to that Personal Information. For purposes of this section, “Personal Information” has the meaning given in the California privacy laws but does not include information exempted from the scope of those laws.
Personal Information We Collect and Purposes of Collection and Use
Personal Information we collect (or have collected in the 12 months preceding the “Effective Date” of this Privacy Policy) about California residents are listed below by reference to the categories specified under California privacy law. Examples in the list refer to the types of Personal Information described above in this Privacy Policy.
Identifiers
, such as cookie ID, unique online identifiers, device information, hashed email, IP address, connected television ID, and mobile advertising ID.
Customer Records
, such as Publisher PII and payment information.
Commercial information
, such as records of products or services purchased, obtained or considered.
Internet or Network Activity
, such as browsing history, search history, and interactions with a website, email, application, or advertisement.
Inferences
drawn from the Personal Information identified above to create a profile reflecting preferences, characteristics or behavior.
We may collect these categories of Personal Information directly from you and from your device as you visit our Site or Publisher sites in our network subscribing to Sovrn Services, or from other third parties as further described in this Privacy Policy under the section titled
“How We Collect Information.”
The purposes, including the specific business and commercial purposes, for which we collect and use these categories of Personal Information are described in this Privacy Policy under the section titled
“How We Use Personal Information.”
To the extent that we may collect any sensitive Personal Information (as defined under California privacy law), such as to provide account management for our Publishers, we only use or disclose it for purposes permitted under California law (i.e., to perform the Sovrn Services, process customer transactions, detect security incidents and prevent fraud, or to verify and maintain the quality of the Services). We do not collect or use sensitive personal information for the purpose of inferring characteristics about California residents.
We retain each of the categories of Personal Information listed above as described in this Privacy Policy under the section titled
“Retention of Personal Data.”
Personal Information “Sold,” “Shared” or Disclosed for Business Purposes
“Sale” is defined under California privacy law as disclosing a California resident’s Personal Information to a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration.  Where such disclosure is for cross-context behavioral advertising, whether or not for monetary or other valuable consideration, it qualifies as “sharing” under California privacy law.
The following table describes the categories of Personal Information “sold” or “shared” for our commercial purposes to each of the categories of third parties listed, and includes our practices in the 12 months preceding the “Effective Date” of this Privacy Policy.
Each category of Personal Information listed in the following table may also have been disclosed for our business purposes (such as for internal use and business intelligence), and have in the preceding 12 months been disclosed, to each of the categories of third parties listed.
The categories of third parties listed, along with our business and commercial purposes for which we “sold,” “shared” or disclosed Personal Information, are described in this Privacy Policy under
“Our Information Sharing Practices”
within the section titled,
“How We Use Information.”
Category of Personal Information
To whom the category of Personal Information is “sold” or “shared”
Identifiers
· Sovrn Publishers
· Advertising Partners
· Other Third-Party Customers (i.e., Data partners, such as data services and resellers)
Customer Records
N/A
Commercial Information
· Sovrn Publishers
· Advertising Partners
· Other Third-Party Customers (i.e., Data partners, such as data services and resellers)
Internet or Network Activity
· Sovrn Publishers
· Advertising Partners
· Other Third-Party Customers (i.e., Data partners, such as data services and resellers)
Inferences
· Sovrn Publishers
· Advertising Partners
· Other Third-Party Customers (i.e., Data partners, such as data services and resellers)
For clarity, Personal Information collected through Sovrn Services, from third parties,  or Internet Connected Technology, (and where Sovrn has a license to further disclose Personal Information to third parties) is included in our commercial Data and “sold” or “shared.” Publisher Personal Information provided for account management is not “sold” or “shared” as defined under California privacy law.
California consumers may request to
opt-out of the sale or sharing
of their Personal Information at any time. Please see “Your California Privacy Rights” below for more information.
Sovrn does not knowingly “sell” or “share” the Personal Information of California residents under 16 years of age.
Your California Privacy Rights
As a California resident, in addition to the rights described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, you have the privacy rights listed below.  However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases we may not be able to respond to your request, such as when a legal exemption applies or if we are not able to verify your identity.
Know/Access
. You can request the following information about how we have collected and used your Personal Information:
– The categories of Personal Information that we have collected.
– The categories of sources from which we collected Personal Information.
– The business or commercial purpose for collecting, “selling,” or “sharing” Personal Information.
– The categories of third parties with whom we disclose Personal Information.
– A copy of the Personal Information that we have collected about you.
Delete
. You can ask us to delete the Personal Information that we have collected from you.
Correct
. You can ask us to correct inaccurate Personal Information that we maintain about you.
Opt-out of sales/sharing
. If we “sell” or “share” your Personal Information, you can opt-out.
Nondiscrimination
. You are entitled to exercise the rights described above without receiving discriminatory treatment.
You may request to exercise the California privacy rights described above as follows:
Right to know/access, delete, or correct
. You can request to exercise your access, deletion, or correction rights by:
– Visiting our Privacy Center and completing the
data rights request webform
;
– Emailing privacy@sovrn[.]com – Please put the statement “CCPA Consumer Request” in the subject line; or
– Calling +1 (888) 280-8085.
Right to opt-out of the “sale” or “sharing” of your Personal Information
. You can request to opt-out of the “sale” or “sharing” of your Personal Information by clicking here:
Your Privacy Choices
and completing the webform or broadcasting the Global Privacy Control (GPC) signal through your browser settings.
– Our Services will honor the GPC signal you broadcast so that the Personal Information that you provide to the Publishers using our Services will be opted-out from “sales” or “sharing.”
– Note that due to technological limitations, if you visit our Services or the Site from a different computer or device, or clear cookies on your browser that store your preferences, you will need to return to the
Your Privacy Choices
page to re-submit your preferences.
– If you direct us not to sell/share your Personal Information, we will consider it a request pursuant to California’s “Shine the Light” law to stop sharing your Personal Information covered by that law with third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
Please visit our
CCPA Metrics page
for details around the type of data rights requests received during the previous calendar year.
Verification Process and Required Information
We reserve the right to confirm your California residence to process your requests and will need to confirm your identity to process your requests to exercise your right to know/access, delete, and correct. This is a security measure to, for example, help ensure we do not disclose information to a person who is not entitled to receive it. The identity verification process may vary depending on how you submit your request. We will only ask for information needed to verify your identity, such as a different email address, or cookie ID.
Authorized Agent
Consistent with California law, you may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. If you do so, we may require proof of your identification, the authorized agent’s proof of identification, and any other information that we may request in order to verify the request, including evidence of valid permission for the authorized agent to act on your behalf. We cannot process your request if you do not provide us with sufficient detail to allow us to understand and respond to it. Authorized agents may submit a request through our
Privacy Center
, where instructions are provided for completing the request.
Fees
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal information (or to exercise any of the other rights).  However, we may charge a reasonable fee or decline to comply with your request if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive, or excessive.
Changes in this Privacy Policy
We may modify or amend this Privacy Policy from time to time at our discretion. When we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will amend the revision date at the top of this page and such modified or amended Privacy Policy shall be effective as to the Personal Information governed by this Privacy Policy as of that revision date. We encourage periodic review of this Privacy Policy to view any updates, as well as the revision log found at the end of this page.
Contact Us
Please contact us at privacy@sovrn[.]com with questions or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy or how we process your Personal Information.
Sovrn will respond in good faith to all privacy inquiries but may not be able to provide complete information if the request requires Sovrn to release confidential information of third parties, or otherwise imposes an undue burden or expense.
Sovrn U.S. Headquarters
1600 Pearl St
Second Floor
Boulder, CO 80302
United States
Sovrn U.K. Headquarters
53, 64 Chancery Ln,
London WC2A 1QU
United Kingdom
Sovrn Switzerland, S.A.
Via Cantonale 19, CH-
6900 Lugano
Switzerland
Revision Log
Section
Revision summary
Version
Our Commitment to Good Advertising Practices & How to Opt Out
Removed information related to the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) YourOnlineChoices program
Dec. 2023
Information We Collect
Updated Privacy Policy to disclose the collection of voice recordings to support Publisher Sales and Support teams
Sep. 2023
Notice to Residents of the EEA, Switzerland and UK: Data Subject Rights; Contacts
Updated semantics for readability; updated Sovrn UK, Limited address
Aug. 2023
Information We Collect; How We Collect Information & How We Use Information
Updated Privacy Policy to disclose additional identifiers processed due to new offered services
Aug. 2023
Information We Collect; How We Collect Information & How We Use Information
Updated Privacy Policy to disclose additional identifiers processed due to new offered services
Apr. 2023
Throughout
Updated Privacy Policy for required disclosures under new US state privacy laws in effect Jan 1 2023, and for general readability
Jan. 2023
Our Commitment to Good Advertising Practices & How to Opt Out
Added information related to our integration with the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) YourOnlineChoices program
Aug. 2022
Throughout
Revised email addresses throughout to reduce spam
Aug. 2022
Exercising California Consumer Rights
Replaced toll-free number with new toll-free number
Aug. 2022
Entire Policy
Consolidated Website and Service Privacy Policies, reordered sections, and updated internal links.
Apr. 2021
Information We Collect
Added ‘Universal ID’ to the list of Personal Information types
Apr. 2021
Personal Data Rights (throughout)
Separation of UK from EU personal data rights as a result of the enactment of the UK GDPR
Feb. 2021
Personal Data Rights: Questions or Complaints
Addition of EU representative as a result of the UK’s exit from the EU
Feb. 2021
Revision Log
New section added for clarity of changes over time
Feb. 2021
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies, but may change your preferences by clicking “Cookie settings". For more information, please visit our
Privacy Policy
.
Cookie settings
Manage cookie consent
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities...
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
Cookie
Duration
Description
__hssrc
session
This cookie is set by Hubspot whenever it changes the session cookie. The __hssrc cookie set to 1 indicates that the user has restarted the browser, and if the cookie does not exist, it is assumed to be a new session.
cookielawinfo-checkbox-advertisement
1 year
Set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin, this cookie is used to record the user consent for the cookies in the "Advertisement" category .
cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics
11 months
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".
cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional
11 months
The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".
cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary
11 months
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".
cookielawinfo-checkbox-others
11 months
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.
cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance
11 months
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".
csrftoken
1 year
This cookie is associated with Django web development platform for python. Used to help protect the website against Cross-Site Request Forgery attacks
viewed_cookie_policy
11 months
The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data.
Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
Cookie
Duration
Description
__cf_bm
30 minutes
This cookie, set by Cloudflare, is used to support Cloudflare Bot Management.
__hssc
30 minutes
HubSpot sets this cookie to keep track of sessions and to determine if HubSpot should increment the session number and timestamps in the __hstc cookie.
_auth
1 year
This cookie is set by Pinterest that collects statistical details to track the use of its services.
_pinterest_referrer
past
This cookie is set by Pinterest to track the use of its services.
_pinterest_sess
1 year
This cookie is set by Pinterest that collects statistical details to track the use of its services.
_routing_id
session
This cookie is set by Pinterest that collects statistical details to track the use of its services.
bcookie
2 years
LinkedIn sets this cookie from LinkedIn share buttons and ad tags to recognize browser ID.
lang
session
This cookie is used to store the language preferences of a user to serve up content in that stored language the next time user visit the website.
language
session
This cookie is used to store the language preference of the user.
lidc
1 day
LinkedIn sets the lidc cookie to facilitate data center selection.
sp_landing
1 day
The sp_landing is set by Spotify to implement audio content from Spotify on the website and also registers information on user interaction related to the audio content.
sp_t
1 year
The sp_t cookie is set by Spotify to implement audio content from Spotify on the website and also registers information on user interaction related to the audio content.
Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
Cookie
Duration
Description
__hstc
1 year 24 days
This is the main cookie set by Hubspot, for tracking visitors. It contains the domain, initial timestamp (first visit), last timestamp (last visit), current timestamp (this visit), and session number (increments for each subsequent session).
_ga
2 years
The _ga cookie, installed by Google Analytics, calculates visitor, session and campaign data and also keeps track of site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookie stores information anonymously and assigns a randomly generated number to recognize unique visitors.
_gat_gtag_UA_52355958_2
1 minute
This cookie is set by Google and is used to distinguish users.
_gcl_au
3 months
Provided by Google Tag Manager to experiment advertisement efficiency of websites using their services.
_gid
1 day
Installed by Google Analytics, _gid cookie stores information on how visitors use a website, while also creating an analytics report of the website's performance. Some of the data that are collected include the number of visitors, their source, and the pages they visit anonymously.
hubspotutk
1 year 24 days
This cookie is used by HubSpot to keep track of the visitors to the website. This cookie is passed to Hubspot on form submission and used when deduplicating contacts.
vuid
2 years
Vimeo installs this cookie to collect tracking information by setting a unique ID to embed videos to the website.
Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
Cookie
Duration
Description
_mkto_datetime
1 month
This cookie is set by Marketo.
bscookie
2 years
This cookie is a browser ID cookie set by Linked share Buttons and ad tags.
test_cookie
15 minutes
The test_cookie is set by doubleclick.net and is used to determine if the user's browser supports cookies.
Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
Sub-policy 22
https://www.thetradedesk.com/general/privacy:
Privacy and The Trade Desk Platform
This page is about the privacy practices on our Trade Desk Platform and the data, including personal data or personal information (“personal data”) it uses for delivering advertising. If you are interested in our corporate and website privacy policy,
click here
.
If you reside in the People’s Republic of China,
click here
for the China privacy policy.
Last updated: February 28, 2025
OVERVIEW
AT A GLANCE
FULL PRIVACY POLICY
THE PLATFORM
THE DATA THE PLATFORM COLLECTS AND PROCESSES
HOW THE PLATFORM COLLECTS DATA
COOKIES
THE PURPOSES FOR WHICH THE PLATFORM PROCESSES DATA
TARGETED ADVERTISING
PERSONALISATION AND INTERESTS
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY INFORMATION
DISCLOSURE AND TRANSFER
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
SECURITY AND DATA RETENTION
YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES
EUROPEAN UNION CONTROLLER/PROCESSOR DESIGNATION AND LEGAL BASES
CHANGES TO OUR POLICIES
CONTACT US
Overview
The Trade Desk offers what is known in the industry as a Demand Side Platform (“DSP” or “Platform”). We provide technology that helps advertisers and their advertising agencies manage digital advertising campaigns across many channels, such as websites, apps, audio, smart TVs, and other video. The advertising campaigns run by our clients help pay for the content you enjoy.
We, and our clients, collect and use data both to help ensure that the ads you see are relevant and to measure and report on their effectiveness.
Our Platform uses data to produce a mapping of devices that might be related to each other, meaning that they might be used by the same person or by people within the same household. This helps advertisers better target and measure their campaigns, as well as limiting the number of times the same person or household sees an ad.
Our references to our Platform in this policy only refer to the Trade Desk’s own advertising technology platform and do not include the technology or systems of clients or partners that use or integrate with us. Clients and partners are bound by our policies when they use our Platform.
The Trade Desk is a member in good standing of the
Network Advertising Initiative
(NAI). The Trade Desk also follows the industry self-regulatory guidelines of the
Digital Advertising Alliance
, the
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada
, and the
European Digital Advertising Alliance
.
The Trade Desk also implements and adheres to the specifications and policies of the IAB EU Transparency & Consent Framework as part of our compliance with EU data protection law. The Trade Desk’s identification number within the Framework is 21. See
https://iabeurope.eu/transparency-consent-framework/
for more information.
If you want to go directly to our
Opt Out
, please visit
http://www.adsrvr.org
.
At A Glance
Read below for a quick overview. See below for detailed information.
Who we are:
Global HQ: The Trade Desk, Inc. 42 N. Chestnut St Ventura, CA 93001 USA
EEA and Switzerland: The UK Trade Desk Ltd. 10th Floor, 1 Bartholomew Close London EC1A 7BL United Kingdom
What we do:
Advertising technology platform for managing digital advertising campaigns.
The data our Platform collects and processes:
Pseudonymous data such as:
unique cookie and device identifiers
mobile device advertising identifiers
Pseudonymous identifiers derived from email address or phone numbers, or device and connection information
IP addresses
web browsing history from advertising impressions we see
interest information inferred by us from web browsing history
interest information stored and/or used on the Platform by clients and partners
location information
browser and device type, version and settings
hashed email addresses, phone numbers and other identifying information (or information derived from such)
How the Platform collects data:
Some of the ways the Platform collects data include:
from partners sending us requests for ads on websites, mobile applications, smart televisions, video devices, and other media
using cookies and pixels
from clients and partners uploading data to our platform
from clients and partners using our technology to collect data
through the delivery of advertising
The purposes for which the Platform processes data:
The Platform processes data both on our behalf and on behalf of clients and partners for advertising purposes such as:
personalizing ads
delivering ads
limiting the number of times you see an ad
measuring effectiveness of ads
reporting on ad campaigns
maintaining ad transaction records
attributing purchases or other actions to ads
associating devices that might be related to each other
preventing malicious or invalid activity improving our Platform and the services we offer
Disclosure and transfer:
We disclose data to other parties such as:
clients and partners to help improve the effectiveness of their, and their clients’ advertising
service providers who perform certain services on our behalf
if we think it is required by law
In addition, much of the data collected on the Platform belongs to our clients and partners.
We may transfer data from the country of origin to the US or other countries. We do so under a valid legal framework.
We may also disclose personal data in response to lawful requests from public authorities, including to meet security or law enforcement requirements.
Security and Data Retention:
We maintain generally accepted security methods to protect data on the Platform.
We retain pseudonymous data up to 18 months before we aggregate it or remove pseudonymous identifers.
Your rights and choices:
You have rights and choices with respect to the personal data on the Platform. More detailed information is available below.
Full Privacy Policy
Below, we explain in detail the type of data we collect, how we collect it, how we use it, and how we disclose it, as well as the choices available to you. If, after reading this policy, you still have questions, please feel free to contact us.
THE PLATFORM
The Platform allows advertisers and advertising agencies to manage digital advertising campaigns. We operate as a Demand Side Platform; this means we represent the demand side of the digital advertising marketplace, in which advertisers and agencies with ads to display are the “demand” and publishers with space for such ads on web pages, apps, smart TVs and other digital properties are the “supply”.
Digital advertising uses identifiers and associated data to make ads more effective and to measure their effectiveness. Without identifiers, our advertiser clients wouldn’t know, for example, if a 100 ad views were the result of 100 different users that each saw an ad, or if one user saw the same ad 100 times. This information is crucial to advertisers. Without information like this, advertisers would pay publishers much less, forcing publishers to either show more ads or make users pay for their content.
Advertisers and their agencies collect and use data on the Platform in different ways. They may bring their own data to the Platform, collect data using the Platform, or remove their data from the Platform.
THE DATA THE PLATFORM COLLECTS AND PROCESSES
The Platform collects and processes pseudonymous data about users, households, devices, and ads and where they’re shown. This includes:
unique cookie identifiers
device advertising identifiers
Pseudonymous identifiers derived from email address or phone numbers, or device and connection information
IP addresses
Interest and demographic information stored and/or used on the Platform by clients and partners
Interest and demographic information we create or infer
other information about browsers and devices, such as type, version and settings
location information based on IP address or other types of information that may include precise geolocation information (i.e., latitude/longitude coordinates), if provided to us
information about ads that are shown, such as which ads are shown to a device or user, where (which web page or app) they are shown, and at what time
hashed email addresses and other identifying information (or information derived from such)
HOW THE PLATFORM COLLECTS DATA
The Platform receives data in several ways, including the following:
Advertisers and agencies may bring or collect their own information to our Platform (for example, that they collect on their own websites through the use of Platform technology) that we then store and use on their behalf to enhance their advertising campaigns.
Bid requests, which are sets of information that describe an ad space that is available to be filled. We get these requests from the “supply” side of the advertising ecosystem, meaning websites, apps, smart TVs, and others, as well as their agents. The requests contain information about the ad space, the device, and sometimes the user, including location information. They also usually have an ID (or IDs) that enables us to match the request with information we may already have.
Third-party suppliers of information used to target, optimize or measure advertising campaigns.
Purveyors of connected TV devices and apps can send us information about the video content viewed on the device or app.
Pixels and cookies, which allow us to recognize web browsers across sites and over time, and therefore to record information about them over time.
Mobile device IDs, which are made available through the device operating systems, like Apple’s iOS and Google’s Android, for purposes of allowing mobile apps and their advertising partners to recognize a device over time. We use these IDs in a similar way to the way we use cookies.
Mobile SDKs are bits of code that some of our partners enable to be placed in mobile apps. This enables our partners to send us data about the mobile app and device in association with the mobile device ID.
After an ad serves, our servers receive a network request from the device on which the ad was shown in order to confirm that the ad was delivered and provide information for us to measure the ad.
COOKIES
Cookies help us by enabling our ability to distinguish between, recognize, and store data about unique web browsers and devices, and to store data on our servers for the advertising purposes described here. Our cookie domain is adsrvr.org. The Trade Desk ID (TDID) is used to recognize web-browser profiles over time across sites. The TDID has a lifespan of 1 year from the time you last received an ad powered by Platform. This lifespan may be updated each time your browser encounters our Platform.
In order to be able to transmit requests for ads and other data about users or devices between sellers and buyers, and to help show you ads that match your likely interests, we engage in cookie syncing, meaning that we match our TDID to clients’ and partners’ cookie IDs. We also use a cookie to store a related opt-out choice, when users opt out of cookie based targeted advertising.
THE PURPOSES FOR WHICH THE PLATFORM PROCESSES DATA
The Platform processes data both on our own behalf and on behalf of clients and partners for purposes related to targeting, delivering, measuring and reporting on advertising.
Personalizing ads: We use data to increase advertising relevancy and effectiveness.
Ad delivery: We use data to enable the technical delivery of an ad and measure success of delivery.
Frequency and other reporting: We use a pseudonymous identifier to keep track of how many times an ad was shown, as well as where and when.
Measurement and analytics: We use an identifier to measure how well ads perform, such as whether users clicked on the ad or went to a client’s store after their ad campaign was shown.
Reporting: We may use a pseudonymous identifier to measure, attribute, and report on the performance and success of campaigns. This includes transaction reporting and verification.
Clicks and conversions: We may use a pseudonymous identifier to measure actions taken by a user with respect to a particular ad, i.e., a click on an ad, or a download of an app.
Attribution: We may use data to match particular ad views to subsequent actions taken by a user. For example, a clothing advertiser might be able to see that someone who saw an ad for gloves subsequently purchased the gloves. This would be done by stitching together the identifiers from the sites where the ad was served and where the online purchase was made.
Cross device graphing: We may use data and algorithms to associate pseudonymous identifiers that might be related to each other. Such a graph might link various identifiers present on a single device, various identifiers associated with an individual who has multiple devices or multiple device/individuals within the same household.
Detection of malicious or invalid activity: We process information in an attempt to prevent malicious activity or invalid ad traffic. This may include identifying and preventing purveyors of malware or bots that try to take advertising dollars for ads that aren’t shown to real users or that try to harm users’ devices.
TARGETED ADVERTISING
Our Platform helps power ad targeting and delivery across many sites and apps with which users interact every day. Many of the activities described in the section above, such as personalizing ads, ad delivery, and cross-device graphing may involve The Trade Desk and our clients and partners processing data for purposes of “targeted advertising,” or engaging “sales,” or “sharing” of personal data under certain state privacy laws. See
Your Rights and Choices
below to learn how to express a choice related to these activities, or visit our
opt-out page
.
PERSONALISATION AND INTERESTS
Personalised profiles.
As part of our Platform, we may create and use user profiles associated with pseudonymous identifiers. This means that we look at the information associated with the IDs and with the requests for ads, such as the content in which the ad is shown, the time, the geographic location, and the type of device. Sometimes we use information about whether or how users responded to ads to find other users who would respond to ads. We apply various computational methods on this information to find groupings of IDs that may have certain common interests or characteristics, such as “clothing,” “sports,” “travel,” “male,” “25-54,” and so on. Our Platform also enables data suppliers to bring data to the Platform that our clients can use on the Platform to improve their ad campaigns.
Clients can bring their own data to the Platform for their own personalisation. Their sources and methods for acquiring this data vary and are subject to our clients’ own policies and legal obligations. We contractually prohibit certain types of data from being introduced onto the Platform, such as certain sensitive data. Our contracts prohibit clients and partners from using data on the Platform that is from or about users that they know are children.
Interests for groups.
We also create and use information that allows advertisers to understand what will be of interest to a group. We create a group of IP addresses in the same region of a country. We note what content we think is likely to be of interest to that group (as above, such as “clothing”, “sports” etc.) based on the sites users in those groups have visited. Advertisers may use this information to decide to show an ad to one of the IP addresses for the group. Identifiers for the group do not contain any personal data: the information only shows the types of content likely to be of interest to the group; we don’t create any individual profiles through this interest grouping mechanism. We keep these interests for groups segments for seven days.
DISCLOSURE AND TRANSFER
We will disclose your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this policy.
Some of the personal data processed on the Platform belongs to our clients. When this is the case, our clients can take this data, such as records of advertising impressions, off of the Platform. We also may disclose this personal data to other parties on the clients’ behalf and pursuant to their instructions.
We disclose mappings of pseudonymous IDs with clients and partners that use our device graphs.
We disclose cookie values to other advertising technology platforms so that they may match their value to our value.
Some of our clients and partners receive bid request data through the Platform for advertising purposes.
We may disclose personal data in order to investigate or prevent reasonably suspected malicious activity, fake traffic, or other activity that may be harmful to us or our clients.
We may disclose personal data to our service providers that store or process the personal data in furtherance of the services we offer on the Platform on our behalf.
We may transfer personal data to a successor entity in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, sale of assets, bankruptcy, or other corporate change.
We may disclose aggregated data that does not include individual-level records to any party or publicly.
We may disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
We transfer data to the US under valid transfer mechanisms:
TTD has certified its participation in the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks (DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce, and is committed to adhering to DPF principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from the EU in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) under the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. TTD is committed to adhering to Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland under the Swiss-U.S. DPF. TTD is responsible for ensuring that onward transfers to third parties acting as an agent on its behalf are in accordance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, including the onward transfer liability provisions. To learn more about the DPF program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
If deemed necessary under applicable data protection legislation, the standard contractual clauses for data transfers, as approved by the European Commission Implementing Decision (EU) 2021/914 of 4 June 2021 for the transfer of Personal Data to third countries.
If there is any conflict between the terms in this policy and such mechanisms, the terms of the transfer mechanism shall govern.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, TTD commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF submitted to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://feedback-form.trustarc.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of TRUSTe are provided at no cost to you.
For complaints regarding EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/ANNEX-I-introduction-dpf?tabset-35584=2
. The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over TTD’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
SECURITY AND DATA RETENTION
We retain the pseudonymous data that the Platform collects for up to 18 months. After 18 months (often sooner) the data is de-identified or aggregated and stored for up to 3 additional years. For interests for groups, we retain data for 7 days. This retention policy does not apply to client or partner data. We have implemented security measures, including physical, electronic and administrative safeguards, designed to prevent the unauthorized access to, loss, misuse, or alteration of the information that our Platform collects, but we make no assurances in this policy about our ability to prevent any such event or the possible harm to you or any third party that could arise from it.
YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES
Privacy rights.
Depending upon where you live, you may have certain legal rights with respect to personal data The Trade Desk collects and processes. These rights may include the right to request “access,” “deletion,” and “correction” of personal data, and the right to opt out of activities that constitute “sales,” “sharing,” and processing personal data for purposes of “targeted advertising,” as well as use of “sensitive data” for advertising purposes, as such terms are defined under applicable privacy laws. These rights may be limited, for example if fulfilling your request would reveal personal data about another person or infringe the rights of a third party (including our rights) or if you ask us to delete information that we are required by law to keep or have compelling legitimate interest in keeping. We will inform you of relevant exemptions we rely upon when responding to any request you make. We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your rights under applicable law.
Opting out of sales, sharing and targeted advertising.
As described in the
Targeted Advertising
section above, we process data to personalize and deliver ads, and for other ads-related purposes, including measurement reporting, and building our cross-device graph. Some of these activities may be considered “sales” or “sharing” of your personal information or using your information for purposes of “targeted advertising” under the law that applies to you. You may express a choice related to these activities including use of sensitive data for such purposes, by visiting
http://www.adsrvr.org
or by enabling Global Privacy Control in your browser. Your devices like CTVs and Mobile Devices may offer choice signaling from the device’s operating system. Where we receive these signals, TTD will opt the user out of sales, sharing and targeted advertising.
Industry opt-out pages.
The online advertising industry provides websites from which you may set a third party cookie indicating your desire to opt out of interest-based advertising from the Trade Desk and other companies that participate in industry self-regulatory programs. The US-based opt out pages are
www.aboutads.info/choices
and
www.networkadvertising.org/choices
. The European based page is
www.youronlinechoices.com
. In Canada, use
youradchoices.ca/choices
.
For mobile apps.
Most mobile devices provide the ability to set the device’s advertising ID to an opt out value through the device settings. To learn how to use the mobile app opt out, consult your device instructions. To find information on Opting out on Mobile Devices please visit
http://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choice
. Where TTD receives such an indication, we will treat the request as opted out.
For Internet Connected TVs.
Many connected TVs and related devices offer a choice mechanism similar to those offered by mobile devices. When received the Trade Desk will honor these signals. To find out more, including device specific instructions, please visit
https://www.networkadvertising.org/internet-connected-tv-choices/
.
Access, Correction, and Deletion.
If you reside in a state, country or region that provides individuals with the rights to access, correct, or delete your personal data, please fill out this
webform
to exercise your rights. We may take reasonable steps to confirm your identity.
If we deny your request, you may appeal our decision by following the instructions provided in the denial email. Depending upon where you live, if you have concerns about the results of an appeal, you may contact the attorney general in the state where you reside. You will not be discriminated against for the exercise of such rights. For further information relevant to California residents, please
click here
.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY INFORMATION
The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) requires us to explain some information using definitions and categories set out under the CCPA. If you are a California resident, this section applies to you.
Additional Disclosures.
We collect, and in the preceding 12 months we have collected, the following categories of personal data: identifiers (such as cookie identifiers, mobile device advertising identifiers, pseudonymous identifiers derived from email address or phone numbers, IP address, or hashed email address), Internet or other electronic network activity information (such as information about sites you visit), geolocation data (which may include precise geolocation information), inferences we may make about your interests (such as the personalised profiles described
above
), and data that may reveal demographic information or inferences about gender, race, ethnicity, religion, health, or sex life or sexual orientation. For more information about the precise data points we collect and the sources of such collection, please see the
Collection of Information
and
Personalisation and Interests
sections above. We collect personal data for the business and commercial purposes described in the Use of Information section above.
In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for business purposes to the following categories of recipients:
Category of Personal Data
We collect…
Uses
We use personal data to…
Recipients
We may disclose personal data to…
Identifiers
, such IP addresses, unique cookie identifiers, mobile device advertising identifiers, interest information stored and/or used on the platform by clients and partners, hashed email addresses and phone numbers
Internet and Electronic Network Information
, such as information about browsers and devices, such as type, version, and settings, information about ads that are shown, such as which ads are shown to a device or user, where (which device or app) they are shown, and at what time, information about your visits to our clients’ websites or other online services.
Location information
, including based on IP address or other types of information that may include precise geolocation information.
Inferences
we make based on other information, such as predictions about ad performance
Demographic information
, such inferences or information about your gender, race, religion, health, sex life or sexual orientation (some of which may constitute “sensitive” information under the CCPA).
Provide our Services,
including on our behalf and on behalf of clients and partners for purposes related to targeting, delivering, measuring, and reporting on advertising, including to technically deliver an ad and measure success of delivery.
To measure and report ad performance
, such as to technically deliver an ad and measure success of delivery, keep track of how many times an ad was shown, as well as where and when, measure how well ads perform, such as whether someone who saw an ad later made a purchase, attribute and report on the performance and success of campaigns
Improve our Services
, such as to increase advertising relevancy and effectiveness and predict ad performance and to associate devices that might be related to each other, such as devices used by the same person or in the same household.
For safety anti-fraud purposes
, such as to prevent malicious activity or invalid ad traffic.
Our clients
, where we hold or collect personal information on their behalf. We also share information with other parties at the direction of our clients.
Our vendors
, including with our service providers, contractors and consultants that access, store, or process data on our behalf.
O
ther Parties
, including parties that use our cross-device graph
Protect safety and combat fraud
, including to investigate or prevent reasonably suspected malicious activity and if we believe your actions are inconsistent with our user agreements or policies, that you have violated the law, or if we believe it is necessary to protect the rights, property, and safety of The Trade Desk, our users, the public, or others
For business reasons
, including in connection with, or during negotiations concerning, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company and between and among the Trade Desk and our current and future parents, affiliates, and subsidiaries and other companies under common control and ownership.
To legal authorities
, if we believe that disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law or legal process, including lawful requests by public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
At your direction
.
The Trade Desk does not sell personal data related to individuals it knows to be minors under the age of sixteen (16).
Privacy Rights
. You have the right to opt out of any sharing or sales of your personal information, to limit use of sensitive personal information for advertising purposes, and to request access to and deletion or correction of your personal information. Please see the Your Rights and Choices section above for more information about your privacy rights and how to exercise them. If you exercise your rights, we may require you to provide evidence that the data relates to you (and only to you) and may deny your request if you cannot provide such information. You may also designate an authorized agent to make such requests on your behalf, as permitted under CCPA. If you do so, we will require the agent to provide proof that they are acting on your behalf, and we may ask you to verify your identity and to confirm that you provided the agent with permission to submit the request on your behalf. You will not be discriminated against for the exercise of such rights. Please note that if you wish to exercise any of your rights with the Trade Desk’s clients or partners, you must make your request directly with those clients and partners.
Annual Data Requests
. You can learn about the consumer data requests we received over the previous calendar year at this
web page
.
EUROPEAN UNION CONTROLLER/PROCESSOR DESIGNATION AND LEGAL BASES
If you are based in the European Economic Area (EEA), the United Kingdom or Switzerland, The UK Trade Desk Ltd. is responsible for processing your personal data. Under the definitions of “Controller” and “Processor” in EU law, this processing is in some cases as a Controller of personal data and in some cases as a Processor. The Trade Desk is a Controller, for example, of personalised user interest segments that we create for our Platform, when we have appropriate permissions to do so.
When we collect personal data for personalisation from requests for ads that we receive as described above, under EU law, we will use consent as our legal basis for doing so. When we create identifiers for interests for groups, we use consent or legitimate interest as our legal basis. This depends on how we collect the personal data. We process personal data for other purposes when we have a legitimate interest in doing so and that interest is not outweighed by the rights or freedoms of individual data subjects.
CHANGES TO OUR POLICIES
We may revise this policy at any time, and we will indicate revisions by updating the date at the top of this policy and providing notice through our websites or services.
CONTACT US
To exercise applicable privacy rights, please follow the instructions described in the Your Rights and Choices section above. For general questions regarding our privacy practices, you may contact us either by regular mail or email as follows:
Mail
: The Trade Desk, Global Privacy Office
Attention: Global Data Protection Officer (DPO)
42 N. Chestnut St.
Ventura, CA 93001
Email
: << dpo ((at)) thetradedesk ((dot)) com >>
<<End of Policy>>
Sub-policy 23
https://unruly.co/privacy/:
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Last Updated January 31, 2024
We, at the Nexxen (“
Company
”, “
we
”, “
us
” or “
our
”), understand that your privacy is important to you. This privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, use, and disclose information collected through our web-based, connected-TV and other services.
If you have any questions, please contact us at privacyrights@nexxen.com.
1. The Company and our Services
The Company operates several platforms and services that comprise our “Services.”
As further described below, through our Services, we work with websites, web services, content publishers, mobile applications, and various platforms (such as connected TVs, aka “CTV” platforms) that provide services for those types of organizations to help them display personalized and more engaging ads on their properties. In many cases, providing personalized ads help businesses of all sizes (including small and mid-sized businesses) to get their name out, and help website operators, content publishers, app developers and platform owners to subsidize the cost of their content – often, allowing them to provide consumers with some or all of their content for free.  We also work with advertisers (and their service providers) – brands, retailers, entertainment companies, non-profits and others – to help them advertise in a way that is efficient and relevant to both them and the consumer.   We use data in a variety of ways to help support these businesses, and likewise provide a variety of ways for consumers to control how data is used to market to them.  The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to explain what that data is, how it is used, and what those choices are.
2. The Information We Collect and Use in Providing Our Services
We help advertisers and publishers provide more relevant content and targeted advertising by collecting certain information about you, including when you interact with our Services.  This may include your interactions with our customers, which include:
(a) advertisers and other ad partners (collectively, “
Advertisers
”) to show you ads that we think may interest you, on our Services and on other companies’ websites, apps, and devices; and
(b) publishers, app developers and other customers who CTVs, web and mobile apps or other online services (collectively, “
Publishers
”).
In this Privacy Policy, when we use the term “
Customers
”, we are referring to both Advertisers and Publishers, as described above.
Sometimes we work with other marketing or advertising services, demand partners, service providers or data platforms who provide certain services (such as measurement and analytics solutions) to us as well as Customers; we refer to these companies as “
Partners
.”
We (or our Customers or Partners) may provide relevant content and targeted advertising to consumers by using automated technologies such as cookies, including non-HTTP cookies, pixel tags, mobile identifiers and SDKs, each of which we describe below, and in
Section 3
below titled, “Cookies, Pixel Tags, SDKs and Similar Technologies”.   These technologies often generate or collect unique identifiers, such as cookie IDs or mobile advertising IDs.
We describe below these and other categories of information that we receive from consumers’ operating systems, browsers and devices, as well as from Customers, Partners, advertising platforms and networks, and data resellers. Some companies may fit into more than one such category. We have tried to describe the information that we collect or receive in a way that is easy to understand:
a. Information that you provide to us directly
We collect certain information that you provide to us, including your contact and other information – for example, when you visit our site or when you contact us.
You may also interact with and provide information to us in other ways, including but not limited to when you complete a survey, enter a contest, giveaway, or sweepstakes, connect with us at a tradeshow, or choose to hear from us or participate in our marketing or promotion campaigns. When you do so, we collect the information you provide to us.
If you submit to us a request to access or delete your information, we will collect your contact information and other information, as needed, to respond to your request.
b. Identifiers automatically collected from website and app sources,whether directly or through other content and information platforms, including:
Online cookie IDs;
Mobile advertising identifiers (e.g., IDFAs, Ad IDs) and other mobile device or browser identifiers;
IP addresses;
Wi-Fi access points;
Product model numbers;
Chipset IDs; and
Identifiers related to the device used, such as CTVs (e.g. name of device and any “friendly name” assigned by you to the device)
We refer to all of the above as “IDs.“
c. Online usage information or “log” information
We collect data about your interactions with our site and the Services. Such data is generally related to the above IDs and include:
Language and region settings;
Data related to or describing a web browser, operating system, and device, such as the name and version of your browser, as well as hardware and software version of the app;
Connection data, including current IP address, from which location may be inferred;
Online usage data including websites visited, websites visited prior to a web visit, date/time stamp;
Information related to interactions with ads and marketing, such as consumer engagement with an ad (i.e. ads that you view and click);
Information related to interactions with websites, such as whether a consumer was “referred” through another website or a shared link;
TV viewership data (including information about the content and programs viewed, and amount of time spent viewing Smart TV content, as further described in this Section 2 on “Viewing Data” below); and
We may link any of the above to our own or our Partners’ and Customers’ IDs.
We receive the above information from Customers and Partners, advertising platforms and networks, and data resellers.
d. Demographic and Interest-Based Information
We may collect, use, or create “audience segments” (also referred to as “data segments), which are generally used to tailor advertising and marketing to consumers and to analyze consumer interaction with such ads.  Audience segments are interest-based or demographic-based groupings of large numbers of users, generally in aggregated form, tied to the above IDs.  For instance, an inference that Ad ID X35%979J is interested is “Sports” might be drawn from the fact that the browser often views sports-related content.  Or, an inference that Cookie ID 4Qj7e9!x may be interested in a new car may be drawn from the corresponding browsers frequent search of new automobile reviews. Actual IDs are generally much longer strings of code; the above are simply used for illustration.
Sometimes these inferences are made from “offline data” that is coded and linked to cookies and IDs (and further linked to our own cookies and IDs) by Partners that create “hashed” (coded) values to replace “real-world” identifiers such as email addresses.
Sometimes these inferences are made from demographic information (“protected classifications” for purposes of the California Consumer Privacy Act).
Sometimes, these audience segments are associated with the likelihood to have a particular health condition. A list of our standard health segments is
here
. (We endeavor to update the list frequently, but the list may not be current to the precise date.)   In addition, we may sometimes create “custom” health-related segments, or work with Customers or Partners who use such segments.  Those “custom” segments change over time, but a representative sample is included. Note that such information is only collected/processed at an aggregate level and solely in the U.S. and Canada.
e. Transactional information from our Customers
Our Customers may provide us with their own proprietary or licensed information, including “audience segments” described above, to help us better perform or deliver our Services.
f. Geolocation Information
The mobile information we collect or receive from our Partners and Customers also may include geolocation information, that may help us or our Customers to target ads or tailor content to your location. For instance, if we believe that you are often near a particular store in Northern New Jersey, we might send you an ad targeted to that store, rather than another store in the general area.
g. Viewing Data
We provide advertising services to certain Smart TV and connected devices (like Hisense and VIDAA Smart TVs), which, like many CTVs, are equipped with Automatic Content Recognition (“ACR”) functionality that (when enabled) allow us to collect certain information from the device in order to provide personalized advertising and measurement based on the programming  or ads watched on those devices and other devices connected to the same IP address.
What is Viewing Data?
When enabled on the Smart TV device, we will use audio-based ACR technology to collect information about the programming content (e.g. TV channels and shows, movies, and advertisements watched) playing on the device, including content from any media players, gaming consoles, over-the-air broadcast, or other audiovisual sources playing through the Smart TV. We call this information the “
Viewing Data
” and this also includes information such as timestamp, IP address, and Smart TV device identifier.
The ACR technology captures a “fingerprint” from the Smart TV, and the fingerprint is mapped against a content repository and ad catalog to identify what was played through the TV. Content or ad ID, IP address, device ID, and other metadata are appended to the audio fingerprint. These identifiers are ingested into the Company’s platform and mapped to a Household ID, and then aggregated with other data sources.  The ACR process will associate the data collected with the device’s IP address, but otherwise does not utilize directly identifiable personal information for the purposes of personalized advertising or measurement.
For example, we may collect TV viewing information such as the programs, commercials, and channels you view, the date, time and duration of the viewing. It may also include information about the TV or display, including IP address and SmartTV device ID.
How is Viewing Data used and shared?
To create audience segments: We use Viewing Data, such as the content, programs or ads watched on your Smart TV, to include you and your household in relevant audience segments for interest-based advertising, as described below. A segment is a grouping of consumer profiles by one or more attributes (e.g. food fans, sports enthusiasts, sitcom fans, etc.). Individuals are identified by a digital identifier (like an IP address) in these segments but are not identifiable by name or other personal information that directly reveals their identity. We also share these audience segments with our Partners for their own purposes, including to enable their interest-based advertising activities.
Targeting Personalized Ads: We use Viewing Data to help us, and our Partners, target and show you personalized ads that we think may interest you or other members of your household (a practice known as “interest-based advertising“) across your devices, based on the audience segments created from your Viewing Data (as described above). These ads may be shown to you on your Smart TV or other linked devices sharing the same IP address.
Audience Measurement: We use Viewing Data to generate measurement reports to help us and our Partners understand the effectiveness of ad campaigns, including the audience that saw their ads and how they responded.  We collect information such as the creative and placement ID, IP address, and whether you viewed or interacted with an ad.
Linking devices for household targeting: With the assistance of our third-party service providers, we use the IP address collected from your Smart TV to identify “households” (a group of linked devices sharing the same IP address broadcast by a modem). This allows us and our Partners to deliver personalized advertising to you and other members of your household across various devices (such as mobile phones and tablets) and browsers based on audience segments associated with your household. If you do not enable, or if you otherwise opt-out of personalized advertising on your Smart TV, we will no longer collect and use your Smart TV IP address to identify your household for personalized advertising purposes. However, once you opt out of personalized advertising, you may continue to see personalized advertising on devices that were previously targeted based on Viewing Data that was shared when personalized advertising was still enabled on your Smart TV, prior to the opt-out.
Our Partners: More information about each of our Partners and how they may use data about you and your household is available at:
https://nexxen.com/acr-data-partners
How can I turn OFF or ON the Viewing Data (ACR) feature?
The option to enable ACR (and related functionality) is presented during the initial setup of the Smart TV and can also be accessed at any time via the Settings of the Smart TV. You can disable ACR (and related functionality) at any time via the Settings of the Smart TV. Turning the Viewing Data feature off or on will affect only the Smart TV where you have made that selection. Please refer to the device’s Privacy Notice and the Enhanced Viewing Service Privacy Notice of your Smart TV for more information on Viewing Data and your choices.
h. Further Description of Technologies
For additional explanation of the technologies through which IDs and other data are collected, please see
Section 3
further below regarding cookies, pixel tags and SDKs.  We may use cookies, pixel tags, SDKs and similar technologies to collect the above information, or to associate certain types of information with each other.
i. Information collected from other sources
We also may obtain other behavioral and demographic data from trusted third-party data sources. We may use this data to draw inferences about your preferences, choices, and interests to provide you with customized ads about products and services tailored to your individual interests. We may collect and combine information about your online activities over time and across devices, apps, websites and online services to provide you with customized ads.
3. Cookies, Pixel Tags, SDKs and Similar Technologies
The Company (along with our Partners and Customers) uses a variety of technology to collection information.  These are listed and described below.
a. Pixels
A tracking “pixel” is a transparent graphic image (usually a 1 x 1 pixel) that is placed on a web page and allows for the collection of information regarding the use of the web page that contains the tracking pixel. The Company collects technical and usage information through the use of tracking pixels.
b. Cookies
A “cookie” is a string of stored code used by a website to send some data to a user’s device.  Depending on the settings of the device or web browser this data may be stored on the user’s device so that the device can later return that data to the same website.  Cookies can be used with online services, such as websites, email deliveries or advertising technologies, to recognize an Internet or mobile-connected device that they have encountered before.  We use cookies to, among other things, “remember” you, track user trends, and collect information about how you use Customer’s sites or interact with the advertising we (or others) deliver on their behalf. We likewise use cookies to provide relevant content to you and replace non-relevant ads with ads that better match your interests. We also use cookies when you visit our site.
c. Mobile Device Identifiers and SDKs
We also sometimes use, or partner with, Publishers or Publisher-facing and app developer platforms that use mobile SDKs to collect information, such as mobile identifiers (e.g., IDFAs and Android Advertising IDs), and information connected to how mobile devices interact with our Services and those using our Services.  A mobile SDK is the mobile app version of a pixel tag or beacon (see “Pixels,” above).  The SDK is a bit of computer code that app developers can include in their apps to enable ads to be shown, data to be collected, and related services to be implemented.  We may use this technology to deliver certain advertising through mobile applications and browsers based on information associated with your mobile device. If you’d like to opt-out from having ads tailored to you in this way on your mobile device, please follow the instructions in Section 6 (“
Your Choices
”) below.
d. Third Party Suppliers and Vendors
The Company works with third party technology or service providers that provide us with hosting, serving, general campaign or site analytics, ad serving data, or demographic and other audience data about the use and viewership of our Customers’ advertising, or websites that display such advertising. Such third-party providers may utilize pixels, cookies, flash cookies, web beacons and/or similar technologies that may be activated when our advertising Customers’ advertisement is encountered on a Publisher. In all instances where the use, collection and disclosure of information is by one of these third-party providers, their privacy policies governs and this Privacy Policy does not apply.
e.
Disabling Cookies
Most Web browsers are set up to accept cookies. You may be able to set your browser to warn you before accepting certain cookies or to refuse certain cookies. However, if you disable the use of cookies in your web browser, some features of our Services may be difficult to use or inoperable.  In addition, we may use (or work with certain third-party companies that use) techniques other than or in addition to HTTP cookies to recognize your computer or device and/or to collect and record information about your web surfing activity, including those integrated with our Services.  These technologies may rely on the collection and analysis of “non-cookie” information from your browser or device, such as your operating system, plug-ins, system fonts, resolution, and other data, for purposes of creating a unique profile or “fingerprint” of your browser or device.    We (or other third parties) may use this profile to understand and analyze how you interact with the Services, to customize content or advertising to you through the Services, to monitor against fraud or misuse of the Services, or in other ways consistent with this Privacy Policy.  Please note that your web browser may not permit you to block the use of these techniques, and those browser settings that block conventional cookies may have no effect on such techniques.
4. The Business Purposes For Which We Use and Share the Information We Collect
a. Our Purposes Generally
Principally, we use the information described in
Section 2
to operate, provide, develop and improve our Services.   This involves facilitating various types of advertising and marketing to make them more effective, more relevant, and more likely to engage and interest consumers.
b. Personalized Advertising
This includes facilitating and providing behavioral advertising, i.e., tailoring advertising and content using the types of “audience segments” or “data segments” (and other, related types of information) we describe in
Section 2
above.   As we also describe in
Section 2
, these audience segments may be based on your activity across multiple websites or mobile apps over time, on your transactions, on your location, or on coded or “hashed” data derived from offline demographic and interest data.  Generally, the tailoring of ads to devices and browsers (and sometimes through other channels) based on this type of data is called “interest-based” or “personalized” advertising. Please go to
Section 6
to learn about what choices you have to control how you are marketed to in this way.
c.
Other Advertising and Analytics Purposes
We also use the information to analyze, measure the effectiveness of, frequency-cap or sequence advertising.   For instance, we may use the information we collect to compare how many “clicks” the recipients of one ad campaign receive vs. a different ad campaign.  Or, we may track which users have seen which ads, to avoid a user being shown the same ad repeatedly.
d. Syncing Identifiers
We sometimes integrate our information with Partners, to allow Advertisers to access our information across other platforms (and their information across our platform), in order to allow Advertisers to reach more consumers across various channels.  This may include online, offline, social media or television advertising.
e.
Identity Graphing
We may also create or help our Customers or Partners to create “identity” graphs, to help locate users across various channels, such as based on common personal, device-based, or network-based identifiers (e.g., IP address).
f.
Statistical information
We may use statistical information about you or your devices such as generalized location and estimated age group. We obtain this statistical information from commercially available sources (as permitted by law) such as our third-party service providers. We only work with third-party service providers who ensure that this information has been obtained in accordance with applicable law and can be provided to us for use and disclosure.
g. Other Business Purposes
We also may also use the information we collect for internal research, internal operations, auditing, detecting and preventing security incidents, anti-fraud purposes, debugging, short-term and transient use, quality control, and legal compliance.
5. Why And With Whom We Share the Information We Collect
a. To Provide our Services
Generally, we share the information that we collect in order to perform our Services, including for purposes of targeting advertising, performing analytics on ads, and measuring ad performance.
We share the information we collect with our Customers, who are a wide range of businesses, retailers, content publishers, non-profit entities, business-to-business service companies and other consumer brands, as well as their ad agencies and service providers.
We also share information with our Partners and other companies that provide services to us. For example, we use email or other contact information to resolve Customer support inquiries, and IP address and advertising identifiers with service providers.
We may share personal information we collect with our service providers, which may include providers involved in tech or customer support, operations, web or data hosting, billing, accounting, security, marketing, data management, validation, enhancement or hygiene, or otherwise assisting us to provide, develop, maintain and improve our Services.
b. For Legal Purposes
We may share any information we have with third parties in order to: (a) comply with legal process or a regulatory investigation (e.g. a subpoena or court order); (b) enforce our Terms of Service, this Privacy Policy, or other contracts, or to investigate potential violations thereof; (c) protect the rights, property or personal safety of us, our platform, our Customers, our agents and affiliates, our users and/or the public.  We likewise may provide information to other companies and organizations (including law enforcement) for fraud protection, spam/malware prevention, and similar purposes.
c.
In the Event of a Corporate Transaction
We may also share personal information in the event of a corporate transaction, including, for example, a merger, investment, acquisition, reorganization, consolidation, bankruptcy, liquidation, or sale of some or all of our assets, or for purposes of due diligence connected with any such transaction.
d.
With Corporate Affiliates
We share information within the Nexxen Group in order to operate our site and Services, perform data analytics, design and execute advertising and marketing campaigns, conduct product management, and/or engineer or improve and develop new products or services.
e.
With Partners
We share information collected, including IP address and advertising identifiers, with Partners to assist in our advertising and marketing efforts and show ads that may interest you. The Advertisers we use (including their service providers) may rely on pixel tags and similar technologies to collect information from or about you to tailor advertisements, measure advertising effectiveness, and enable other enhancements. We may also compile and provide reports, including in aggregated or de-identified forms, to Advertisers about the reach, viewership and effectiveness of their campaigns. We use information to help our Customers to reach the desired audience and improve their ad campaigns.
Summary Analytics and Reports. We may, with our Customers and Partners, analyze Viewing Data to create summary reports to help deliver relevant information and advertising to interested groups of consumers.  These summary reports are built from automated analysis of data elements, without connecting the information to any known natural person.  For example, a Customer who is an Advertiser may want to measure the effectiveness of their promotions in the aggregate.  Thus, a Partner may identify another device that shares an IP address or display and analyze: (a) whether a particular website was viewed or commercial location was visited by a device with location tracking enabled (e.g., a smartphone) after a related promotion was viewed, and (b) whether a particular program was viewed following exposure to a promotion for that program.  In addition, some Partners may use a third-party data aggregator to identify demographic or other attributes or traits (such as gender or age range or income range or behavioral data) associated with the IP addresses collected, and then send to Customers the demographic information associated with those addresses.
Personalized Advertisements. As further described in Section 2 above, audience segments may be shared with Customers and Partners for the purpose of targeting and tailoring the advertising you see on certain Smart TV and connected devices, including other devices associated with your IP address or device ID on the basis of Viewing Data. Viewing Data may also be enhanced with household demographic data and data about digital actions (e.g., digital purchases, location, and other consumer behavior taken by devices associated with the IP address collected) for the purpose of delivering relevant advertising that are likely to be useful or timely.
We may work with Google to deliver advertising opportunities to its clients. You can consult
Google’s policies
to learn more about Google’s processing policies.
f.
With advertising measurement providers and services
We share information collected, including IP address and advertising identifiers, with Partners and their service providers in order to help us and our Advertisers understand information about the content and ads viewed, and the effectiveness of ad campaigns, including the audience that saw their ads, how they engaged or responded, determine which programs are most popular, how many people watch a program to its conclusion, and whether and how often people watch commercials.
The measurement providers we use collect or receive information about your viewing of or interaction with content and ads, including ads that you view on your Smart TV and ads you view on other websites, mobile apps, and connected devices (including Smart TVs) to which we provide advertising services. We also share demographics data and audience segments (e.g., food fans, sport enthusiasts, sitcom fans, etc.) with advertising measurement providers and their service providers. Viewing Data may also be combined with other demographic and similar information, including by working with data aggregators.
Measurement providers use such information to create statistics about what content and ads are being watched – for example, to help them and their clients understand the audience viewing the content or ads, and to measure the effectiveness of the ads.
Through our advertising services, we provide measurement and analytics solutions to other companies. In providing these services, we analyze and reorganize ad campaign data from these companies and provide analytics reports to help them better understand the audience that viewed the company’s ads and whether those viewers belong to the same household.
6. Your Choices: How To Opt-Out of Tracking (Interest-Based Advertising) on Web Browsers and Mobile Devices
a
.
Opting Out of Interest-Based Advertising
We follow the Digital Advertising Alliance industry privacy standards for online behavioral advertising. To learn more about the program and its principles, visit the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA). We are a member of, and adhere to, the industry standards of the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC). To learn more about the program please visit the
DAAC
.”We are a member of, and adhere to, the self-regulatory principles of the
European Digital Advertising Alliance
(EDAA). To learn more about interest-based advertising or to opt-out of this type of interest-based advertising by those third parties that are members of DAA’s opt-out program, please go to
https://www.aboutads.info/.
We are a member of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI), an association dedicated to responsible data collection use in digital advertising.  To learn more about the NAI and its members, or to opt out of interest-based advertising facilitated by NAI members, visit
http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1.
You may also opt out of our own interest-based advertising on those same web pages, or you can simply visit our
Opt-Out Page
.
We make no representation about the accuracy or effectiveness of other providers opt out mechanisms, including those listed on the above industry websites.
You can also opt-out of targeted advertising based on data collected via your browser by using  (i) the DAA’s opt-out tool, which can be found
here
; (ii) the DAAC’s opt-out tool, which can be found
here
; or (iii) the EDAA’s opt-out tool, which can be found
here
.
You may always opt out of our targeted advertisements by clicking on the opt-out button on the relevant device. Such opt-out will affect only the device where you have made that selection. After you opt out, we will no longer collect this information to deliver targeted ads on such device. Ads may continue to be served based on information available in the Internet environment, such as the content of a web page, browser type, time of day and operating system. If you have opted out of our advertising cookies and other similar tracking technologies on a device and subsequently delete the “opt out” cookie from your browser on such device, change your browser, or buy a new computer/device, you will need to repeat this process and opt out again. When you opt out, we will stop (a) collecting information about your interests via your browser and (b) serving you targeted advertising based on the data collected via your browser. We will subsequently place a piece of data in your browser’s cookie that tells us that you have opted out – it does not contain any data about you except for the fact that you have opted out. We need this cookie in place so that we know not to collect information about your interests and serve you targeted advertising based on your interests in the future.  Our “opt-out” cookie has a 13-month expiration date.
Anyone who has provided personal contact information through our site may e-mail us at privacyrights@nexxen.com to update, delete, and/or correct their personal information.
b.
In-App Data Opt-Out
You may opt out of the continued collection of mobile app interest-based advertising through your mobile device settings, as applicable to most (but not necessarily all) mobile devices.   Please go to the
NAI “Mobile Choices” web page
for further information about how to do this.  When you do this, we will no longer use information collected through your mobile apps to deliver behaviorally targeted advertising to your device. Please note that you will continue to receive advertising after you opt-out, but it may not be tailored to your interests.
c.
Viewed Content Advertising and Smart TVs
If you choose to activate this functionality, we may collect certain information on certain Smart TV and connected devices equipped with automatic content recognition (ACR) functionality in order to provide personalized advertising based on the programs or ads being watched on those devices, other devices with the same IP address, or browsers. We refer to the information collected as “Viewing Data” in this Policy. If you have opted-in to activating ACR on such device, the ACR functionality will continuously analyze audio from any onscreen content accessed or displayed on your Smart TV at that moment, including content from any set-top-boxes, media players, gaming consoles, over the air broadcast, or other audiovisual sources playing through your Smart TV.  For more information, see Section 2 above on “Viewing Data”.
The option to enable ACR is presented during the initial setup of the Smart TV and can also be accessed at any time via the Settings of the Smart TV. You can disable ACR at any time via the Settings of the Smart TV. Please refer to the device’s Privacy Notice and the Enhanced Viewing Service Privacy Notice of your Smart TV for more information.
7. Do Not Track
Although certain of our technology honors “do not track” (DNT) signals and similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers or mobile device operating systems, we are not responsible, and shall not be liable, for the acts of third parties, such as ad networks, with respect to such third parties’ tracking policies. We make no representation about the accuracy or effectiveness of other providers’ opt out mechanisms, including those listed on the above industry websites.
8. Children
Our site and Services are neither developed for, nor directed at, children under the age of 16.  We do not knowingly collect personal information from nor employ or offer targeting towards children under the age of 16.  If you believe your child, who is under the age of 16, has provided us with personal information, please contact us at privacyrights@nexxen.com and we will use reasonable efforts to remove that information from our records.
9. Where We Store Personal Data
We are a global company with affiliates, varied business processes, management structures and technical systems around the world. Information that we collect or that is collected on our behalf may be stored on connected devices (including Smart TV) to which we provide advertising or measurement and analytics services, or on our servers, and may be transferred to, accessed from, or stored and processed globally in any other country where we or our service providers maintain facilities or call centers, including jurisdictions that may have different data privacy laws from those in your home country. The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff may be engaged in, among other things, the fulfillment of your order or the provision of support services. We strive to transfer your information where there are appropriate measures and controls in place, and we strive to ensure that all information you provide to us is stored on secure servers.
10. For European Residents: About your GDPR Privacy Rights
If you are located in Europe, you may have certain right under European privacy law, principally the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).   This Section of the Privacy Policy is intended solely for, and is applicable only as to, such consumers, i.e., “data subjects”; if you are not an EEA resident (or otherwise located in an EEA country), this does not apply to you and you should not rely on it.
Nexxen participates in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with its Specifications and Policies. Nexxen operates Consent Management Platform with the identification numbers 23 and 36.
a.
Our legal bases for using personal information
All organizations need a legal reason to use your personal information. There are a number of legal grounds that enable data processing. Below are the most relevant grounds of which you should be aware.
With your consent
There are some activities where we process personal information with your consent. For example, where we want to send you marketing messages by email, we would ask your permission first and you could opt out at any time.
For a legitimate interest
We may use your information where there is a legitimate interest to do so. For example, we may use your information where it would help achieve our business objectives or to facilitate a benefit to you or someone else.  Our legitimate interests in processing personal data include:
to develop, deliver and maintain relevant and engaging products, services and/or advertising;
understanding when audiences engage with our Customers’ ads;
to build a clearer understanding of who our Customer’s audiences are in order to better serve more relevant advertising to those audiences, for the benefit of both individuals and our Customers;
to maximize advertising revenues for publishers and therefore help to maintain a diverse ecosystem of online independent publishers of content for users to enjoy and educate themselves;
to support individual and societal rights to receive information;
to improve user website experience by delivering brand safe, high quality advertising to all of the publishers of online content with which we work;
to carry on the business of a commercial organization;
to demonstrate that we provide services and products to agreed industry standards; and
sharing information with the Nexxen Group companies for analysis, audience insights, business efficiencies, content personalization and to deliver relevant advertising.
To comply with legal obligations
There may be situations where we need to use your information to comply with legal and regulatory obligations or to defend claims.
b. Exercising Your Data Subject Rights Under the GDPR
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area, you have the following data protection rights:
If you wish to access, correct, update or request deletion of your personal data, you can do so at any time by contacting us at privacyrights@nexxen.com or you may visit our
Manage User Data page
, where you may make an “access” or “right to know” request, or request that we “opt out” your personal information from our active database.
In addition, you can object to the processing of your personal data, ask us to restrict processing of your personal information or request portability of your personal information. Again, you can exercise these rights by contacting us at
privacyrights@nexxen.com
You have the right to opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time. You can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing e-mails we send you. To opt-out of other forms of marketing (such as postal marketing or telemarketing), then please contact us at privacyrights@nexxen.com.
Similarly, if we have collected and process your personal data with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time, by contacting us at privacyrights@nexxen.com or (as to information that we use in our Services), by going to
[your data page]
.  Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal data conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority.
External EU and UK Data Protection Officer
ePrivacy
GmbH
represented by Prof. Dr. Christoph Bauer
Burchardstraße 14, 20095 Hamburg, Germany
For all request concerning the security of your data you can contact our privacy team and data protection officer at
privacy@nexxen.com
.
If you have a particularly sensitive request, please contact our data protection officer by postal mail. The communication by email can always be flawed by security gaps.
11. Updates to this Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time in response to changing legal, technical or business developments. When we update our Privacy Policy, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. We will obtain your consent to any material Privacy Policy changes if and where this is required by applicable data protection laws.
You can see when this Privacy Policy was last updated by checking the “last updated” date displayed at the top of this Privacy Policy.
12. Data Retention
Personal information we collect may be retained for as long as needed to fulfill legitimate business purposes. The Company expires certain cookies, including cookies directed to European users, after 12 months. Except as permitted by law, we may retain aggregated and anonymized user information (e.g., to create group-level data), for an indefinite period but usually no more than 2 years.
13. Information Security
We take measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure, or destruction of data we collect and store.  These may include internal reviews of our data collection, storage, firewalls and processing practices and security measures.  Of course, no security system is perfect.   Thus, while we do take measures to safeguard against unauthorized access to, or alteration of data we collect and store, we cannot guarantee that it will not be disclosed or accessed inadvertently or through the unauthorized acts of others.
14. California “Shine the Light” Law
California’s “Shine the Light” law (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.83) permits California residents to request and receive, once per calendar year and free of charge, information about our sharing of your personal information (if any) with third parties for their own direct marketing use.  We do not share the information subject to that law for those covered purposes.   For information about other California privacy rights you may have, please see the below sections.
15. Privacy Rights and Information for Residents of California and Other Applicable States
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) provides certain rights to residents of California. Other states’ laws (upon becoming effective) provide similar (though not identical) rights to their own residents – including residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Utah and Virginia (“Other Applicable States”).  This Section of the Privacy Policy applies if you are a natural person who is a resident of one of those states, or of California (“California Consumer”), when we act in the capacity as a business or controller as defined by the laws of such states.   This Addendum supplements the information and disclosures in the Privacy Policy for residents of those states that recognize these particularized rights.
The following sets forth the categories of information we collect and purposes for which we may use Consumers’ personal information. (Examples provided for each category are merely examples found in the statute, and do not indicate that we necessarily collect that type of information or identifier.)
Our Collection of Consumer Personal Information
Depending on how you interact with us, we may collect about you the categories of information summarized in the table below. The following table also describes how we collect and use such categories of information.  We do not knowingly collect consumer information deemed “sensitive” under the CCPA, such as information that reveals race, religion, ethnicity, sexual orientation or information about specific medical conditions.
Category (examples for each are statutory; all may not be collected)
Business Purpose
Categories of Sources
Identifiers, e.g., name; alias; postal address; mobile ad identifiers; IP address; telephone number; email address; social network handles
Creation of audiences and consumer insights for digital and other advertising, and related services such as campaign measurement and data marketing.
Data compilers and consumer data platforms and aggregators, informational and retail websites (“Commercial Source Categories”)Consumers (through browsers, apps, and mobile devices) (“Consumers”)Ad networks Our affiliates (“Affiliates”), including the following: Addination Amobee ANZ Pty Ltd Amobee Asia Pte Amobee EMEA Ltd Amobee Ltd Nexxen Group US Holdings Inc Perk.com Canada Inc. SpearAd Taptica Inc Unmedia Video Distribution Sdn Bhd Unruly Group, LLC Unruly Media KK Unruly Media Pte. Ltd Unruly Media Pty Ltd
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or other US law (inferenced or actual, including self-reported)
e.g., race; color; religion; sex/gender; pregnancy, marital status; military or veteran status; national origin; ancestry; age (over 40) (may be inferenced, actual or self-reported)
Creation of audiences and consumer insights for digital and other advertising, and related services such as campaign measurement and data marketing.
Commercial Source CategoriesConsumersAd networksOur affiliates
Commercial or transactions information
e.g., products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies, including regarding cannabis products and services.
Creation of audiences and consumer insights for digital and other advertising, and related services such as campaign measurement and data marketing.
Commercial Source CategoriesOur affiliates
Internet or other electronic network activity information
e.g., browsing history; online interests.
Creation of audiences and consumer insights for digital and other advertising, and related services such as campaign measurement and data marketing.
Commercial Source Categories Consumers Ad networks Our affiliates
Geolocation data
e.g., latitude/longitude coordinates from mobile devices
Creation of audiences and consumer insights for digital and other advertising, and related services such as campaign measurement and data marketing.
Commercial Source Categories Consumers Ad networks Our affiliates
Professional or employment-related information
e.g., current or past job history or job title.
Creation of audiences and consumer insights for digital and other advertising, and related services such as campaign measurement and data marketing.
Commercial Source CategoriesPublic records and other publicly available sources
Inferenced Data
e.g., consumer information, lifestyle or purchasing preferences.
Creation of audiences and consumer insights for digital and other advertising, and related services such as campaign measurement and data marketing.
Commercial Source Categories Consumers Ad networks Our affiliates
Our Disclosure, Sale and Sharing of Personal Information
We may share and sell the information collected from and about you as discussed above for various business purposes, with service providers and with third parties including our Customers, advertising platforms, and those advertising platforms’ customers.  These business purposes often involve cross-context behavioral advertising, also known as “targeted” advertising.
The table below describes how and with whom we share or disclose personal information, and whether we believe we have “sold” or “shared” a particular category of information in the prior 12 months.   “Sharing” information is a concept defined under California privacy laws (but not necessarily other states’ privacy laws) and includes using (or permitting others to use) the information we collect for cross-context or “targeted” advertising.  (In our case – because we often earn money in exchange for making available information for advertising purposes – we may be involved in both a “sale” and a “share” of that information.)
For maximal transparency, we have been deliberately inclusive in our terminology, by including within categories both types of third parties (e.g., “retailers”) and types of platforms through which those third parties might access data (e.g., “advertising networks”). We reiterate that examples provided for each category are merely examples found in the statute, and do not indicate that we necessarily sell, disclose, and/or share that type of information or identifier.
Category
Categories of Third Parties We May Share With
Whether We “Sold” or “Shared” This Category of Personal Information in the Last 12 Months
Identifiers
, e.g., name; alias; postal address; mobile ad identifiers; IP address; telephone number; email address; social network handles
Data compilers and consumer data resellers, healthcare and pharmaceutical companies, consumer goods retailers, other retailers, informational and retail websites, content publishers, non-profit organizations, business-to-business services and organizations, consumer surveys and survey companies, affiliate networks Advertising networks and media platforms, data management and “onboarding” platforms, internet service providers, data analytics providers Social networks
Yes
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or US law (inferenced or actual)
e.g., race; color; religion; sex/gender; pregnancy, marital status; military or veteran status; national origin; ancestry; age (over 40) (may be inferenced, actual or self-reported)
Data compilers and consumer data resellers, healthcare and pharmaceutical companies, consumer goods retailers, other retailers, informational and retail websites, content publishers, non-profit organizations, business-to-business services and organizations, consumer surveys and survey companies, affiliate networks Advertising networks and media platforms, data management and “onboarding” platforms, internet service providers, data analytics providers Social networks
Yes
Commercial or transactions information
e.g., products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Data compilers and consumer data resellers, healthcare and pharmaceutical companies, consumer goods retailers, other retailers, informational and retail websites, content publishers, non-profit organizations, business-to-business services and organizations, consumer surveys and survey companies, affiliate networks Advertising networks and media platforms, data management and “onboarding” platforms, internet service providers, data analytics providers Social networks
Yes
Internet or other electronic network activity information
e.g., browsing history; online interests.
Data compilers and consumer data resellers, healthcare and pharmaceutical companies, consumer goods retailers, other retailers, informational and retail websites, content publishers, non-profit organizations, business-to-business services and organizations, consumer surveys and survey companies, affiliate networks Advertising networks and media platforms, data management and “onboarding” platforms, internet service providers, data analytics providers Social networks
Yes
Professional or employment-related information
e.g., current or past job history or job title.
Data compilers and consumer data resellers, healthcare and pharmaceutical companies, consumer goods retailers, other retailers, informational and retail websites, content publishers, non-profit organizations, business-to-business services and organizations, consumer surveys and survey companies, affiliate networks Advertising networks and media platforms, data management and “onboarding” platforms, internet service providers, data analytics providers Social networks
Yes
Inference Data
e.g., consumer information, lifestyle or purchasing preferences.
Data compilers and consumer data resellers, healthcare and pharmaceutical companies, consumer goods retailers, other retailers, informational and retail websites, content publishers, non-profit organizations, business-to-business services and organizations, consumer surveys and survey companies, affiliate networks Advertising networks and media platforms, data management and “onboarding” platforms, internet service providers, data analytics providers Social networks
Yes
Please see the below sections to learn the purposes for which we collect and share personal information.
Our Business for Selling and Sharing Personal Information
We
collect
and
share
the personal information that we collect for the below purposes, as we also have described in our Privacy Policy and/or our website.
Online targeting, for example:
Creating or helping to create defined audience segments based on common demographics and/or shared (actual or inferred) interests or preferences (e.g., households with prospective students).  These audience segments may be based on the collective website behavior of consumers and indicate whether a consumer is likely to want to make a particular type of purchase or engage in a particular type of commercial behavior.   We also sometimes work with a data partner that “matches” our or other Information through coded identification techniques (such as through coded data “hashing”) with online cookies and other identifiers to target and measure ad campaigns online across various display, mobile and other media channels.We also create or assisting customers in creating or enhancing “identity” graphs to help locate consumers across various channels, such as based on common personal, device-based, or network-based identifiers (e.g., IP address, email address)We also use the personal information we collect or receive online to provide related services, such as for measuring the effectiveness of and otherwise analyzing ad campaigns.
We use personal information for other internal purposes, for example:
For internal research, internal operations, auditing, detecting security incidents, debugging, short-term and transient use, quality control, and legal compliance.We sometimes use the personal information collected from our own website, from social networks, from other “business to business” interactions (such as at trade shows) or from data compilers for the above purposes, as well as for our own marketing purposes.
We also may share any of the personal information we collect for other legal, corporate or operational purposes. Sharing for legal purposes.  For instance,
we may share personal information with third parties in order to: (a) comply with legal process or a regulatory investigation (e.g. a subpoena or court order); (b) enforce our Terms of Service, legal rights, this Privacy Policy, or other contracts with you, including investigation of potential violations thereof; (c) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties; and/or (d) protect the rights, property or personal safety of us, our platform, our customers, our agents and affiliates, its users and/or the public.  Sharing to prevent consumer harm or fraud.  We likewise may provide information to other companies and organizations (including law enforcement) for fraud protection, spam/malware prevention, and similar purposes.Sharing for purposes of a corporate transaction.  We may also share personal information in the event of a major corporate transaction, including for example a merger, investment, acquisition, reorganization, consolidation, bankruptcy, liquidation, or sale of some or all of our assets, or for purposes of due diligence connected with any such transaction.
Sharing With Service Providers:
We share any personal information we collect with our service providers, which may include (for instance) providers involved in tech or customer support, operations, web or data hosting, billing, accounting, security, marketing, data management, validation, enhancement or hygiene, or otherwise assisting us to provide, develop, maintain and improve our services.
Sharing of Aggregate Information:
We may aggregate and/or de-identify any information collected so that such information can no longer be linked to you or your device (“
Aggregate/De-Identified Information
”). We may use Aggregate/De-Identified Information for any purpose, including, without limitation, for research and marketing purposes, and we may also share such data with any third parties, including advertisers, promotional partners, and sponsors, in our discretion.
Our Retention of Information
We retain personal information as a “business” or “controller” under applicable state privacy laws if it is relevant and useful for purposes of our products and services or we have a legal or compliance reason to do so, and provided the information is not subject to a valid request for deletion.  (We may retain information after deletion where legally permitted or required for a legal compliance, auditing or accounting reason.)
Your Privacy Rights and Choices
As noted above, residents of certain U.S. states have particular privacy rights, including residents of California and (upon various “effective” dates occurring during 2023) Colorado, Connecticut, Utah and Virginia (“Applicable State Residents”).  The scope and nature of these rights vary in each state, so we have sought to explain these rights in the most transparent and uniform terms, below.
Without being discriminated against for exercising these rights, California residents, as well as residents of the Applicable States, have the right to request that we disclose what personal information we collect from you, to delete that information, and to opt-out of the sale of your personal information, subject to certain restrictions.  If you are a resident of such a state, you also have the right to designate an agent to exercise these rights on your behalf (so long as your state of residence continues to recognize that right).
This section describes how to exercise those rights and our process for handling those requests.  (To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request.)
We may withhold these rights to the extent that the law in your state of residence does not recognize or no longer recognizes these rights.
Note that sometimes, we act only as a “service provider” or “processor” to our customers (for instance, if they provide information to us solely to use our marketing or data management tools), in which case any consumer requests for opt-out, deletion or access to data must be made through that client: we therefore will forward any such requests to a named client, where feasible.
a. The right to access, correction and disclosure
You may have the right to request, twice during a twelve-month period, the following information about the personal information we have collected about you during the past 12 months:
the categories and specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you;
the categories of sources from which we collected the personal information;
the business or commercial purpose for which we collected or sold the personal information;
the categories of third parties with whom we shared the personal information; and
the categories of personal information that we sold or disclosed for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties to whom we sold or disclosed that information for a business purpose.
You also may request correction of your personal information, such as if you believe we have incorrect information pertaining to you.
b. The right to deletion
You may have the right to request that we delete the personal information we have collected from you.  Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law.  We need certain types of information so that we can provide our Services to you, and may retain certain information for important business purposes, such as fulfilling our legal obligations, or for security, auditing or de-bugging purposes.
c. How to exercise your access and deletion rights
California residents and residents of Other Applicable States may exercise their access or deletion rights by accessing our
“Manage user data” page
or by sending an email to privacyrights@nexxen.com.
For security purposes, we will verify your identity – in part by requesting or automatically capturing certain information from you — when you request to exercise your applicable privacy rights.  For instance, you may need to provide your email address. To request that we provide you with the specific pieces of personal information we have from you or to delete personal information we have collected from you, we may also need to ask you for additional information to verify your identity.  Once we have verified your identity (and your agent, as applicable), we will respond to your request as appropriate.
Where you have requested the categories of personal information that we have collected about you, we will provide the information you have requested, except where not permitted under applicable law or otherwise exempted by the CCPA or other applicable law.
Where you have requested specific pieces of personal information, we will provide the information you have requested, except where not permitted under applicable law or otherwise exempted by the CCPA or other applicable law.
Where you have requested that we delete personal information that we have collected from you, we will delete any information about you that is not necessary for the purposes indicated above or another permissible business, security or legal purpose.  Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law.
If we are unable to complete your requests fully for any of the reasons above, we will provide you additional information about the reasons that we could not comply with your request.
d. The right to nondiscrimination
We will not deny, charge different prices for, or provide a different level of quality of goods or services if you choose to exercise these rights.
e. The right to “opt-out” of the sale of your personal information
You have the right to opt out of the “sale” of your personal information.  California law (for instance) broadly defines sale such that it may include, for example, allowing third parties to receive and use certain information, such as cookies IP address and/or browsing behavior, to deliver targeted advertising.
If you wish to “opt out” of our “sale” of your information, i.e., for purposes of personalized advertising, we recommend employing the options we provide and explain in
Section 6
.   However, you may also visit the interactive form that we make available at to exercise your data subject rights
https://yourdata.nexxen.com
f. Authorized Agent
You may also designate an agent to make requests to exercise your rights, where applicable state law (such as the CCPA) permits you to do so.   In such case, we will take steps both to verify the identity of the person seeking to exercise their rights as listed above, and to verify that your agent has been authorized to make a request on your behalf through providing us with a signed written authorization or a copy of a validly executed power of attorney.
g. Right to Appeal
In some states you have a right to appeal our decision about how or whether we honor your privacy rights request(s).  In the event that we inform you that we will not, or believe we cannot, honor a particular consumer request (for instance, if we have determined we cannot verify your identity, or if we believe you are not entitled to the scope of deletion you request), and you live in such a state, you may appeal our determination by emailing us at
privacyrights@nexxen.com
.
Opt-out of sale requests are often effectively accomplished through automated suppression methods, either by a consumer causing another website (such as a content publisher) to avoid selling browser-related data, or by deploying our opt-out cookie located at
https://yourdata.nexxen.com
as well as on various industry opt-out pages.  Opting out in these ways causes data associated with a consumer’s device to be effectively disassociated from their device and/or suppressed from usage.
Annual Data Requests
The table below sets forth additional privacy disclosures with respect to our processing of data subject rights requests. Between January 1, 2023 and December 31, 2023, across the United States, we processed the following data subject requests of consumers:
Request Type
Number Received
Number Complied with in Whole or Part
Number Denied*
Median Response Time in Days**
Mean Response Time in Days**
Access
186
28
158
44
44
Delete
47
38
9
21
36
Opt-Out
131
15
116
45
45
*Data subject could not be verified.
** Indicates maximum response time based on fulfillment across all states.
Texas Data Broker Disclosure:
THE ENTITY MAINTAINING THIS WEBSITE IS A DATA BROKER UNDER TEXAS LAW. TO CONDUCT BUSINESS IN TEXAS, A DATA BROKER MUST REGISTER WITH THE TEXAS SECRETARY OF STATE (TEXAS SOS). INFORMATION ABOUT DATA BROKER REGISTRANTS IS AVAILABLE ON THE TEXAS SOS WEBSITE.
https://www.sos.state.tx.us/index.shtml
16. How to Contact Us
If you have any questions, concerns or requests please contact us by email at privacyrights@nexxen.com or 82 Yigal Alon St. 13th Floor Tel-Aviv, 6789124 Israel.