Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy aims to inform you about the data processing in connection with your use of our Miele@home system, various Miele applications (“Miele Apps”), Miele Voice Assistants, e.g. Miele Skills for Amazon Alexa and/or Miele Google Actions (“Miele Voice Assistants”) and further related services. The processing of personal data takes place exclusively within the framework of the respective valid legal data protection regulations, in particular the General Data Protection Regulation (hereinafter referred to as "GDPR").
1. General information
1.1 Personal data
In accordance with Art. 4 (1) GDPR, “personal data” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (hereinafter referred to as the “data subject”); a natural person is considered as being identifiable, directly or indirectly, in particular by means of an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or one or more special characteristics expressing the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of this natural person.
1.2 Controller
The controller within the meaning of Art. 4 (7) GDPR is
Miele & Cie. KG
Carl-Miele-Straße 29
33332 Gütersloh
Tel: +49 5241 89-0
Fax: +49 5241 89-2090
E-Mail: info@miele.de
1.3 Data Protection Officer
You can contact our Data Protection Officer at the postal address listed under 1.2 or by sending an e-mail to: datenschutz@miele.de
2. Miele@home
Our Miele@home system connects your network-enabled domestic appliances and allows you to manage your connected domestic appliances via Miele Apps and Miele Voice Assistants.
Before using Miele@home for the first time, you need a Miele account. If you do not have a Miele account yet, you can create one using the Miele Apps. If you connect a network-enabled domestic appliance, it will then be paired with your Miele account. During the pairing process, you must enter your equipment serial number. You can enter your equipment serial number by using an implemented automatic image-processing tool or manually. If you choose to use the automatic image-processing tool, the image including your data will be processed through our external cloud-service provider. The cloud-service provider act as instruction-bound processors for us.
The following data are processed in connection with the use of our Miele@home system:
customer number and Miele account;
equipment serial number;
appliance manufacturing number;
functional characteristics of the appliances and appliance master data;
appliances data, including
appliances usage data, containing information about appliance settings (e.g. display brightness), program settings, interactions with the user interface, sensor data (e.g. temperatures, drum speed, door status) and appliances statistics (e.g. hours of operation, counters, failures, warning notifications and error states); and
appliances status data, containing information to a specific event that the appliance generates when the status is changed (program status, program identifier, program duration, etc.);
error log files, containing communication metadata information about e.g. when the communication has failed; and
personally identifiable features for telecommunications (e.g. IP-address).
The processing of the aforementioned data is required to fulfil the services related to our Miele@home system. The legal basis for this is Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR. The data are stored by us only as long as it is necessary for the fulfilment of the respective purpose, unless otherwise provided for by the applicable legislation.
Error log files are also used to detect malfunctions as well as technical issues and to remedy errors. Error log files are stored for 14 days and will be automatically deleted afterwards. For these purposes, the legal basis is also our legitimate interest in the processing of data pursuant to Art. 6 (1)(f) GDPR.
In order to continuously improve our products and services, we will pseudonymize the appliance usage data and evaluate that data only in a ppseudonymous manner for internal reports and statical purposes. The data will be processed by us and our affiliated company Miele & Cie. KG. The legal basis for this processing is Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR, whereby the optimisation of our products and services justifies our legitimate interest. The aggregated reports do not allow any reidentification of a specific user and will be shared with further companies of the Miele Group. The data are stored by us only as long as it is necessary for the fulfilment of the respective purpose, but for a maximum period of two (2) years, unless otherwise provided for by the applicable legislation. Further data will only be processed if and insofar you have given us your explicit consent as described in Section 7 below.
If and insofar you have given us your consent, we will pseudonymize appliances data and the appliance manufacturing number to evaluate the pseudonymized data and to create internal reports in order to continuously optimise our products, systems and services. The legal basis for the collection, pseudonymization and evaluation of your appliances data and appliance manufacturing number is your consent, Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR. You may consent or object / withdrawal your consent to the collection, pseudonymization and evaluation of your appliances data and appliance manufacturing number by activating or deactivating the function during the registration process or in the profile settings / consent management of the Miele Apps. Pseudonymized appliances data and appliances manufactural numbers will be stored for a maximum of 2 years and will be deleted afterwards. Any internal report only contain aggregated and/or anonymized data and will therefore not allow any re-identification of a specific customer.
2.1 Miele Account
Before using Miele@home system, Miele Apps or Miele Voice Assistants for the first time, you need a Miele account. When registering for a Miele account, the following data will be processed:
a) Miele light user
e-mail-address and password (marked as mandatory data).
These data are required to provide you a secure log-in / authentication process and to fulfil the services related to the Miele@home system, Miele Apps and Miele Voice Assistants. The legal basis is Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR.
Please note, that some functionalities, e.g. shop connect, necessarily require a Miele full user account. Those functionalities will not be available to a Miele light user.
b) Miele full user
In addition to the data processed for the provision of the Miele light user account, we may process the following data for the Miele full user account:
name;
address;
telephone number;
date of birth (voluntary);
order history;
items ordered;
delivery address, if different; and
invoice and payment data.
We process the abovementioned data in order to update your registration and to provide you with further functionalities of the Miele Apps. The legal basis is Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR.
Please note, that the collection of these data is optional and that the provision of these data is not required for the use of the core functionalities of the Miele Apps. You can add, change or delete these data in the settings of your Miele App.
The data are stored by us only as long as it is necessary for the fulfilment of the respective purpose or until you withdraw your consent to process your personal data, unless otherwise provided for by the applicable legislation
2.2 Miele Apps
For our Miele@home system, we offer various Miele Apps, which process your usage data. These data are processed in addition to that already processed by the use of the Miele@home system.
When setting up the Miele Apps, the following data are processed:
customer number and Miele account;
appliance manufacturing number, and
functional characteristics of the appliances and appliance master data
When using the Miele Apps, the following additional data are processed:
appliances data, including
appliances usage data, containing information about appliance settings (e.g. display brightness), program settings, interactions with the user interface, sensor data (e.g. temperatures, drum speed, door status) and appliances statistics (e.g. hours of operation, counters, failures, warning notifications and error states; and
appliances status data, containing information to a specific event that the appliance generates when the status is changed (program status, program identifier, program duration, etc.);
error log files, containing communication metadata information about e.g. when the communication has failed;
app usage data; and
personally identifiable features for telecommunications (e.g. IP-address).
To be able to use Miele Apps comprehensively, certain system permissions are required. At the beginning of the use of the Miele Apps and/or only when using the respective function, you will be requested to grant the corresponding authorisations. Please note, however, that proper use of the Miele Apps requires access to certain features of your mobile device (smartphone or tablet) and access to your personal data, including for security reasons. We will request your permission to grant the corresponding authorisations according to the functionality or needs. You may refuse to do so and in that case you may not be able to use some specific functions of the Miele Apps:
Category: Files & Media, Permission: READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE, Corresponding Function: Used to access certain files on the devices storage, Description of function and example scenarios: -Used to open downloaded product documents; -Used to open downloaded manuals, Mandatory: Optional, but corresponding functions will be not available without permission
Category: Files & Media, Permission: WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE, Corresponding Function: Used to store certain files on the devices storage, Description of function and example scenarios: Used to store downloaded product documents; Used to store downloaded manuals, Mandatory: Optional, but corresponding functions will be not available without permission
Category: Location, Permission: ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION, Corresponding Function: Used to access approximate location, Description of function and example scenarios: Used for Wi-Fi scanning during the pairing of your domestic appliance with the Miele app. Mandatory: Optional, but corresponding functions will be not available without permission
Category: Location, Permission: ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION, Corresponding Function: Used to access precise location, Description of function and example scenarios: Used for Wi-Fi scanning during the pairing of your domestic appliance with the Miele app. Mandatory: Optional, but corresponding functions will be not available without permission
Category: Camera, Permission: CAMERA, Corresponding Function: Used to access devices camera, Description of function and example scenarios: Used to detect the datamatrix code on the Miele appliance which stores the fabrication number, Mandatory: Optional: Fabrication number can also be typed in by hand
Category: Other, Permission: ACCESS_WIFI_STATE, Corresponding Function: Used to access information about wifi networks, Description of function and example scenarios: Used to identify the status in the pairing process, Mandatory: Optional, but corresponding functions will be not available without permission
Category: Other, Permission: CHANGE_WIFI_STATE, Corresponding Function: Used to to change wifi connectivity state, Description of function and example scenarios: Used for the wifi connection in pairing process, Mandatory: Optional, but corresponding functions will be not available without permission
Category: Other, Permission: CHANGE_WIFI_MULTICAST_STATE, Corresponding Function: Used for the MDNS scanner, Description of function and example scenarios: Used to detect and communicate to Miele appliances near you, Mandatory: Optional, but corresponding functions will be not available without permission
Category: Other, Permission: ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE, Corresponding Function: Used to access information about networks, Description of function and example scenarios: Used for API calls in features; Used to check whether user has internet in the shop, Mandatory: Optional, but corresponding functions will be not available without permission
Category: Other, Permission: CHANGE_NETWORK_STATE, Corresponding Function: Used to change network connectivity state, Description of function and example scenarios: Used to connect to the appliance Wifi, Mandatory: Optional, but corresponding functions will be not available without permission
Category: Other, Permission: INTERNET, Corresponding Function: Used to access the internet, Description of function and example scenarios: Used to generally communicate with the Miele Cloud Service (e.g. login, communication with Miele appliances, etc.); Used to get product data; Used to manage the shopping cart; Used to process payments; Used to post orders, Mandatory: Optional, but corresponding functions will be not available without permission
Miele Apps are available in so-called App stores operated by third parties. The download of a Miele App usually requires prior registration at the respective App store. We have no influence on the personal data processed in this context. The responsible body is in this context solely the operator of the respective App store. Further information can be found in the Privacy Policy on your respective App store.
The processing of the aforementioned data is required to fulfil the services related to our Miele@home system and Miele Apps. The legal basis for this is Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR. The data are stored by us only as long as it is necessary for the fulfilment of the respective purpose, unless otherwise provided for by the applicable legislation.
Error log files are also used to detect malfunctions as well as technical issues and to remedy errors. Error log files are stored for 14 days and will be automatically deleted afterwards. For these purposes, the legal basis is also our legitimate interest in the processing of data pursuant to Art. 6 (1)(f) GDPR.
If and insofar you have given us your consent, we will pseudonymize app usage data to evaluate the pseudonymized data and to create internal reports in order to continuously optimise our products, systems and services. The legal basis for the collection, pseudonymization and evaluation of your appliances data is your consent, Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR. You may consent or object / withdrawal your consent to the collection, pseudonymization and evaluation of your app usage data by activating or deactivating the function during the registration process or in the profile settings / consent management of the Miele Apps. Pseudonymized app usage data will be stored for 2 years and will be deleted afterwards. Any internal report only contains aggregated and/or anonymized data and will therefore not allow any re-identification of a specific customer.
2.3 Use of Miele Voice Assistants
For our Miele@home system, we offer various Miele Voice Assistant services, for example Miele Skills for Amazon Alexa and Miele Google Actions.
Miele Skills for Amazon Alexa
If you use Miele Skills for Amazon Alexa in connection with a Miele@home product, the following data will be collected and processed. These data are processed in addition to that already processed by the use of the Miele@home system and Miele Apps:
registration data;
customer number and Miele account;
serial number of the appliance(s);
Miele User-ID (technical identifier, not your Miele customer number);
Amazon User-ID (technical identifier);
Session ID;
Server/HTTP(S)-Logs;
functional characteristics of the appliances;
personally identifiable features for telecommunications (e.g. IP-address);
Alexa Skills usage data, including the intent / capability name, description of the intent, IoT-Type and SlotType-Value (parameters, that will be transferred to your appliance) and timestamp; and
appliance status of the Miele home Appliance.
Miele uses the services of Amazon Europe Core S.à.r.l, 5, Rue Plaetis, L-2338 Luxembourg to provide Miele Skills for Amazon Alexa. The Miele Skill is available at the Amazon Alexa Skill Store, which is powered by Amazon. Activation of Miele Skills and general use of Amazon Alexa usually requires prior registration with Amazon. We have no influence on the personal data collected, processed and used in this context. The responsible body is in this context solely Amazon. The Amazon Privacy Policy can be found at
https://www.amazon.co.uk/gp/help/customer/display.html/ref=footer_privacy?ie=UTF8&nodeId=201909010
.
After you activate Amazon Alexa, e.g. by waking up an Echo device through uttering “Alexa”, everything you say afterwards will be recorded and sent to Amazon. There, the audio will be transcribed and the intent behind the spoken words will be determined. Then, the result of what has been understood by Amazon will be sent to us (e.g. that an oven is to be switched on). Due to the account linking between the Miele User-ID and the Amazon User-ID, Miele knows in which Miele@home account an oven is to be powered on. Miele will process your request within the Miele Cloud, send a command to your appliance (e.g. for switching it on) and send a response to Amazon, who convert the response to an audio file and play this audio file out to the user, e.g. through an Amazon Echo smart speaker
The processing of the aforementioned data is required to fulfil the services related to our Miele@home system and Miele Skills for Amazon Alexa. The legal basis for this is Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR. The data are stored by us only as long as it is necessary for the fulfilment of the respective purpose, unless otherwise provided for by the applicable legislation.
In order to continuously improve our products and services, we will pseudonymize the Alexa Skills usage data and evaluate that data only in a ppseudonymous manner for internal reports and statical purposes. The data will be processed by us and our affiliated company Miele & Cie. KG. The legal basis for this processing is Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR, whereby the optimisation of our products and services justifies our legitimate interest. The aggregated reports do not allow any reidentification of a specific user and will be shared with further companies of the Miele Group. The data are stored by us only as long as it is necessary for the fulfilment of the respective purpose, but for a maximum period of two (2) years, unless otherwise provided for by the applicable legislation. Further data will only be processed if and insofar you have given us your explicit consent as described in Section 7 below.
Miele Google Actions
If you use Miele Google Actions in connection with a Miele@home product, the following data will be collected and processed. These data are processed in addition to that already processed by the use of the Miele@home system and Miele Apps:
registration data;
customer number and Miele account;
serial number of the appliance(s);
Miele User-ID (technical identifier, not your Miele customer number);
Google User-ID (technical identifier);
Session ID;
Server/HTTP(S)-Logs;
functional characteristics of the appliances;
personally identifiable features for telecommunications (e.g. IP-address);
Google Action usage data, including the intent / trait name, description of the intent, IoT-Type and SlotType-Value (parameters, that will be transferred to your appliance) and timestamp; and
appliance status of the Miele home Appliance.
Miele uses the services of Google Inc., Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA to provide Miele Google Actions. Miele Google Actions are available through Google Assistant, which is powered by Google. Activation of Miele Google Actions and general use of Google Assistant usually requires prior registration with Goolge. We have no influence on the personal data collected, processed and used in this context. The responsible body is in this context solely Google. The Google Privacy Policy can be found at
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
.
Before you can use the Miele Google Actions, you have to create a link between your Miele User-ID and Google User-ID. For this, we use the Google Account Linking API.
After you activate your Google Assistant, e.g. by waking up a Google nest device through uttering “OK Google”, everything you say afterwards will be recorded and sent to Google. There, the audio will be transcribed and the intent behind the spoken words will be determined. Then, the result of what has been understood by Google will be sent to us (e.g. that an oven is to be switched on). Due to the account linking between the Miele User-ID and the Google User-ID, Miele knows in which Miele@home account an oven is to be powered on. Miele will process your request within the Miele Cloud, send a command to your appliance (e.g. for switching it on) and send a response to Google, who convert the response to an audio file and play this audio file out to the user, e.g. through a Google Nest smart speaker.
The processing of the aforementioned data is required to fulfil the services related to our Miele@home system and Miele Google Actions. The legal basis for this is Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR. The data are stored by us only as long as it is necessary for the fulfilment of the respective purpose, unless otherwise provided for by the applicable legislation.
In order to continuously improve our products and services, we will pseudonymize the Google Action usage data and evaluate that data only in a ppseudonymous manner for internal reports and statical purposes. The data will be processed by us and our affiliated company Miele & Cie. KG. The legal basis for this processing is Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR, whereby the optimisation of our products and services justifies our legitimate interest. The aggregated reports do not allow any reidentification of a specific user and will be shared with further companies of the Miele Group. The data are stored by us only as long as it is necessary for the fulfilment of the respective purpose, but for a maximum period of two (2) years, unless otherwise provided for by the applicable legislation. Further data will only be processed if and insofar you have given us your explicit consent as described in Section 7 below.
2.4 Image- and video features
General
Certain Miele Apps can have an image and/or video feature that allows to broadcast images and/or videos from a network-enabled domestic appliance to your mobile device. Videos will only be shown live in the Miele App and will not be stored.
When using the image and/or video function, the privacy and the highly personal sphere of life of third parties must be respected. The network-enabled domestic appliances should therefore be used only in your own premises and any person present should be informed about the image and/or video function by you in advance. In the event you release your domestic appliance to a third person, you must inform this person about the image and/or video feature.
The processing of the data is required to fulfil the services offered by the Miele. The legal basis for this is Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR.
Oven compartment camera
If your oven has a compartment camera and you have activated the camera, then the camera will automatically create images and time-lapse-videos of your food. You can call up such images and time-lapse-videos through your Miele App. The images and time-lapse-videos will be stored for 24 hours and will be automatically deleted afterwards. The following so-called metadata relate to the images and will be processed if you use the oven compartment camera:
appliance manufacturing number (pseudonymized),
appliance description,
country,
language used in the app,
time stamp of the image.
You can disable the camera at any time at your oven.
The processing of the data is required to fulfil the services offered by the Miele. The legal basis for this is Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR.
If and insofar you have given us your consent, we will process your images and the related metadata in pseudonymized form in order to continuously optimise our products and services. The images helps us to improve image recognition functionalities. We will store your images and the related metadata for a period of 24 months. The processing of your images and the related metadata will be partly executed by our partner V7 Ltd., 158 Buckingham Palace Road Fourth Floor, SW1W 9TR, London, Great Britain, who acts as instruction-bound processors for us. The legal basis for the collection and processing of your images and related metadata is your consent, Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR. You may withdrawal your consent to the collection and processing of your images and related metadata for the improvement of our products and services by deactivating the function in the profile settings / consent management of the Miele Apps.
Smart Food ID
If and insofar that you use the “Smart Food ID” functionality, we process the following data in addition to the data already mentioned under “oven compartment camera” above:
Communication metadata:
time needed for the transfer of the images from your oven to the Miele Cloud Services,
response-time of the recognition service
result of the recognition service
Further Metadata:
appliance manufacturing number (pseudonymized),
appliance description,
country,
language used in the app,
time stamp of the image.
The processing of your images and the related metadata will be partly executed by our partner V7 Ltd., 158 Buckingham Palace Road Fourth Floor, SW1W 9TR, London, Great Britain, who acts as instruction-bound processors for us.
The processing of the abovementioned data is required to fulfil the services offered by the Miele. The legal basis for this is Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR.  Furthermore, the abovementioned data will be evaluated in a pseudonymous manner to ensure und assess the high quality of our Smart Food ID service, in particular to ensure the promised response-time and the results. The legal basis for this is Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR, whereby the optimisation of Smart Food ID service justifies our legitimate interest.
2.5 In-App Shop
If you want to place orders via the In-App Shop functionality, we process the following personal data:
name;
address;
telephone number;
date of birth (voluntary);
order history;
items ordered;
delivery address, if different; and
invoice and payment data.
Your data will be forwarded to the Miele entity which is responsible in your country and which you have chosen during the registration process. You will find further information to the respective Miele entity throughout the ordering process. The legal basis for the processing of your data is Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR. Your data will be stored for a period of 24 month and will be automatically deleted after such period, provided and insofar as we are not obliged to store it for reasons based on commercial and tax law.
Your payment data will be forwarded to the respective payment service provider for payment processing.
We have assigned Worldpay (UK) Limited, Worldpay Limited and Worldpay AP Ltd registered at The Walbrook Building 25 Walbrook, London EC4N 8AF, United Kingdom,
https://www.worldpay.com
, and Global Collect Services (Ingenico ePayments), Neptunusstraat 41-63, 2132 JA, Hoofddorp, Netherlands,
https://www.ingenico.com
to process payments per Apple Pay, per Google Pay und per credit card for us. All credit card details are directly entered into the system of the respective payment provider and cannot be read or processed by us. Please find the privacy notices and more information about our payment provider on the respective websites.
Additional information on the processing of your data when using the Apple Pay payment method can be found at:
https://support.apple.com/de-de/HT203027
.
Additional information on the processing of your data when using the Google Pay payment method can be found at:
https://policies.google.com/privacy and https://payments.google.com/payments/apis-secure/get_legal_document?ldo=0&ldt=privacynotice&ldl=de
.
If you pay via PayPal, you will be redirected to PayPal's website via a link. With regard to payment processing, the data processed relate to your name, your address, your e-mail address, any telephone numbers and account or credit card information. Please refer to the General Terms and Conditions, Terms of Use and Privacy Notice of PayPal (Europe) S.à rl et Cie, SCA, 22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg on the website:
https://www.paypal.com
.
In addition to the abovementioned processing purposes, we process your IP address for IT-security and fraud prevention purposes, in particular preventing and detecting of payment fraud. For the fraud prevention purposes, we receive information from our payment service provider in order to assess payment risk and ensure safe services.
The delivery address will be forwarded to the delivery partner appointed by us. So that the delivery partner can contact you to coordinate the delivery date or in the case of delivery problems, we will provide the delivery partner with your e-mail address and, if applicable, telephone number. The respective data are transmitted solely for the respective purposes and are deleted after delivery. Some of our delivery partners offer track-and-trace services. We will transfer your e-mail address to the delivery partner in order to enable our partner to provide its track-and-trace services to you. The legal basis for the processing of the data is the consent required by Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR.
Furthermore, your data will be pseudonymized and be evaluated in a pseudonymous manner for internal reports and statical purposes. The data will be processed by us and our affiliated companies Miele & Cie. KG and Miele X B.V. Such reports will help us to so continuously improve and optimize our products and services. The legal basis for this processing is Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR, whereby the optimisation of our products and services justifies our legitimate interest. The aggregated reports do not allow any reidentification of a specific user and will be shared with further companies of the Miele Group. The data are stored by us only as long as it is necessary for the fulfilment of the respective purpose, unless otherwise provided for by the applicable legislation.
2.6 Whisk
Certain of our Miele Apps uses the widget “Whisk” of our partner Foodient Ltd., Unit 5, Venture Way, Birmingham B7 4AP, England. By using “Whisk”, you can transmit the ingredients in the recipes to online merchants. Whisk uses cookies in order to transmit the ingredients. We do not transmit any personal data of our customer to our partner Foodient Ltd. or to any of its online merchants partners. For more information about the widget “Whisk”, our partner Foodient Ltd. and the processing of data please see
https://whisk.com/policy/privacy/
.
2.7 Remote Service
For our Miele@home system and for certain network-enabled domestic appliances we offer remote services.
Remote Update
We provide you with updates for your network-enabled domestic appliances remotely, so-called „Remote Update“, depending on your domestic appliance and your region. If a Remote Update is available for your domestic appliance, it will be downloaded automatically. Remote Updates will not be installed automatically, they must be initiated manually on your domestic appliance. Information about the content and scope of a Remote Update will be provided in the respective Miele App. If you do not install a Remote Update, you can continue to use your domestic appliance as usual. However, we highly recommend to install Remote Updates in order to keep your domestic appliance up-to-date and to ensure compatibility with other functionalities of the Miele@home system.
The Remote Update function on your domestic appliance is activated as standard. You can deactivate the Remote Update function at any time in the settings of your domestic appliance. Please find more information about Remote Update settings for your specific domestic appliance in the respective operating and installation instructions.
Before the installation of a Remote Update, we create a copy of the technical parameters and data of your domestic appliance, a so-called „Dump-file“. The Dump-file will help our service unit in the event any problems or other unusual events related to the Remote Update occur. In this context, the following personal data will be processed:
Customer number and Miele account;
appliance manufacturing number;
functional characteristics of the appliances and appliance master data;
appliances data, including
appliances usage data, containing information about appliance settings (e.g. display brightness), program settings, interactions with the user interface, sensor data (e.g. temperatures, drum speed, door status) and appliances statistics (e.g. hours of operation, counters, failures, warning notifications and error states); and
appliances status data, containing information to a specific event that the appliance generates when the status is changed (program status, program identifier, program duration, etc.);
personally identifiable features for telecommunications (e.g. IP-address).
The processing of the aforementioned data is required to fulfil the services related to our Remote Update function. The legal basis for this is Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR. The data are stored by us only for a period of 3 months, unless otherwise provided for by the applicable legislation.
Error Image
If and insofar you decided to use our Error Image function, we create a copy of the technical parameters and data of your domestic appliance, a so-called „Dump-file“ in the event an error occurred. The Dump-file will help our service unit to identify errors and to provide further customer services remotely. In this context, the following personal data will be processed:
Customer number and Miele account;
appliance manufacturing number;
functional characteristics of the appliances and appliance master data;
appliances data, including
appliances usage data, containing information about appliance settings (e.g. display brightness), program settings, interactions with the user interface, sensor data (e.g. temperatures, drum speed, door status) and appliances statistics (e.g. hours of operation, counters, failures, warning notifications and error states); and
appliances status data, containing information to a specific event that the appliance generates when the status is changed (program status, program identifier, program duration, etc.);
personally identifiable features for telecommunications (e.g. IP-address).
The processing of the aforementioned data is required to fulfil the services related to our Error Image function. The legal basis for this is Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR. The data are stored by us only for a period of 3 months, unless specific cases requires longer storage period or otherwise provided for by the applicable legislation.
2.8 Appliance Statistics
For certain network-enabled domestic appliances you can activate the "Appliance Statistics" features in your Miele App. This features records your consumption and usage data and prepare it graphically in the Miele App in a dashboard (Appliance Statistics Dashboard) and an overview of the used programms (Programm History).
You can activate or deactive the features at any time in your Miele App.
If and insofar you have activated the "Appliance Statistics" features in your Miele App, the following data will be processed and will be connected to your Miele Account:
Customer number and Miele account;
Appliance manufacturing number;
Functional characteristics of the appliances and appliance master data;
Appliance usage data as well as appliance and program settings (e.g. programs, start and end time, program duration, temperature, spin speed, detergent type, extras)
Appliance sensor and consumption data (e.g. water and energy consumption values, door status)
Appliances status data, containing information to a specific event that the appliance generates when the status is changed (program status, program identifier, etc.);
Personally identifiable features for telecommunications (e.g. IP-address).
The processing of the data is required to provide you the "Appliance Statistics" features and is therefore needed to fulfil the services offered by Miele. The legal basis for this Art. 6 (1)(b) GDPR. Your data will be stored for a period of 24 months and will be automatically deleted after such period.
3. Commercial communication
If and insofar as you have given us your consent for marketing and advertising purposes, e.g. you have signed up to the e-mail newsletter, customer satisfaction surveys, app-notification, Miele  Club newsletter etc., or we are otherwise allowed to process your data for the aforementioned purposes on the legal basis of our legitimate interest, the data processing required in the context of establishing contact takes place on the legal basis of your consent, Art. 6 (1)(a) GDPR or our legitimate interest, Art. 6 (1)(f). It might be possible that commercial communication will be provided through our external service providers. These service providers act as instruction-bound processors for us. You may object the processing of your data for these purposes or revoke your consent to us at any time with effect for the future (e.g. by using the unsubscribe link included in the e-mail or write us an e-mail or letter).
3.1 Basic Personalization
If and to the extent that you have given us your consent, we will process the contact data you have provided (your e-mail address and name, phone number and/or Miele Account, if applicable) for the purpose of sending the basic commercial communication via email, SMS or the Miele Apps.
Additionally, we will process receipt and read confirmations received via the commercial communication, as well as information about the links you clicked on. If you click on a link within the commercial communication, we also process information collected by cookies about your user behaviour on the website, which you can access via a link within the commercial communication sent. We store this information about your user profile and use it to better tailor the content of our commercial communication to your personal interests. We store this personalization information for this purpose for 2 years.
As part of the basic commercial communication, we will inform you about news in the Miele range of products, events organized by Miele and customer surveys in which you can take part.
We will inform you about Miele events in the vicinity of your place of residence based on the postal code of your place of residence that you have provided.
Furthermore, we will process your interests in specific Miele products and services that you may have submitted in the context of the registration for the commercial communication.
Taking into account any Miele appliances or Miele products you may have already purchased and will purchase in the future from Miele or register and will register, (add to your Miele account), respectively, Miele tailors the subscribed commercial communication to your interests/needs. This includes, among other things, reminders of a warranty extension and the redemption of the voucher for consumables enclosed with the respective device. For that purpose we process also your order history.
Miele processes your order history (as far as relevant also retrospectively) for five years.
The legal basis for this processing is your consent, Art. 6 (1)(a) GDPR. We store the contact data and your consent for the stated purposes for five years after each use.
You can revoke your consent at any time with effect for the future. You can declare your revocation at any later time in writing (Miele Co Ltd, Fairacres, Marcham Road, Abingdon, Oxfordshire, OX14 1TW) or by email (info@miele.co.uk) without giving reasons. In addition, every e-mail sent to you contains an unsubscribe link which use also declares your revocation. In the Miele apps, there is a corresponding option to log off in the settings.
3.2 Commercial after-sales contact
If we have received your e-mail address in connection with ordering goods or services, we will also process your e-mail address in order to inform you about similar goods or services by e-mail in the future. You can request at any time that you no longer receive such informational e-mails from us (right to object). To do this, please send an e-mail to info@miele.co.uk or to the contact details given in the imprint or click on the link at the end of the information e-mail. You will not incur any costs other than the transmission costs according to the basic tariffs. Our legal basis to process your data is our legitimate interest in direct marketing to inform you about similar products and services Art. 6 (1)(f) GDPR.
4. Contact and customer service
Our Miele Apps and Miele Skills provide different ways that allow you to contact us. If you use these and contact us e.g. by e-mail, we will process the data you provided to us in order to answer your request.
We have a legitimate interest in answering your enquiries. The legal basis for the data processing is Art. (6) (1) (f) GDPR. If the purpose of your request is to conclude a contract, the legal basis is Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR.
When contacting us, data transmitted to us will be deleted after completion of your request, provided and insofar as we are not obliged to store it for reasons based on commercial and tax law.
5. Push- and In-App-notifications
We use so-called “In-App-Notifications” to send you important information concerning the Miele Apps and/or your connected domestic appliances (e.g. software update announcements).
In addition, we may send you so-called “Push-Notifications” (e.g. the status of your connected domestic appliance), if you use Miele Apps via a push-capable mobile device and only and insofar you have previously consented to the provision of push notifications. This requires that the Miele App installed on your push-capable mobile device has been assigned a pseudonymised ID (push-token) so that we can identify your mobile device or the installed Miele App and address Push-Notifications to you. You can revoke your consent in the settings of your mobile device and thus deactivate the transmission of Push-Notifications at any time. The dispatch of Push-Notifications is carried out by Google Inc., Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA and Apple Inc., One Apple park Way, Cupertino, CA 95014, USA.
6. Analysis and targeting tools
Adobe Analytics
On our Miele Apps and Miele Voice Assistants, we use the analytic services provided by Adobe Systems Software Ireland Ltd., 4-6 Riverwalk, Dublin 24, Ireland (hereinafter referred to as "Adobe").
We use the analytics services in order to track, measure and analyse your use of our Apps and Miele Voice Assistants. Based on the information provided by the analytics services, we can create statistics and reports that help us to regularly improve our Apps, Voice Assistants and further products and services. In order to do so, the analytic services process various information from your device, as follows:
App information (App ID, App version, App install source);
Device information (device category, brandname, model name, operating system, device language, device timezone);
Stream and platform information (Stream ID – information about the app stream (test, beta, prod);
User ID (randomly set but fixed for in user/app instance); and/or Device ID, depends on whether you are logged in or in the demo mode;
Session ID;
Campaign information (information about advertising campaigns);
Geo information (continent, country, region, city);
IP-address;
Event/Intent information (information to a specific event/intent including timestamp, event/intent name and event parameters).
The legal basis for the data processing is your consent, Art. (6) (1) (a) GDPR.
You may consent to or withdraw your consent regarding the collection and/or analysis of your data by Adobe Analytics by activating or deactivating the function during the registration process or in the profile settings / consent management of the Miele Apps.
The data processed by Adobe Analytics will be automatically deleted after 14 months.
For more information about Adobe Analytics please visit
https://www.adobe.com/privacy/policy.html
.
Google services
On our Miele Apps, we use various services provided by Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland (hereinafter referred to as "Google").
For more information about Google services please visit
http://www.google.com/privacy/ads/
.
Google Analytics for Google Firebase
Our Miele Apps use Google Analytics for Google Firebase for the needs-oriented design and improvement of the Miele Apps. Google Analytics for Google Firebase uses so-called cookies that are stored on your terminal and that allow an analysis of the use of the Miele Apps by you. The information generated by the cookie is usually transmitted to a Google server in the US and stored there. We use the extension of IP anonymisation (referred to as IP masking) on this website, i.e. your IP address is shortened by Google within Member States of the European Union or in the other States that are party to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be sent to a Google server in the US and shortened there.
On behalf of the operator of the Miele Apps, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the Miele Apps, to compile reports on Miele Apps activity and to provide other services related to Miele App activity and Internet usage to the website operator.
The legal basis for the data processing is your consent, Art. (6) (1) (a) GDPR.
You may consent to or withdraw your consent regarding the collection and/or analysis of your data by Google Analytics for Google Firebase by activating or deactivating the function Google Analytics for Google Firebase in the profile settings / consent management of the Miele Apps.
The data sent by us and linked to cookies, user identifiers (e.g. user ID) or advertising IDs will be automatically deleted after 14 months.
For more information about the Google Analytics for Google Firebase terms and conditions, visit
www.google.com/analytics/terms
.
7. Location of data storage
Unless otherwise expressly stated in this privacy policy, all personal data collected from you in connection with your use of our Miele@home system or with your use of the Miele Apps and Miele Skills are generally stored on servers within the territory of the European Union.  However, it might be possible that your data must be transferred und processed outside the territory of the European Union. In such event, your data will be secured by appropriate safeguards as set forth in Art. 46 (2) GDPR, in particular, but without limitation to, by the use of the Standard Contractual Clauses for the transfer of data between EU and non-EU countries (
which can be found here
).
8. Transfer of personal data
Within the context of the data processing described in this Privacy Policy, it might be possible that we transfer personal data to the following categories of recipients (in addition to the recipients expressly stated in this privacy notice):
authorized agents and other consultants (e.g. attorneys, tax accountants, auditors);
instruction-bound processor within the meaning of Art. 28 GDPR, in particular, but without limitation to, Microsoft Corporation, Redmond, USA, Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, Dublin, Ireland and MaibornWolff GmbH, Munich, Germany;
further service providers;
companies of the Miele Group (
https://www.miele.com/en/com/subsidiaries-2156.htm
);
insurance companies; and
state agencies and governmental bodies.
We only transfer personal data to third parties if and insofar it is required to fulfil our contractual obligations, in case we have or the respective third party has a legitimate interest in processing the personal data or if you have given consent to the transfer. Furthermore, we only transfer personal data to third parties if and insofar we are obligated to do so according to applicable law, regulatory action or court order.
9. Data subject rights
Data subjects have various rights under GDPR. These include in particular:
Right to information: According to Art. 15 GDPR, you can request a confirmation as to whether personal data concerning you is being processed by us. If such processing is available, you may also request further information about the processing from us. On our Miele Apps, you can check the information in your account through “Settings” – “Account Settings” – “Edit Account”.
Right to rectification: In accordance with Art. 16 GDPR, you are entitled to rectification and/or completion if the processed personal data concerning you is incorrect or incomplete. You can click “Edit” to correct the information in your account through “Settings” – “Account Settings” – “Edit Account”.
Right to restriction of processing: You may request, pursuant to Art. 18 GDPR, that the processing of your personal data be restricted.
Right to cancellation/deletion: According to Art. 17 GDPR, you also have the right under certain circumstances to demand the deletion of your personal data stored about you. You can click the “deletion” button to exercise the right in your account through “Settings” – “Account Settings” – “delete Account”. You can also exercise your right by sending an email to datenschutz@miele.de directly. You should be careful when you do so since the procedure is irrevocable.
Right to data portability: In accordance with Art. 20 GDPR, you are also entitled to receive the personal data that you have provided in a structured, common and machine-readable format and to transmit it without any obstruction from us to another controller.
10. Right of Appeal
You have the right to complain about the handling of your personal data by the data protection authority responsible for you or us.
11. Right of objection
If your personal data on the basis of legitimate interests are processed pursuant to Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR, you have the right to object to the processing of your personal data in accordance with Art. 21 GDPR, provided there are reasons for this arising from your particular situation or if your objection is based on being targeted to personal advertising. In the latter case, you have a general right of objection, which is implemented by us without any particular situation being specified.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.amazon.co.uk/gp/help/customer/display.html/ref=footer_privacy?ie=UTF8&nodeId=201909010:
Main content
Search
ALT
+
/
Basket
shift
+
ALT
+
C
Home
shift
+
ALT
+
H
Orders
shift
+
ALT
+
O
Show/Hide shortcuts
shift
+
ALT
+
Z
To move between items, use your keyboard's up or down arrows.
Find more solutions
Security and Privacy
›
Legal Policies
›
Privacy Notice
Last Updated: 1 August, 2024
To see prior version, click
here
.
We know that you care how information about you is used and shared and we appreciate
            your trust in us to do that carefully and sensibly. This Privacy Notice describes
            how we collect and process your personal information through Amazon websites, devices,
            products, services, online and physical stores, and applications that reference this
            Privacy Notice (together "Amazon Services").
Controllers of Personal Information
What Personal Information About Customers Does Amazon Europe Collect?
For What Purposes Does Amazon Europe Process Your Personal Information?
What About Cookies and Other Identifiers?
Does Amazon Europe Share Your Personal Information?
How Secure Is Information About Me?
What About Advertising?
What Information Can I Access?
What Choices Do I Have?
Are Children Allowed to Use Amazon Services?
How Long Do We Keep Your Personal Information?
EU-US and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework
EU General Data Protection Regulation and UK Data Protection Laws - Legal Basis
Contacts, Notices and Revisions
Related Practices & Information
Examples of Information Collected
1. Controllers of Personal Information
Amazon Europe Core SARL, Amazon EU SARL, and Amazon Media EU SARL, all three at 38
            avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg and Amazon Digital UK Limited of 1 Principal
            Place, Worship Street, London, EC2A 2FA, UK (together "Amazon Europe") are data controllers
            of personal information collected and processed through Amazon Services. Details can
            be found
here
.
2. What Personal Information About Customers Does Amazon Europe Collect?
We collect your personal information in order to provide and continually improve our
                  products and services.
Here are the types of personal information we collect:
Information you give us:
we receive and store any information you provide in relation to Amazon Services.
                        Click
here
to see examples of what we collect. You can choose not to provide certain information
                        but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our Amazon Services.
Automatic information:
we automatically collect and store certain types of information about your use of
                        Amazon Services including your interaction with content and services available through
                        Amazon Services. Like many websites, we use cookies and other unique identifiers and
                        we obtain certain types of information when your web browser or device accesses Amazon
                        Services and other content served by or on behalf of Amazon Europe on other websites.
                        Click
here
to see examples of what we collect.
Information from other sources:
we might receive information about you from other sources such as updated delivery
                        and address information from our carriers, which we use to correct our records and
                        deliver your next purchase more easily. Click
here
to see examples of the information we receive.
3. For What Purposes Does Amazon Europe Process Your Personal Information?
We process your personal information to operate, provide, and improve the Amazon Services
                  that we offer our customers. These purposes include:
Purchase and delivery of products and services.
We use your personal information to take and handle orders, deliver products and
                  services, process payments, and communicate with you about orders, products and services,
                  and promotional offers.
Provide, troubleshoot, and improve Amazon Services.
We use your personal information to provide functionality, analyse performance, fix
                  errors, and improve usability and effectiveness of the Amazon Services.
Recommendations and personalisation.
We use your personal information to recommend features, products, and services that
                  might be of interest to you, identify your preferences, and personalise your experience
                  with Amazon Services.
Provide voice, image and camera services
. When you use our voice, image and camera services, we process your voice input,
                  images, videos, and other personal information to respond to your requests, provide
                  the requested service to you, and improve our Amazon services. For more information
                  about Alexa voice services click
here
.
Comply with legal obligations.
In certain cases, we collect and use your personal information to comply with laws.
                  For instance, we collect from sellers information regarding place of establishment
                  and bank account information for identity verification and other purposes.
Communicate with you.
We use your personal information to communicate with you in relation to Amazon Services
                  via different channels (e.g., by phone, email, chat).
Advertising.
We use your personal information to display interest-based ads for features, products,
                  and services that might be of interest to you. To learn more, please read our
Interest-Based Ads notice
.
Fraud prevention and credit risks.
We process personal information to prevent and detect fraud and abuse in order to
                  protect the security of our customers, Amazon Europe, and others. We may also use
                  scoring methods to assess and manage credit risks.
Purposes for which we seek your consent.
We may also ask for your consent to process your personal information for a specific
                  purpose that we communicate to you. When you consent to our processing your personal
                  information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time and
                  we will stop processing of your data for that purpose.
4. What About Cookies and Other Identifiers?
We use cookies and similar tools to enhance your shopping experience, provide our
            services, understand how customers use our services so we can make improvements, and
            display ads. Approved third parties also use these tools in connection with our display
            of ads. To enable our systems to recognise your browser or device and to provide Amazon
            Services to you, we use cookies. For more information about cookies and how we use
            them, please read our
Cookies Notice
. You can manage your cookie preferences
here
.
5. Does Amazon Europe Share Your Personal Information?
Information about our customers is an important part of our business and we are not
               in the business of selling our customers' personal information to others. Amazon Europe
               shares customers' personal information only as described below and with Amazon.com,
               Inc. and the subsidiaries that Amazon.com, Inc. controls that are either subject to
               this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described
               in this Privacy Notice.
Transactions involving third parties:
We make available to you services, products, applications, or skills provided by
                        third parties for use on or through Amazon Services. For example, you can order products
                        from third parties through our stores, download applications from third-party application
                        providers from our App Store, and enable third-party skills through our Alexa services.
                        We also offer services or sell product lines jointly with third-party businesses,
                        such as co-branded credit cards. You can tell when a third party is involved in your
                        transactions and we share customer personal information related to those transactions
                        with that third party.
Third party service providers:
We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples
                        include fulfilling orders for products or services, delivering packages, sending postal
                        mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analysing data,
                        providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid
                        listings and links), processing payments, transmitting content, assessing and managing
                        credit risk, and providing customer service. These third-party service providers have
                        access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use
                        it for other purposes. Further, they must process the personal information in accordance
                        with this Privacy Notice and as permitted by applicable data protection laws.
Business transfers:
As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy other businesses or
                        services. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred
                        business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy
                        Notice (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely
                        event that Amazon.com, Inc. or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer
                        information will of course be one of the transferred assets.
Protection of Amazon Europe and others:
We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate
                        to comply with the law; enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements;
                        or protect the rights, property or safety of Amazon Europe, our users or others. This
                        includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for fraud protection
                        and credit risk reduction.
Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when personal information about
                        you might be shared with third parties and you will have an opportunity to choose
                        not to share the information.
Transfers out of the European Economic Area and the UK.
Whenever we transfer personal information to countries outside of the European Economic
            Area or the UK, we ensure that the information is transferred in accordance with this
            Privacy Notice and as permitted by the applicable laws on data protection. We rely
            on European Commission adequacy decisions or use contracts with standard safeguards
            published by the European Commission (you can ask
Customer Service
for a copy of these) and similar measures under UK laws for such transfers.
6. How Secure is Information About Me?
We design our systems with your security and privacy in mind.
We work to protect the security of your personal information during transmission by
                        using encryption protocols and software.
We follow the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) when handling
                        credit card data.
We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in connection with the
                        collection, storage and disclosure of personal customer information. Our security
                        procedures mean that we may ask you to verify your identity before we disclose personal
                        information to you.
Our devices offer security features to protect them against unauthorised access and
                        loss of data. You can control these features and configure them based on your needs.
                        Click
here
for more information on how to manage the security settings of your device.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorised access to your password and
                        to your computers, devices, and applications. We recommend using a unique password
                        for your Amazon account that is not utilized for other online accounts. Be sure to
                        sign off when you finish using a shared computer. For more information on how to sign
                        off click
here
.
7. What About Advertising?
Third-party advertisers and links to other websites:
Amazon Services may include third-party advertising and links to other websites and
                        apps. Third party advertising partners may collect information about you when you
                        interact with their content, advertising, and services. For more information about
                        third-party advertising at Amazon Europe, including interest-based ads, please read
                        our
Interest-Based Ads notice
. To adjust your advertising preferences, please go to the
Advertising Preferences page
.
Use of third-party advertising services:
We provide ad companies with information that allows them to serve you with more
                        useful and relevant Amazon ads and to measure their effectiveness. We never share
                        your name or other information that directly identifies you when we do this. Instead,
                        we use an advertising identifier like a cookie, a device identifier, or a code derived
                        from applying irreversible cryptography to other information like an email address.
                        For example, if you have already downloaded one of our apps, we will share your advertising
                        identifier and data about that event so that you will not be served an ad to download
                        the app again. While we do not share your specific shopping actions like purchases,
                        product views, or searches with ad companies, we may share an advertising identifier
                        and an estimate of the value of the ads they show you on our behalf so they can serve
                        you with more effective Amazon ads. Some ad companies also use this information to
                        serve you relevant ads from other advertisers. You can learn more about how to opt-out
                        of interest-based advertising by going to the
Advertising Preferences page
.
8. What Information Can I Access?
You can access your information, including your name, address, payment options, profile
            information, Prime membership, household settings, and purchase history in the "Your
            Account" section of the website. Click
here
for a list of examples that you can access.
9. What Choices Do I Have?
If you have any questions or objection as to how we collect and process your personal
            information, please contact our
Customer Service
. Many of our Amazon Services also include settings that provide you with options
            as to how your information is being used.
As described above, you can choose not to provide certain information but then you
                        might not be able to take advantage of many of the Amazon Services.
You can add or update certain information on pages such as those referenced in the
Information You Can Access?
section. When you update information, we usually keep a copy of the previous version
                        for our records.
If you don't want to receive e-mail or other communications from us, please adjust
                        your
Customer Communication Preferences
. If you don't want to receive in-app notifications from us, please adjust your notification
                        settings in the app or your device.
If you don't want to see interest based-ads, please adjust your
Advertising Preferences page
.
The Help feature on most browsers and devices will tell you how to prevent your browser
                        or device from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you
                        receive a new cookie or how to disable cookies altogether. Because cookies allow you
                        to take advantage of some essential features of Amazon Services, we recommend that
                        you leave them turned on. For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies,
                        you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Basket, proceed to Checkout, or
                        use any Amazon Services that require you to Sign in. For more information about cookies,
                        see our
Cookies Notice
.
You can consent to or withdraw consent from third party advertising cookies
here
.
If you want to browse our websites without linking browsing activity to your account,
                        you may do so by logging out of your account
here
and disabling cookies on your browser.
You can manage the recommendations you receive in our store
here
, remove recommendations you don't want to see
here
(select a recommendations tile for products you have not previously purchased, select
                        View All and Manage, then select the Remove Items toggle), and edit your browsing
                        history
here
.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose,
                        you may withdraw your consent at any time and we will stop any further processing
                        of your data for that purpose.
You will also be able to opt out of certain other types of data processing by updating
                        your settings on the applicable Amazon website (e.g., in "Manage Your Content and
                        Devices"), device, or application. For more information click
here
. Most non-Amazon devices also provide users with the ability to change device permissions
                        (e.g., disable/access location services, contacts). For most devices, these controls
                        are located in the device's settings menu. If you have questions about how to change
                        your device permissions on devices manufactured by third parties, we recommend you
                        contact your mobile service carrier or your device manufacturer as different devices
                        may have different permission settings.
If you are a seller, you can add or update certain information in
Seller Central
, update your account information by accessing your
Seller Account Information
, and adjust the email or other communications you receive from us by updating your
Notification Preferences
.
If you are an author, you can add or update the information you have provided in the
                        Author Portal and Author Central by accessing your accounts in the
Author Portal
and
Author Central
, respectively.
In addition, subject to applicable law, you have the right to request access to, correct,
            and delete your personal data, and to ask for data portability. You may also object
            to our processing of your personal data or ask that we restrict the processing of
            your personal data in certain instances. If you wish to do any of these things, please
            contact
Customer Service
or, to submit a data subject access request, go to
Request My Data
.
10. Are Children Allowed to Use Amazon Services?
Amazon Europe doesn't sell products for purchase by children. We sell children's products
            for purchase by adults. If you're under 18, you may use Amazon Services only with
            the involvement of a parent or guardian. For more information on how we handle personal
            information for Amazon Services intended for children under the age of 13, please
            read our
Children Privacy Notice
.
11. How Long Do We Keep Your Personal Information?
We keep your personal information to enable your continued use of Amazon Services,
            for as long as it is required in order to fulfil the relevant purposes described in
            this Privacy Notice, as may be required by law such as for tax and accounting purposes,
            or as otherwise communicated to you. For example, we retain your transaction history
            so that you can review past purchases (and repeat orders if desired) and what addresses
            you have shipped orders to, and to improve the relevancy of products and content we
            recommend.
12. EU-US and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework
Amazon.com, Inc. and certain of its controlled US
affiliates
(together, the Amazon Group Companies, or "We") participate in the EU-US Data Privacy
            Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, and Swiss-US Data
            Privacy Frameworks* regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information
            from European Union and European Economic Area member countries, the United Kingdom,
            and Switzerland. We have certified with the Department of Commerce that we adhere
            to the Data Privacy Framework Principles. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework
            Principles, see
here
.
If you have any inquiries or complaints about our handling of your personal information
            under the Data Privacy Framework, or about our privacy practices generally, please
            contact us at: eu-privacy@amazon.co.uk. We will respond to your inquiry promptly.
            If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily,
            please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge)
            at
https://www.verasafe.com/public-resources/dispute-resolution/submit-dispute/
. If neither Amazon nor our provider resolves your complaint, you may pursue binding
            arbitration through the Data Privacy Framework Panel. To learn more about the Data
            Privacy Framework Panel, see
here
.
As explained
here
we sometimes provide personal information to third parties to perform services on
            our behalf. If we transfer personal information received under the Data Privacy Framework
            to a third party, the third party's access, use, and disclosure of the personal information
            must also be in compliance with our Data Privacy Framework obligations, and we will
            remain liable under the Data Privacy Framework for any failure to do so by the third
            party unless we prove we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
You can review our Data Privacy Framework registration
here
. The Amazon Group Companies are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers
            of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). We may be required to disclose personal information
            that we handle under the Data Privacy Framework in response to lawful requests by
            public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
*
We will not rely on the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework or the UK Extension to the
               EU-US Data Privacy Framework until each enters into force, but we adhere to their
               required commitments in anticipation of their doing so.
13. EU General Data Protection Regulation and UK Data Protection Laws - Legal Basis
The EU GDPR and UK data protection laws require a legal basis for our use of personal
               information. Our basis varies depending on the specific purpose for which we use personal
               information. We use:
Performance of a contract
when we provide you with products or services, or communicate with you about them.
                        This includes when we use your personal information to take and handle orders, deliver
                        products and services, and process payments.
Our legitimate business interests and the interests of our customers
when we improve Amazon services (including when we use your voice, video, or camera
                        input to improve services), when we detect and prevent fraud and abuse in order to
                        protect the security of our customers, ourselves, or others, and when we provide you
                        with interest-based advertising.
Your consent
when we ask for your consent to process your personal information for a specific
                        purpose that we communicate to you. When you consent to our processing your personal
                        information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time and
                        we will stop processing of your data for that purpose.
Compliance with a legal obligation
when we use your personal information to comply with laws. For instance, we collect
                        seller place of establishment and bank account information for identity verification
                        purposes.
These and other legal bases
depending on the purpose for which we use personal information.
14. Contacts, Notices & Revisions
If you have any concern about privacy at Amazon Europe or want to contact one of our
            data controllers, please
Customer Service
with a thorough description and we will try to resolve the issue for you. Further,
            the data protection officer for the above mentioned data controllers can be contacted
            at eu-privacy@amazon.co.uk. You can file a complaint with our principal supervisory
            authority, the
Commission Nationale pour la Protection des Données in Luxembourg
, the
Information Commissioner's Office
, or with another local authority.
Our business changes constantly and our Privacy Notice will change also. You should
            check our website frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current
            Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account.
            We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our
            policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected
            in the past without the consent of affected customers.
15. Related Practices & Information
Conditions of Use and Sale
Help Desk
Most Recent Purchases
Your Profile and Community Guidelines
16. Examples of Information Collected
Information You Give Us When You Use Amazon Services
You provide information to us when you:
search for products or services in our stores;
place an order through Amazon Services;
download, stream, view, or use content on a device, or through a service or application
                        on a device;
provide information in
Your Account
(and you might have more than one if you have used more than one e-mail address or
                        mobile number when shopping with us) or
Your Profile
;
talk to or otherwise interact with our Alexa Voice service;
upload your contacts;
configure your settings on, provide data access permissions for, or interact with
                        an Amazon device or service;
provide information in your
Seller Account
,
Kindle Direct Publishing (KDP)
account, Developer account or any other account we make available that allows you
                        to develop or offer software, goods, or services to Amazon customers;
offer your products or services on or through Amazon Services;
communicate with us by phone, e-mail, or otherwise;
complete a questionnaire, a support ticket, or a contest entry form;
upload or stream images, videos or other files to Prime Photos, Amazon Drive, or other
                        Amazon Services;
compile Playlists, Watchlists, Wish Lists or gift registries;
Participate in community features, provide and rate
Customer Reviews
;
specify a Special Occasion Reminder; or
employ Product Availability Alerts, such as Available to Order Notifications.
As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as: your name;
                  address and phone number; payment information; your age; your location information;
                  your IP address; people, addresses and phone numbers listed in your Addresses ; e-mail
                  addresses of your friends and other people; content of reviews and e-mails to us;
                  personal description and photograph in
Your Profile
; voice recordings when you speak to Alexa; images and video collected or stored in
                  connection with Amazon Services, information and documents regarding identity and
                  standing; corporate and financial information; credit history information; VAT numbers;
                  and device log files and configurations, including Wi-Fi credentials, if you choose
                  to automatically synchronise them with your other Amazon devices.
Automatic Information
Examples of the information we collect and analyse include:
the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet;
login; e-mail address; password;
the location of your device or computer;
content interaction information, such as content downloads, streams, and playback
                        details including duration and number of simultaneous streams and downloads, and network
                        details for streaming and download quality, including information about your internet
                        service provider;
device metrics such as when a device is in use, application usage, connectivity data,
                        and any errors or event failures;
Amazon Service metrics (e.g., the occurrences of technical errors, your interactions
                        with service features and content, your settings preferences and backup information,
                        location of your device running an application, information about uploaded images
                        and files (e.g., file name, dates, times and location of your images));
version and time zone settings;
purchase and content use history, which we sometimes aggregate with similar information
                        from other customers to create features such as Best Sellers;
the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our website
                        (including date and time); cookie number; products and/ or content you viewed or searched
                        for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page
                        interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs),
phone numbers used to call our customer service number; and
images or videos when you shop in our stores using Amazon Services.
We may also use device identifiers, cookies, and other technologies on devices, applications
                  and our web pages to collect browsing, usage or other technical information for fraud
                  prevention purposes.
Information From Other Sources
Examples of information we receive from other sources include:
updated delivery and address information from our carriers or other third parties,
                        which we use to correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication
                        more easily;
account information, purchase or redemption information and page-view information
                        from some merchants with which we operate co-branded businesses or for which we provide
                        technical, fulfillment, advertising or other services;
information about your interactions with products and services offered by our subsidiaries;
search results and links, including paid listings (such as Sponsored Links);
information about internet-connected devices and services that you've linked with
                        Alexa; and
credit history information from credit bureaus, which we use to help prevent and detect
                        fraud and to offer certain credit or financial services to some customers.
Information You Can Access
Examples of information you can access through Amazon Services include:
status of recent orders (including subscriptions);
your complete order history;
personally identifiable information (including name, e-mail, password, communications
                        and personalised advertising preferences, address book and 1-Click settings);
payment settings (including payment card information and gift voucher, gift card and
                        cheque balances);
e-mail notification settings (including Product Availability Alerts, Deliveries, Special
                        Occasion Reminders, and newsletters);
recommendations and the products you recently viewed that are the basis for recommendations
                        (including Recommended for You and Improve Your Recommendations);
shopping lists and gift registries (including Wish Lists and Baby and Wedding Registries);
your content, devices, services, and related settings, and communications and interest-based
                        advertising preferences;
content that you recently viewed;
voice recordings associated with your account;
Your Profile (including your product Reviews, Recommendations, Reminders and personal
                        profile).
If you are a seller, you can access your account and other information, and adjust
                        your communications preferences, by updating your account in
Seller Central
.
If you are an author, you can access your account and other information, and update
                        your account, on the
Kindle Direct Publishing (KDP)
or
Author Central
website, as applicable.
If you are a developer participating in our Developer Services Program, you can access
                        your account and other information, and adjust your communications preferences, by
                        updating your account in the Developer Services Portal, developers.amazon.com.
Was this information helpful?
Yes
No
Thank you for your feedback.
Please select what best describes the information:
This information is confusing or wrong
This isn't the information I was looking for
I don't like this policy
Submit
Thanks. While we're unable to respond directly to your feedback, 
	we'll use this information to improve our online Help.
‹
All help topics
Legal Policies
Conditions of Use & Sale
Privacy Notice
Amazon Anti-Counterfeiting Policy
Non-Exhaustive List of Amazon Trademarks
Previous versions of Legal policies
Miscellaneous Reporting
Children's Privacy Notice
Fair Use Policy
Human Rights and Environmental Grievances
Communications with Amazon Employees
3rd Party Licensing Notice
Quick solutions
Your orders
                                            Track and return orders
Your orders
Track and return orders
Returns and refunds
                                            Return or exchange items
Returns and refunds
Return or exchange items
Carrier info
                                            Delivery carrier information
Carrier info
Delivery carrier information
Manage Prime
                                            Cancel or view benefits
Manage Prime
Cancel or view benefits
Payment settings
                                            Add or edit payment methods
Payment settings
Add or edit payment methods
Account settings
                                            Change email or password
Account settings
Change email or password
Sub-policy 1
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 2
https://policies.google.com/privacy%20and%20https://payments.google.com/payments/apis-secure/get_legal_document?ldo=0&ldt=privacynotice&ldl=de:
404.
That’s an error.
The requested URL was not found on this server.
That’s all we know.
Sub-policy 3
https://whisk.com/policy/privacy/:
English (UK)
Deutsch
Español
Español Mexicano
Italiano
Français
한국어
隐私政策
Updated on 11th March 2025
This privacy notice (our “Policy“) describes how Foodient Ltd. (a UK company) (“we”, “our” or “us”) collects and processes your personal data with regards to Samsung Food. How we use your personal data will depend on the particular service we are providing and the nature of your relationship with us.
If you are a representative of a company (a “Business Representative“) who accesses our services via the website
samsungfood.com
or has a commercial relationship with us (a “Partner“), then we may collect your contact details (and limited other personal data about you). This data may be used by us in order to administer our relationship, provide you with access to our services and systems, and send you our regular newsletter. Any information provided in this Policy that is relevant for our Business Representatives is marked as such.
If you are an individual (a “Consumer“) who accesses our services via our website,
app.samsungfood.com
through any of our Partners’ websites or through our mobile application, “Samsung Food Shopping List & Recipes” (the “Application“), then we may collect personal data that fall within various categories (see our “
Data we collect
” section). The purposes for which we may use your data are described in the “
How we use your data
” section. All information provided in this Policy, unless otherwise specified, is relevant to our Consumers.
This Policy applies to all personal data we collect or process about you in the context of your use of our services. Foodient Ltd. is the data controller for the processing of personal data.
Data we collect
We may collect the following personal data from you:
Personal details
Authentication data
Profile information, if you setup an account with us
Information you voluntarily provide about yourself, such as food, dietary, and nutritional preferences
Data relating to your use of our services
Your device’s geo-location when accessing our services
Contacts Information
Grocery data
Advertising data
Third Party Accounts Data
Health data
Samsung Rewards Transaction data
Samsung Promotions Data
Further information
Personal Details: including your name, telephone number, email address and the content of any correspondence between you and us. This category is relevant for our Business Representatives and Consumers.
Authentication Data: including your username and password when you log in via the Application, and the equivalent details as well as an authentication token in respect of your accounts with any third party websites who have integrated our platform (for example, grocery retailers and social media sites). This category is relevant for our Business Representatives and Consumers.
Profile Data: information that you add to any profile that you create through our website or our Application, including any photos you upload and information about yourself.
Food Preference Data: including information relating to diets, foods you avoid, lifestyle choices, cuisine choices, nutritional goals and grocery shopping patterns and preferences.
Usage Data: including information relating to your visits to our website and Application and the websites of our Partners (such as shopping lists you create, recipe interactions and time spent on each page of the Application), IP address, domain name, URI address (uniform resource identifier) and grocery transactions that you may complete via our services.
Location Data: including device location data and the IP address of your device.
Contacts Information: information collected from your mobile device and/or social 12 networking accounts provided that you have elected to do so.
Grocery Data: information relating to any products that you select from a shopping list for purchase from a third party retail site.
Health Data: information relating to your health status including your height, weight, activity levels, body mass index and any allergies or dietary preferences you may have.
Advertising Data: information relating to your advertising preferences, such as information about your preferences in receiving marketing materials from us and our third parties, and your communication preferences.
Third-Party Accounts Data: Foodient Ltd. allows you to sign up to, log in to or (in some instances such as Samsung and Samsung Health) share data with Samsung Food using accounts that you have created with third-party products and services including Facebook, Google, or Apple (together “Third-Party Accounts”). Where you access or interact with the Samsung Food services using Third-Party Accounts, we will collect information that you have agreed to make available such as your name, email address, profile information and preferences (“Third-Party Accounts Data”). This information is collected by the relevant Third-Party Account provider and is provided to us under their terms and policies. You may be able to control the information that we receive from these sources using the privacy settings in the relevant Third-Party Account.
Samsung Rewards Transaction data: When Samsung Rewards points are used to purchase Samsung Food products or services, information related to your Rewards account such as GUID, points accumulated, account country code and account creation date.
Samsung Promotions Data: Foodient Ltd may from time to time offer promotions relating to our services when you redeem or participate in such promotion, information related to your purchase of Samsung products (e.g. purchase receipt), residential address, billing address, credit card details.
How we collect your data
We collect some of the personal data described above directly from you for a number of different purposes, as detailed in the “
How we use your data
” section below.
We collect your personal data indirectly via the websites of our Partners who have integrated our platform (i.e., the shopping list function) in order to provide you with a seamless food shopping experience and from any social media sites through which you access our services. We also collect information about you from other Consumers such as when they like (or equivalent), comment on, review or rate your recipes or where they choose to share their Contact Information to us.
In addition, we collect personal data about you via automated means, such as from cookies and similar tools as you use our services.
A cookie is simply a piece of text, which can be placed on the browser of your personal computer or mobile device and subsequently read as you visit a website. Some of the cookies we deploy are strictly necessary to provide the services, whereas others (such as those which relate to targeted advertising) are not. You have a choice about whether or not to accept these non-essential cookies.
Further information on the types of cookies we use and the personal data we use them to collect can be found in our
Cookie Policy
.
How we use your data
We may use the data you provide to us for the following purposes:
Provide you with our services and maintain them
Perform data analytics to understand food trends, build a profile of your preferences and improve our services
To make suggestions about recipes and products that we think will match your preferences
Provide targeted advertising to you or to use your data for targeted advertising purposes
To send you news, special offers and marketing
To send our Business Representatives our newsletter
Assist you in purchasing groceries from selected retailers
Review and improve our services
Provide Business Representatives with access to third party services provided to us
Defend ourselves against legal claims
For example, when you select a recipe from a website belonging to one of our Partners, you will be able to log into your account with us and create a shopping list via our integrated platform. If you decide to buy the items on your list, then we will transfer your selected grocery products for purchase to the third party grocery website of your choice, using Authentication Data to verify your identity and your Location Data to suggest appropriate grocery retailers.
Foodient Ltd. processes personal data for the purposes described above. Our legal basis to process personal data includes processing that is: necessary for the performance of the contract between you and Foodient (for example, to provide you with the Samsung Food services and to identify and authenticate you so you may use certain services); necessary to comply with legal requirements (for example, to defend ourselves against legal claims or to make mandatory disclosures to law enforcement); necessary for our legitimate interests (for example, perform data analytics to understand food trends, build a profile of your preferences and improve our Samsung Food services); and based on obtaining your separate consent (for example, to communicate with you about our products and services and provide you with marketing information, as well as where we process your personal data as a result of any consent you have provided in connection with any cookies we deploy), which may subsequently be withdrawn at any time by contacting us as specified in the
Contact Us
section of this Privacy Policy without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
Please see the table below for further detail on each of these purposes.
Further information
Purpose
Categories Of Personal Data
Providing you with our services and maintaining them, including:
– Setting up an account with us when you download our Application
– Verify your identity when you login to use our services
– Managing your profile and preferences on the Application (e.g. to publicise your profile and save your favourite recipes)
– Connecting you to your contacts and other Consumers (e.g. when you like (or equivalent), comment, review, rate or interact with other contacts and other Consumers via the conversation function)
– Facilitating your purchasing of groceries from third party retailers through our services
– Providing customer support (e.g. when you have issues logging into or using our services)
– Notifying you about changes to our services.
– Creating healthy meal recommendations, meal plans with nutrition insights and food diaries
– Facilitating your redemption of a promotion
Personal Details
Authentication Data
Profile Data
Food Preference Data
Health Data
Usage Data
Location Data
Contacts Information
Samsung Promotions Data
Data analytics, including:
– Creating reports to provide our Partners with aggregated and anonymous information about how users interact with their sites (e.g. popularity of certain recipes or food types by region)
– Providing you with product suggestions that are sometimes sponsored and sometimes just our recommendations based on your previous purchases, shopping lists and favourite recipes
– Providing aggregated and anonymised trend reports to third parties
– Improving your experience of our services by using your data to enhance our technologies (e.g. through machine learning algorithms)
Personal Details
Profile Data
Food Preference Data
Usage Data
Location Data
Contacts Information
Third-Party Accounts Data
Providing targeted online advertising, including:
– Offering you recipe, product or retailer suggestions that reflect your preferences and suit your location
– Make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods and/or services that may be of interest to you, deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you and to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising.
– Collect and pass to third parties advertising-specific identifiers unless you have opted out of ad-tracking for your device. If you wish to opt-out of ad tracking, you can reset your unique identifier by following the process set out at
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads?hl=en
to dis-associate any of your data collected for marketing purposes before you opted-out.
Personal Details
Authentication Data
Food Preference Data
Usage Data
Location Data
Device information
Advertising identifiers (e.g. AAID, IDFA)
Sending you news, special offers and marketing, including:
– Providing you with details of special offers and general information about other goods via email
Personal Details
Profile Data
Food Preference Data
Usage Data
Location Data
Sending our Business Representatives our newsletter
Personal Details
Usage Data
Assisting you in purchasing groceries from selected retailers
– Transferring your shopping list to your preferred supermarkets at your request
Personal Details
Authentication Data
Profile Data
Grocery Data
Reviewing and improving our services, including:
– Monitoring and tracking the usage of our services
– Gathering valuable information so that we can improve our services
– Detecting, preventing and addressing technical issues
Personal Details
Profile Data
Usage Data
Food Preference Data
Location Data
Defending ourselves against legal claims that we may receive
Personal Details
Authentication Data
Profile Data
Food Preference Data
Usage Data
Location Data
Samsung Promotions Data
Contacts Information
Third-Party Accounts Data
We sometimes process your personal data using a combination of machine learning and other AI techniques to evaluate information about you that we receive from the sources described under our “
How we collect your data
” section above. This is known as profiling and it helps us to build our understanding of your preferences in order to provide you with the best service we can. For example, we may analyse information relating to your purchases of a particular product to suggest similar products that you may be interested in buying via targeted advertising.
Depending on the purpose for which we are using your data, we may rely on various legal grounds for processing. In some cases, we will seek your explicit consent, in others we may rely on our legitimate interests or it may be necessary in order to perform our contract with you.
Extra conditions for special category data
Where we are processing your special category data, such as your Health Data, we will obtain your explicit consent to enable us to process such data.
You can withdraw your consent for us to process your special category data by contacting our Data Protection Officer using the details set out in the ‘Contact Us’ section of this Privacy Policy.
How long we keep your data for
We will retain your personal data for as long as required to fulfill the purpose for which the data were collected, having regard to a range of applicable criteria, including the on-going relationship we have with you, the completion of the purpose for which the data was originally given, our own legal obligations and requirements, the type and size of the data held or our accounting requirements in relation to the data. For example, we will retain the Personal details that you provide when you open an account via our Application until you choose to delete your account. We may then in any event need to retain those Personal details for a period in order to defend ourselves against legal claims.
We use session and long-lived cookies on our websites and Application. Personal data that are collected by session cookies that are strictly necessary for purposes relating to fundamental website or Application functionality will be retained for a matter of minutes. Personal data that are collected by long-lived cookies may be retained for up to two years, depending on the purpose.
We will delete personal data once the relevant retention period expires. After such date, you will not be able to exercise some of your rights over your personal data that are described below. In general, we keep the length of time that we hold your personal data for under review. These reviews take place annually.
Who we share your data with
We may share your personal data with third parties under the following circumstances:
Service providers: we may share your personal data with service providers who perform services on our behalf, including assisting us with data analytics, IT management, hosting and improving our services. For a full and maintained list of our service providers, please
click here
. You can find more detail on the types of services these third parties provide to us by clicking “
Further Information
” at the end of this section.
Partner companies: this includes grocery retailers, recipe publishers, digital health applications, social media sites, providers of ‘internet of things’ technologies and third party advertising networks who advertise on our website. For a full and maintained list of our Partners, please
click here
.
Third-Party Accounts: we enable you to share your personal data with the relevant Third-Party Account(s) that integrate with the Samsung Food Services. Information collected by Third-Party Accounts is subject to their terms and policies. Samsung Food is not responsible for the terms or policies of any Third-Party Account.
Restructuring: we may share your personal data during the course of business negotiations and transactions (for example, an acquisition, merger or financing) to the extent necessary to facilitate the restructuring.
Where required by law: we may share your personal data with law enforcement agencies, courts, other government authorities or other third parties where we believe necessary to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation, or otherwise to protect our rights or the rights of any third party.
Further information
We use third party service providers to assist us with the following:
Analytics: to monitor and analyze web traffic, to assess the popularity of specific pages and to keep track of your behavior when using our services.
Infrastructure monitoring: to monitor the use and behavior of our services’ components so that performance, maintenance and troubleshooting can be improved.
Traffic optimisation and distribution: to allow the services to distribute their content using servers located across different countries and optimize their performance.
Content performance and features testing: to track and analyze your responses in relation to web traffic or behavior regarding changes to the structure, text or any other component of the services.
Hosting and backend infrastructure: to host data and files that enable the services to run and be distributed, as well as to provide a ready-made infrastructure to run specific features or parts of the services.
Managing contacts and sending messages: to manage our database of contact information to communicate with you, and also to collect information relating to your interaction with such communications.
User database management: to build user profiles using personal data you provide to us, as well as to track your activities through analytics features. In the case of Business Representatives: we may also match the personal data you provide with publicly available information about you to build private profiles that we use for user support operations and for improving our services.
Personalized advertising: to use third party service providers to assist us with the delivery of targeted advertising
Where we might send your data
Your personal data may be transferred to and processed in a country that is not regarded as providing the same level of protection for personal data as the laws of your home country, including, for example and without limitation to the United Kingdom and the United States.
Where possible, we have sought to put in place appropriate safeguards (such as contractual commitments) in accordance with applicable legal requirements to provide adequate protections for your personal data. For more information on the appropriate safeguards in place and to obtain a copy of such safeguards, please contact us at the contact information set out below.
How we keep your data secure
We engage Google Cloud to store your personal data within the European Economic Area (“EEA“). We have also implemented appropriate technical and organizational controls to ensure that your personal data are processed securely, such as encryption and authentication during transfer. However, no method of transmission over the internet or of electronic storage is fully secure, and as such, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Further information on how we keep your personal data secure can be found in our
security policy
.
Your rights over your personal data
You can withdraw any consent you have given us at any time and we will stop using your data for the purpose that consent was granted. You can also contact us at any time to request :
Access to any personal data we hold about you.
That personal data we hold about you be updated, rectified or blocked.
That we delete personal data we hold about you.
That we restrict our processing of your personal data.
That we provide you or a third party with a copy of certain personal data about you (referred to as the right of “data portability”).
That you object to the processing of personal data we hold about you.
There may be situations where it is not possible for us to grant you these rights or we are not required by law to do so. For example, where restricting the processing of your personal data would impede a criminal investigation. As such, the rights described in the bullet points above are not absolute.
Contact Us
If you have questions or concerns regarding the way in which your personal data has been used, please contact our data protection officer, Nick Holzherr, at
support@samsungfood.com
. You can also contact us by post at:
Foodient Ltd. (company number: 08001091)
Attn: Nick Holzherr – Data Protection Officer
483 Green Lanes, London, N13 4BS
We are committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any complaint or concern about your privacy. If, however, you believe that we have not been able to assist with your complaint or concern, you have the right to make a complaint to the data protection regulator of your country of residence.
Changes to the Policy
We may modify or update this privacy notice from time to time. If we make any revisions that materially change the ways in which we process your personal data, we will notify you of these changes by email.
Links to other websites
This policy only applies to us. If you link to another website from our website, you should remember to read and understand that website’s privacy policy as well. We do not control unconnected third party websites and are not responsible for any use of your personal data that is made by unconnected third party websites.
ADDITIONAL CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY DISCLOSURES
Effective: January 1, 2020
This California Consumer Privacy Statement (the “Statement”) supplements the
Samsung Food Privacy Policy
. It applies solely to California consumers and addresses personal information we collect online and offline.
This Statement uses certain terms that have the meaning given to them in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 and its implementing regulations (the “CCPA”).
Notice to California Residents
Notice of Collection and Use of Personal Information
We may collect the following categories of personal information about you:
Identifiers: identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier (such as a device identifier; cookies, beacons, pixel tags, mobile ad identifiers and similar technology; customer number, unique pseudonym, or user alias; telephone number and other forms of persistent or probabilistic identifiers), online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, account name, and other similar identifiers
Protected Classifications: such as characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as age and sex
Commercial Information: commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, and other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies
Biometric Information: such as such as keystroke patterns or rhythms, voice recordings, an individual’s behavioural characteristics, or other data used to establish individual identity
Online Activity: Internet and other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with websites, applications or advertisements
Geolocation Data: such as precise physical location or movements and travel patterns
Sensory Information: audio, electronic, visual, and similar information
Inferences: inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a profile about you reflecting your preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behaviour, attitudes, intelligence, abilities and aptitudes.
How we use your data is described in this policy. We may also use the categories of personal information listed above for certain business or commercial purposes, as described in this list:
performing services, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, providing advertising or marketing services, providing analytics services, or providing similar services;
auditing related to a current interaction with you and concurrent transactions, including, but not limited to, counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance;
short-term, transient use, including, but not limited to, the contextual customization of ads shown as part of the same interaction;
detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity;
debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;
undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration; and
undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us.
Prior Collection, Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
We may have collected and used your personal information, as described in Section 1 above, during the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this Statement. For the personal information collected during that timeframe, we describe below: (a) the categories of sources from which we may have obtained the personal information, (b) the categories of personal information we may have sold, and (c) the categories of personal information we may have disclosed for a business purpose.
Sources of Personal Information
Where we may have obtained your data is described in the
Samsung Food Privacy Policy
. We may have also obtained personal information about you from various other sources, including:
from you or your devices, for example, through your use of our services (both via our website and applications and via the websites of our Partners who have integrated our platform;
our affiliates and subsidiaries;
internet service providers;
data analytics providers;
government entities and other public sources;
operating systems and platforms;
data brokers and other data providers;
credit agencies or bureaus;
vendors who provide services on our behalf;
social media networks; and
online advertising companies.
Sale of Personal Information
We may allow certain third parties (such as advertising partners) to collect your personal information. You have the right to opt out of this disclosure of your information, as detailed below.
Under the CCPA, a “sale” means providing personal information to a third party for valuable consideration, which may include several forms of common sharing practices. It does not necessarily mean money was exchanged for the transfer of such personal information. The following table lists the categories of personal information we may have “sold” during the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this Statement and the categories recipients:
Category of Personal Information Sold
Categories of Recipients
Identifiers
Customer Records
Internet Usage Information
Inferences derived from Personal Information
our affiliates and subsidiaries;
vendors who provide services on our behalf;
professional services organizations, such as auditors and law firms;
our joint marketing partners;
our business partners;
advertising networks;
internet service providers;
data analytics providers;
government entities;
operating systems and platforms;
social networks;
and consumer data resellers.
Disclosure of Personal Information for a Business Purpose
The following table lists the categories of personal information we may have disclosed for a business purpose in the past 12 months and the categories of recipients:
Category of Personal Information Disclosed for a Business Purpose
Categories of Recipients
Identifiers
Customer Records
Personal Characteristics or Traits
Customer Account Details / Commercial InformationInternet Usage Information
Geolocation Data
Inferences derived from Personal Information
our affiliates and subsidiaries;
vendors who provide services on our behalf;
professional services organizations, such as auditors and law firms;
our joint marketing partners;
our business partners;
advertising networks;
internet service providers;
data analytics providers;
government entities;
operating systems and platforms;
social networks;
and consumer data resellers.
California Consumer Privacy Rights
Effective as of January 1, 2020, California consumers have certain choices regarding our use and disclosure of personal information, as described below.
Access: You have the right to request, twice in a 12-month period, that we disclose to you the personal information we have collected, used, disclosed and sold about you during the past 12 months.
Deletion: You have the right to request that we delete certain personal information we have collected from you.  Note that we are not required to delete personal information that is needed for a number of purposes.
Opt-Out of Sale: You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information.
Non-discrimination: You have the right to non-discrimination based on the exercise of your privacy rights.
Shine the Light Request: You also may have the right to request that we provide you with (1) a list of certain categories of personal information we have disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year and (2) the identity of those third parties.  Foodient Ltd. does not share personal information with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes without your consent or without giving you an opportunity to opt out of such sharing.
How to Submit a Request: To submit an access or deletion request, a Shine the Light request, or to opt-out of the sale of your personal information, email us at
support@samsungfood.com
.  In your email please let us know if you have a Samsung Food account as well as any email accounts that may be associated with your personal information.
Verifying Requests: To help protect your privacy and maintain security, we will take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with your request. If you have a Samsung Food account, we may verify your identity by requiring you to sign in to your account. If you do not have a Samsung Food account, or an email address or phone number on file with us, or if the information you provide does not match what is in our records, then we may not be able to process your request, as there is no reasonable method by which we can verify your identity to the level of certainty required by the CCPA. Accordingly, if you do not have an account with us, or an email address on file, and you request access to or deletion of your personal information, we may not be able to process your request at this time.  If you are an authorized agent or parent/guardian making a request on behalf of a consumer or your child, we may require and request additional information to verify that you are authorized to make that request.
Additional Information: To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request. We reserve the right to deny your request if we cannot verify your identity or an exemption applies.  In addition, depending on the nature of your request and the risk of fraud, we may not be able to fulfill it.  Where we deny your request in whole or in part, we will inform you of the denial, provide an explanation of our actions, and the reason(s) for the denial.  In the event your request is incomplete or deficient, we will endeavor to inform you how it may be corrected.
Do Not Track: California law requires us to let you know how we respond to web browser Do Not Track (DNT) signals. Do Not Track (“DNT”) features that allow you to tell a website not to track you.  Because there currently is not an industry or legal standard for recognizing or honoring DNT signals, we do not respond to them at this time.
🍪 We value your privacy
We use cookies to make your browsing experience sweeter! Cookies help us analyze traffic and show you personalized content. By clicking “accept all” you’re giving us permission to treat you to a cookie or two. Read our full
Cookie Policy.
We use cookies to make Samsung Food work, but we also have some optional cookies which make it even more awesome. Accepting optional cookies helps us personalize your experience and load the site at lightning speed. We don’t use these cookies to share your personal information or sell it to anyone. Accepting them just helps you get the best from Samsung Food. Read our full
Cookie Policy.
Customize
Reject All
Accept All
Essential
Essential cookies keep us up and running! They're used for secure logins and other basic functions so you can use Samsung Food.
Cookie
__cfduid
Duration
30 days
Description
Cloudflare cookie that helps detect malicious visitors and minimizes blocking legitimate users.
Cookie
_whsk
Duration
365 days
Description
Cookie Consent Policy status. We use it to store users choice when then accept, reject or customize their consent.
Cookie
whisk.OAUTH_DATA
Duration
365 days
Description
Main user authentication token, used to get data from Samsung Food APIs.
Cookie
sessionId
Duration
365 days
Description
Used to identify existing users across Samsung Food apps and silently authorize them.
Cookie
__zlcmid
Duration
365 days
Description
This cookie, which is essential for Samsung Food customer support service, is set by Zendesk to aid in identifying a user's chat session across page loads.
Cookie
whisk.sdk.cookietest
Duration
Session
Description
Used to check if cookies are enabled when opening Save Recipe / Add to Cart widget.
Cookie
wco.check-same-site
Duration
Session
Description
Used to check if cookies are enabled on Samsung Food web app.
Cookie
_grecaptcha
Duration
Infinity
Description
We use Google reCAPTCHA for secure auth and spam protection.
Non-essential
We use non-essential cookies to enhance site performance and speed for you. They also help us understand how people use the Samsung Food site so we can improve it for everyone.
Cookie
_ga_
Duration
2 years
Description
The purpose of this Google Analytics cookie is to identify unique users, store and count pageviews.
Cookie
_gid
Duration
1 day
Description
Used to identify the user and it expires in 24 hours.
Cookie
_gat_
Duration
1 min
Description
Used to throttle the request rate, providing basic protection from bots.
Cookie
amplitude_
Duration
10 years
Description
Used by Amplitude for session tracking for analytical purposes.
Cookie
ab.storage.deviceId
Duration
1 year
Description
Randomly-generated string used to identify anonymous users, and to differentiate users devices and enables device-based messaging.
Cookie
ab.storage.sessionId
Duration
1 year
Description
Randomly-generated string used to determine whether the user is starting a new or existing session to sync messages and calculate session analytics.
Cookie
ab.storage.userId
Duration
1 year
Description
Used to determine whether the currently logged-in user has changed and to associate events with the current user.
Cookie
NPS_
Duration
3 months
Description
Randomized number used to detect when users saw NPS popup last time and protect from bots.
Cookie
whisk.ONLINE_CHECKOUT
Duration
1 year
Description
Used to store region, zip and active inventory for users who used Samsung Food Shopping List Publisher extension on various websites.
Marketing
Marketing cookies are what personalizes your Samsung Food experience and helps you see content you care about. Turning these off doesn't disable adverts, but will make your adverts less customized.
Cookie
_gcl_au
Duration
90 days
Description
This cookie is used for "Conversion Linker" functionality - it takes information in ad clicks and stores it in a cookie so that conversions can be attributed outside the landing page.
Sub-policy 4
https://www.adobe.com/privacy/policy.html:
Adobe Privacy Center
Overview
Adobe Privacy Policy
Cookies
GDPR
CCPA
Law Enforcement
Younger Users
Contact Us
Your Privacy Choices
.
Adobe Privacy Policy
Last updated: June 18, 2024
The Adobe Privacy Policy describes the privacy practices of Adobe’s Services and Software (as defined in our General
Terms of Use)
and anywhere we display or reference this policy.
If you are a resident of North America, your relationship is with Adobe Inc. (Adobe U.S.) and the laws of California and the United States apply.
If you reside outside of North America, your relationship is with Adobe Systems Software Ireland Limited (Adobe Ireland), which is the controller with regard to your personal information collected by Adobe, and the laws of Ireland apply.
Please note that in order to use our Services and Software, you acknowledge that Adobe will transfer your personal information across national borders and to other countries where Adobe and its partners and providers operate, including the United States. The privacy protections and rights of authorities to access your information in these countries may not be equivalent to those in your country. We will only transfer your personal information to these countries where permitted to do so by law and we will take steps intended to ensure that your personal information continues to receive appropriate protections. For more information, please see the section “
Does Adobe transfer my personal information across national borders?
”
If the content or information that you store in Adobe Services and Software contains personal information of other individuals, you must be legally permitted to disclose the personal information to Adobe.
Summary of Key Points
At Adobe we take data privacy seriously. We believe in transparency so you can control your data and make informed choices about how it is used. We are here to support and protect your privacy decisions wherever you use our products and services. Adobe prioritizes your control over the data you store in the cloud in the following ways:
This policy explains when we process personal information for our legitimate interests. You can ask us to stop processing this information.
Learn more about your rights and how you can exercise them.
This policy also explains when we will first get your consent before processing your personal information, including when doing so is required by law.
We use your personal information to enable you to register with Adobe and to provide you with our Services and Software, and other products or services that you request.
We provide interactive features that engage with social media sites, such as Facebook. If you use these features, these sites will send us personal information about you.
We use cookies and other technologies to track the use of our Services and Software. To learn about opportunities to choose not to allow cookies, click
here
. If you are using our website in a browser, this information is also available in our
Cookies Policy
.
There are several places within Adobe’s Services and Software that allow you to post comments, upload pictures, or submit content which will be publicly available where you choose to participate in these activities. We also disclose personal information to other companies in the Adobe family and with advertising and sales partners consistent with your choices. We also disclose information with third parties we engage to process personal information on our behalf or when such sharing is required by law, or in certain other situations.
We transfer your personal information to the US and other countries, which may be outside the country in which you live. We use government-approved contractual clauses such as European Commission approved Standard Contractual Clauses to help protect your personal information.
What does this privacy policy cover?
What information does Adobe collect about me?
How does Adobe use the information it collects about me, and what are the legal bases for these uses?
Does Adobe disclose my personal information to others?
Is my personal information displayed anywhere within Adobe's apps or websites?
Is my personal information secure?
Where does Adobe store my personal information?
Does Adobe transfer my personal information across national borders?
What rights do I have regarding my personal information and how can I exercise these?
What rights do I have in my state?
Withdrawing consent or otherwise objecting to direct marketing
What information is collected by companies using Adobe Experience Cloud solutions?
How long does Adobe retain my information?
Can children use Adobe websites and apps?
Will this privacy policy change?
Who can I contact with questions or concerns?
What does this privacy policy cover?
This privacy policy describes how Adobe (also referred to as "we," "us" or "our") will make use of your information in the context of:
Adobe websites; web-based services such as Behance; and web-based aspects of the Creative Cloud, Document Cloud and Experience Cloud (together referred to as "websites");
Services that display or include a reference to this policy;
Adobe’s marketing, sales, and advertising practices; and
The privacy practices of previously acquired companies, unless otherwise noted here.
Please note that websites and apps provided by some companies acquired by Adobe may operate under their own privacy policies until their privacy practices are integrated with Adobe's privacy practices. For a current list of these companies, click
here
. Additional privacy-related information for certain Adobe Services and Software can be found in the table below:
Adobe® Digital Editions
Acrobat Sign
Adobe Stock
Adobe Fonts
Flash® Player
Adobe Express Local Ambassador Program
Acrobat
Please also see the
Adobe Terms of Use
and any additional Terms of Use or
Product License Agreements
that may apply to the Services and Software you are using.
What information does Adobe collect about me?
Adobe ID, registration, and customer support
When you register to use an Adobe Service, create an Adobe ID, purchase a license to our Services and Software, or contact us for support or other offerings, Adobe collects information that identifies you. This includes:
Identifiers and contact information, such as:
Name;
Email address;
Telephone number;
Postal or Physical Address;
Country;
Commercial and transaction information, such as:
Payment/billing information (where an app or website is 'paid for');
Licenses purchased;
Eligibility information (e.g., student or teacher identification for student and teacher editions of apps);
Content of and information provided through customer support and other communications (e.g., recorded customer and technical support calls and stored content of your correspondence with us via our website, chat features, phone and video calls, emails, and other channels);
Types of Services and Software of interest.
Professional, education or other demographic information, such as:
Date of birth;
Company or school name;
Title;
Occupation;
Job function;
Expertise;
Company details, such as the size, industry, and other information about the company where a user may work (when the user has provided the company name);
Analytics or other electronic network activity, such as:
IP address;
Browser;
Mobile Device ID;
Browser extensions connected to your Adobe accounts.
Inferred Information
To help keep our databases current and to provide you the most relevant content and experiences, we may infer or generate information based on the information we collect or combine information provided by you with information from third party sources, in accordance with applicable law. For example, the size, industry, and other information about the company you work for (where you have provided company name) will be obtained from sources including, professional networking sites and information service providers. We may also infer, generate, or collect and receive information from third parties, including partners, and from publicly accessible sources, for purposes that include to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraudulent, deceptive or illegal activity, misuse of our Services and Software, security or technical issues, as well as to protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Adobe and our employees, our users, children, or the public.
Adobe Services and Software
We collect information you provide to us (e.g., when you access and use our Services and Software) or permit us to collect (e.g., as part of a third-party integration). We also collect or generate information about how you access and use our Services and Software, including when you use a desktop or mobile app feature that takes you online (such as a photo syncing feature). Depending on the Services and Software you access and use, this information may be associated with your device or browser or it may be associated with your Adobe account or content. It includes:
Analytics or other electronic network activity, such as:
IP address;
Browser and device information, including browser and device type, settings, unique identifiers, version, language settings, and configuration;
Webpage that led you to an Adobe website;
Search terms entered into a search engine which led you to an Adobe website;
Use and navigation of Services and Software, including how you interact with Adobe websites (collected through cookies and similar technologies, or by Adobe servers when you are logged into the app or website);
Analysis of your use and navigation of the Services and Software;
Analysis of your content subject to your opt-out and consent rights.
Professional, Education or other demographic information, such as:
Profile information (e.g., account profile, public profile, Behance profile).
Commercial and transaction information, such as:
Content that includes personal information which is sent or received using an online feature of Adobe Services and Software, or which is stored on Adobe servers, such as documents, photos, videos, activity logs, direct feedback from you, metadata about your content, user generated requests such as search terms, prompts (e.g., text, images, videos, audio, etc.), inquiries, feedback, and other information you may disclose when you access or use our Services and Software as well as any information the Services and Software returns in response to such requests.
Sensitive personal information, such as:
Biometric identifiers or information as defined under US laws (e.g., faceprints and voiceprints from your user Content, as defined in the
Adobe General Terms of Use
) and precise geolocation. Where required by law, we will seek any required permissions from you prior to any such collection. See the "Adobe acting on your behalf" and "How we analyze your content to deliver features requested by you" sections below for more information.
The following links provide further information on:
Adobe product improvement program
;
Usage Data FAQ: Creative Cloud and Document Cloud Apps
Experience Cloud usage information FAQ
;
Adobe Genuine Software
Your
privacy choices
regarding how we use this information;
Adobe products and services licensed by
educational institutions
;
How Adobe uses
cookies and similar technologies
; and
How Adobe
analyzes your content
using techniques such as machine learning in order to improve our Services and Software, and how to
opt out
of this.
Adobe Software activation and automatic updates
When you activate your Adobe Software or when you install updates to the Software, we collect analytics or other electronic network activity information, such as: your device (manufacturer, model, IP address);
the Adobe Software (version, date of activation, successful and unsuccessful updates);
your product serial number (e.g., where this is required before you can start using your product).
You can learn more about app activation
here
.
Adobe emails
Emails we send you may include a technology (called a
web beacon
) that collects Analytics or other electronic network activity, such as whether you have received or opened the email, or clicked a link in the email. If you do not want us to collect this information, you can
opt out of receiving Adobe marketing emails
.
Adobe online advertising
Adobe advertises online in a variety of ways, including displaying Adobe ads to you on other companies' websites and apps and on social media platforms, such as Facebook and LinkedIn. Adobe websites use cookies, pixels, and similar technologies provided by our own company (
Adobe Experience Cloud
) and other companies that allow us to gather additional information to measure and improve the effectiveness of our advertising. We collect Analytics or other electronic network activity information such as:
Which ads are displayed;
Which ads are clicked on; and
Where the ad was displayed.
Learn more about
Adobe’s advertising practices
.
Buttons, tools, and content from other companies
Adobe Services and Software may include buttons, tools, or content that link to other companies’ services (for example, a Facebook "Like" button). We may collect information about your use of these features, such as content “liked” and address information in Google Maps. In addition, when you see or interact with these buttons, tools, or content, or view an Adobe web page or app containing them, some information from your browser may automatically be sent to the other company. Please read that company’s privacy policy for more information.
Adobe websites may implement Google reCAPTCHA Enterprise to help prevent spam and abuse. reCAPTCHA Enterprise collects hardware and software information, such as device and application data, and sends it to Google for purposes of providing, maintaining, and improving reCAPTCHA Enterprise and for general security purposes. Your use of reCAPTCHA Enterprise is subject to Google’s
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Use
.
Adobe social networking pages and social sign-on services
You can sign into some Adobe Services and Software using a social networking account, such as a Facebook account. Where you give appropriate permissions, we will receive contact and identifier information about you from your social networking account, such as name, country, and basic demographic information.
Adobe has its own pages on many social networking sites (for example, the Adobe® Photoshop® team’s Facebook page). We will collect information which you have made publicly available on your social networking account, such as name and interests in our products and services, when you interact with our social networking pages. The social networking sites may provide statistics and insights to Adobe which help us understand the types of actions that people take on our pages. Where applicable, Adobe and the social media site(s) have entered into an arrangement which determines our respective responsibilities.
You can learn more about Adobe’s practices with respect to social networking pages and account sign-on services
here
.
Adobe acting on your behalf
In certain instances, Adobe is acting only on your behalf for personal information collected and processed by our services (for example, for the address book contacts shared by users when entering recipient information). In such cases, Adobe is acting only on your instructions in order to facilitate the Service requested by you, and you will be responsible for the information shared. In these instances, we will inform you through in-app notifications or other in-time communications. If you submit any information relating to other people to us or to our service providers in connection with your use of Adobe apps or websites, you represent that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use the information in accordance with this policy.
How we process your content to deliver features requested by you
Adobe offers certain features that let you edit and organize your photographs, videos, and other types of content using characteristics like face and voice (e.g., you can group similar faces, places, and image characteristics within your collection), and such characteristics may be considered biometric identifiers or biometric information under certain US laws or other applicable privacy laws. When you choose to use these features, Adobe is acting only on your instructions in order to facilitate the service requested by you. These features are off by default and, should you choose to enable them, you can always disable these features. Where we process biometric identifiers or biometric information to deliver a feature requested by you, we delete this information once you turn off the feature, unless otherwise specified in the Software or Services.
Visiting our Physical Offices
When you visit an Adobe office, we will collect Identifiers and Contact information such as your name, company name, and email address; and Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information including facial images and voice information such as from CCTV video or voice recordings and photos.
How does Adobe use the information it collects about you, and what are the legal bases for these uses?
Adobe uses the information we collect about you for the following purposes:
To fulfill a contract, or take steps linked to a contract: this is relevant where you register to use an Adobe app or website (whether paid, or as a free trial). This includes:
Providing you with the Adobe Services and Software for which you have registered, and any other services or products that you have requested;
Administering product or platform skill/knowledge courses and other content, including testing and certifications (as applicable);
Verifying your identity;
Processing payments;
Sending you necessary communications (for example, related to payments or expiration of your subscription); and
Providing customer service or support.
As required by Adobe to conduct our business and pursue our legitimate interests:
Analyzing your
content
and its characteristics using automated techniques, in the following circumstances:
Operational Use
. Our Services and Software will access your content stored locally on your device (“Local Content”) and content that you have uploaded to our servers or create using our cloud-based Services (“
Cloud Content
”), to enable the normal running of the Services and Software.
Content Analytics with Cloud Content
. Subject to your opt-out rights, including those described
here
, we may perform analytics with Cloud Content to help us understand how our users are using our Services and Software to allow us to improve your Services and Software experience, provide recommendations to you, and customize your experience. Insights from Content Analytics may be used to inform our marketing to you, subject to your opt-out rights regarding our marketing.
Analyzing your
content
and its characteristics using automated techniques or with human review, in the following circumstances:
Illegal and Abusive Cloud Content
. Cloud Content may be automatically scanned to ensure we are not hosting illegal or abusive content, like Child Sexual Abuse Material. Human review may occur when your Cloud Content is flagged or reported as illegal or abusive.
Public and Shared Cloud Content
. All public and shared Cloud Content is subject to review for intellectual property issues and safety issues (for example, violence and nudity). If you choose to share your Cloud Content with others using our Software and Services, we may automatically review this shared Cloud Content to flag abusive behavior (such as spam or phishing). When you make your Cloud Content publicly available, additional human review may occur.
Providing you with the Adobe Services and Software for which you have registered and any other products and services you have requested;
Analyzing your use and measuring effectiveness of our Services and Software, including recordings, to better understand how they are being used so we can improve them and engage and retain users;
Sending you information about Adobe products and services, special offers and similar information, and sharing your information with third parties for their own marketing purposes, where your consent is not required;
Analyzing your use and navigation of our Services and Software, your profile information, your interaction with our communications (excluding your content), to:
Detect and prevent fraudulent, deceptive, or, illegal activity, or misuse of our Services and Software;
Improve our Services and Software, and the user experience, subject to your opt-out and consent rights, including those described here; and
Tailor and customize the Services and Software through marketing communications (
learn more
)
Diagnosing problems in our Services and Software;
Conducting surveys and market research about our customers, their interests, the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns, and customer satisfaction (unless we need consent to undertake such surveys, in which case we will only do this with your permission);
Investigating and responding to any comments or complaints that you may send us;
Checking the validity of the sort code, account number and card number you submit if you use a credit or debit card for payment, in order to prevent payment fraud or other illegal or deceptive payment practices (we use third parties for this – see “Does Adobe disclose my personal information to others?” below);
Sharing account information registered under a business email address with employers for account migration purposes;
Combining with other data we may have about how you interacted with our products and services when logged out or logged in, in order to provide a more seamless experience, show you the most relevant content and services, and for marketing purposes, with your consent where required;
If we merge with or are acquired by another company, sell an Adobe website, app, or business unit, or if all or a substantial portion of our assets are acquired by another company, your information will likely be disclosed to the prospective purchaser, our advisers and any other prospective purchaser's advisers and will be one of the assets that is transferred to the new owner; and
In connection with legal claims, compliance, regulatory and investigative purposes as necessary (including disclosure of information in connection with government agency requests, legal process or litigation).
Where we process your information based on legitimate interests, you can object to this processing in certain circumstances. In such cases, we will cease processing information unless we have compelling legitimate grounds to continue processing or where it is needed for legal reasons.
If legitimate interest is not an available legal basis in a particular jurisdiction, we will engage in the processing activities described above on a legal basis that is available in that particular jurisdiction.
Where required,
when you give Adobe your consent
or otherwise consistent with your choices:
Sending you information about Adobe products and services, special offers and similar information, and sharing your information with third parties for their own marketing purposes;
Placing cookies and using similar technologies in our Services and Software and in email communications, in accordance with our
Cookies Policy
and the information provided to you when those technologies are used;
Accessing information stored on your device for the following operational uses:
Information relating to your use of, and engagement with, Services and Software related to crash reports in order to fix the underlying problem causing the crash;
Information which you allow us to receive through device-based settings (e.g., photos, location and camera) in order to provide certain functionality within our Services and Software;
Analyzing your use and navigation of the Services and Software or your content and its characteristics using automated techniques or human review in order to:
Detect and prevent fraudulent, deceptive, or illegal activity or misuse of the Services and Software;
Improve our services and the user experience, such as through the Adobe Product Improvement Program as described
here
; and
Respond to your request (e.g., customer service).
Allowing you to participate in sweepstakes, contests, and similar promotions and to administer these activities.
On other occasions where we ask you for consent, we will use the information for the purposes which we explain at that time. Where we rely on consent to process information, you can withdraw your consent to such activities at any time.
For legal reasons:
Responding to requests by government or law enforcement authorities conducting an investigation.
Using or disclosing information as reasonably necessary to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, potential deceptive or illegal activities, misuse of Services and Software, or technical issues and software piracy (e.g., to confirm that software is genuine and properly licensed), helping to protect you as well as Adobe.
Where this processing and these disclosures are not strictly required by law, Adobe may rely on its legitimate interests, where available, and those of third parties described above.
Does Adobe disclose my personal information to others?
Disclosing to other Data Controllers
We will disclose your personal information within the Adobe family of companies for the purposes identified above (see a list of
Adobe entities
and our
acquired companies
).
We will also disclose your personal information with other third-party data controllers with your consent (where necessary) or to provide any product or service you have requested (e.g., third-party integrations). The types of third parties your information may be disclosed to include: our resellers and other sales and advertising partners, retailers, advertisers, ad agencies, advertising networks and platforms, information service providers, fraud monitoring and prevention providers, and publishers. In some cases, in order to show you more relevant ads, we disclose with social media platforms and other advertising partners, information about actions you take on our websites and apps, such as which pages you visit and which ads you saw. These parties may be joint controllers for this processing. More information is available
here
.
Third-party data controllers may also use Adobe products and services to collect and process your personal information. If you are using an email address that is associated with a business domain (e.g.,
yourname@businessname.com
) to access Adobe's Services and Software, or if you were invited to use the Services and Software by a business, we may provide your personal information to that business.
Disclosing for Fraud Prevention, Safety and Security Purposes
We will disclose personal information to companies that help us run our business to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, deception, illegal activity, misuse of Adobe Services and Software, and security or technical issues.
Additionally, we will disclose personal information to companies, organizations, government authorities, or individuals outside of Adobe if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to detect, prevent, or protect against such fraudulent, deceptive, or illegal activity, misuse of our Services and Software, or security or technical issues, or where it is reasonably necessary to protect from harm the rights, property or safety of Adobe and our employees, our users, children, or the public as required or permitted by law.
Disclosing to Data Processors
We will also disclose your personal information to companies that help us run our business by processing personal information on behalf of Adobe for the purposes identified above. Such companies (including those that may record or store communications) include providers of customer support services, chatbots, session replay partners who provide services which recreate a web or app session showing meaningful insight into a visitor’s experience, providers of analytics technologies that record and analyze your interaction with our websites to help us improve your experience, providers of artificial intelligence technologies that record and analyze your content or communications, payment processing services, fraud monitoring and prevention, detecting and preventing deceptive or illegal activity or misuse of our Services and Software, email, social media, and other marketing platforms and service providers, and hosting services. We require these companies to protect your personal information consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Other Information Disclosure
Adobe may also disclose your personal information:
When you agree to the disclosure;
When we have a good faith belief that we are required to provide information in response to a subpoena, court order, or other applicable law or legal process (
learn more
), or to respond to an emergency involving the danger of death or serious bodily harm;
If we merge with or are acquired by another company, sell an Adobe website, app, or business unit, or if all or a substantial portion of our assets are acquired by another company, your information will likely be disclosed to the prospective purchaser, our advisers and any prospective purchaser's advisers and will be one of the assets that is transferred to the new owner.
We may disclose or publish aggregate information that doesn’t specifically identify you, such as statistical information about visitors to our websites or statistical information about how customers
use the Adobe Experience Cloud
.
Is my personal information displayed anywhere on Adobe’s websites or applications?
There are several places within Adobe’s Services and Software that allow you to post comments, upload pictures, participate in message boards or chats, engage with blogs, share technical information, or submit other content for others to see. Sometimes you can limit who can see what you share, but there are some places where what you share can be seen by the general public or other users of the service. Such information can appear in search engine results or through other publicly available platforms and can be “crawled” or searched by third parties. For example, when users post content on message boards, online chats, blogs, and Community Forums, the information posted by the user will become public. Some online content may remain accessible publicly even after Adobe fulfils a request to delete the poster’s personal information.
Please be careful when you share your personal information. Do not share anything you wouldn’t want publicly known unless you are sure you are posting it within an app or website that allows you to control who sees what you post. Please note that when you post messages on certain user forums on our websites and app, your email address or name and/or profile photo may be included and displayed with your message. You can find more information about managing your public profile
here
. To remove content you have shared on our Services and Software, please use the same feature you used to share the content. If another user invites you to participate in shared viewing, editing, or commenting of content, you may be able to delete your contributions, but usually the user who invited you has full control. If you have questions or concerns about this, please
contact us
.
Is my personal information secure?
We work hard to protect your personal information. We employ administrative, technical, and physical security controls where appropriate, such as encryption, 2-step verification, and appropriate contractual confidentiality obligations for employees and contractors.
Where does Adobe store my personal information?
Your personal information and files are stored on Adobe’s servers and the servers of companies we engage to provide services to us.
Does Adobe transfer my personal information across national borders?
The main locations where we process your personal information are the US and India, but we also transfer personal information to all other countries in which Adobe or its affiliates, providers, and partners operate. We carry out these transfers in compliance with applicable laws – for example, by putting data transfer agreements in place to help protect your personal information.
If you reside outside of North America, your relationship is with Adobe Ireland. Where Adobe Ireland transfers your personal information to a country which is not within the EEA and is not subject to an adequacy decision by the EU Commission, we rely on one or more of the following legal mechanisms: European Commission approved Standard Contractual Clauses and/or your consent in certain circumstances. A copy of the relevant mechanism can be provided for your review upon request, using the contact details provided at the end of this Privacy Policy. For more information about how Adobe Ireland transfers European personal information, please see
Cross-border data transfers.
Adobe and its U.S. subsidiaries Marketo Inc, Magento (X-commerce, Inc) and Workfront Inc. comply with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Adobe has also certified to the US Department of Commerce that it adheres to EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF (as does its U.S. subsidiaries Marketo Inc, Magento (X-commerce, Inc) and Workfront Inc.). Adobe has also certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF (as does its U.S. subsidiaries Marketo Inc, Magento (X-commerce, Inc) and Workfront Inc.). If there is any conflict between the terms in this policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. Adobe’s commitments under the Data Privacy Framework are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the United States Federal Trade Commission. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/
.
As set out above Adobe uses a limited number of third-party service providers to assist us in providing our services to our users and business customers. These third parties may access, process, or store personal data in the course of providing their services. Adobe maintains contracts with these third parties restricting their access, use and disclosure of personal data in compliance with our Data Privacy Framework obligations, including the onward transfer provisions, and Adobe remains liable if they fail to meet those obligations and Adobe is responsible for the event giving rise to the damage).
The information above applies to Adobe users who are consumers. More information is available for our business customers that want to learn more about
Cross-border data transfers
.
What rights do I have regarding my personal information and how can I exercise these rights?
When provided for by applicable law, you have the right to ask us for a copy of your personal information; to correct, delete or restrict (stop any active) processing of your personal information; and to obtain the personal information you provide to us for a contract or with your consent in a structured, machine readable format, and to ask us to share (port) this information to another controller. You may be entitled to additional rights based on applicable data privacy laws in your jurisdiction.
In addition, you can object to the processing of your personal information in some circumstances (such as where we are using the information for direct marketing).
These rights may be limited, for example, if fulfilling your request would reveal personal information about another person, or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law to keep or which we need to defend claims against us. In addition, Adobe websites recognize the Global Privacy Control available in some web browsers. If your browser is configured to send this signal, Adobe will opt you out of Adobe’s use of advertising cookies on that browser. You can learn more about Adobe’s
advertising practices
and your privacy choices
here
.
To exercise any of these rights (including deactivating your Adobe ID account), you can get in touch with us – or our data protection officer – using the details set out below. Additionally, many of our Services and Software allow you to edit your personal information by accessing the "
my account
," "my profile," or a similar feature of the service you are using. Likewise, you can delete files or photos you have stored in our Services and Software by logging in and using the deletion functions that are available.
If you have unresolved concerns, you have the right to report them to your local privacy regulator or data protection authority and, where applicable, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with Adobe Ireland's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission.
When you are asked to provide personal information, you may decline. And you may use web browser or operating system controls to prevent certain types of automatic data collection. But if you choose not to provide or allow information that is necessary for certain services or features, those services or features may not be available or fully functional. For example, to register with Adobe, to create an Adobe ID, and to use some Adobe Services and Software, the provision of some information is mandatory: if relevant information is not provided, then we will not be able to administer an Adobe account to you, or provide you with the Services and Software requested. Other optional information, if not provided, may impact our ability to provide a personalized experience or tailored content or offerings.
What rights do I have in my state?
In addition to the rights above, see
Additional US State Privacy Rights
for more information.
Withdrawing consent or otherwise objecting to direct marketing
The Adobe family of companies (see list of
Adobe entities
and our
acquired companies
) and companies we hire to help market our Services and Software on our behalf may use your information to provide you with information and offers related to Adobe.
Where we rely on your consent, you will always be able to withdraw that consent, although we may have other legal grounds for processing your information for other purposes, such as those set out above. In some cases, we are able to send you direct marketing without your consent, where we rely on our legitimate interests. You have an absolute right to opt-out of direct marketing, or profiling we carry out for direct marketing, at any time by:
updating your preferences in your Adobe ID profile;
updating your preferences in your specific website or app accounts;
clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our marketing emails; or
contacting us using the details provided at the end of this privacy policy.
Click
here
for further information on your choices regarding our marketing practices.
What information is collected by companies using Adobe Experience Cloud solutions?
Adobe Experience Cloud solutions help our business customers personalize and improve the performance of their websites, apps, and marketing messages. For example, these customers may use Adobe Experience Cloud solutions to collect and analyze information about how individuals use their websites (
learn more
). The information collected is stored in our services on behalf of and for use by these business customers.
How long does Adobe retain my information?
When you register for an account and create an Adobe ID, we process and keep most personal information we process on your behalf for as long as you are an active user of our Services and Software. We delete certain personal information we collect about you when we no longer have a business reason to retain it. Additionally, there is some personal information we need to retain even after you close your account to comply with business and legal requirements, such as personal information related to our contract and business transactions with you, which we retain for ten years after your last interaction with us.
Where we process personal information for marketing purposes or with your consent, we process the information until you ask us to stop and for a short period after this (to allow us to implement your requests). We also keep a permanent record of the fact that you have asked us not to send you direct marketing or to process your information so that we can respect your request in the future.
Can children use Adobe websites and apps?
Adobe Services and Software are not intended for children under the age of 13, except in limited situations where certain products, including Adobe Express and Creative Cloud All Apps, may be available to children for educational purposes under the direct supervision of a teacher. In these circumstances, Adobe is authorized to collect student data by the participating school, which has obtained appropriate consent, if needed.
Adobe’s Direct COPPA Notice
provides more information about the collection and use of student data.
All other Adobe Services and Software are not intended for use by children and certain products specifically prohibit users who are under a certain age. If you do not meet applicable age requirements, please do not use those Services and Software. If you are age 13 or over and meet applicable age requirements to use certain Services and Software, Adobe makes available
Privacy for Younger Users
page to provide information about our privacy practices in an age-appropriate format.
Will this privacy policy change?
Occasionally, we may update this privacy policy (or other documents in the Adobe Privacy Center) to allow Adobe to accommodate new technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements or for other purposes. If we do, we will change the "last updated" date at the top of this policy and the revised policy will be posted to this page so that you are aware of the information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we may disclose it. We encourage you to periodically review the
Adobe Privacy Center
for the latest information on our privacy practices. Under certain circumstances (for example with certain material changes or where it is required by applicable privacy laws) we will provide notice to you of these changes and, where required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent. Notice may be by email to you, by posting a notice of such changes on our Services and Software, or by other means consistent with applicable law.
Who can I contact with questions or concerns?
If you have a privacy question, concern, or request, please fill out a
privacy inquiry form
.
If you are outside North America, you can also get in touch with Adobe Ireland's data protection officer at
DPO@Adobe.com
or by postal mail at 4-6 Riverwalk, Citywest Business Park, Dublin 24, Ireland.
For practices that are covered by our
PRP Certification
, if you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
If you believe Adobe maintains your personal data in one of the services within the scope of our Data Privacy Framework certification, you may direct any inquiries or complaints concerning our Data Privacy Framework compliance by filling in our privacy inquiry form. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://www.ana.net/content/show/id/accountability-dpf-consumers
. If neither Adobe nor our dispute resolution provider resolves your complaint, you may have the possibility to engage in binding arbitration through the Data Privacy Framework Panel. For more information on this option, please see Annex I of the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles.
This Adobe site doesn't match your location
Based on your location, we think you may prefer the Ireland website, where you'll get regional content, offerings, and pricing.
Ireland
United States
Sub-policy 5
http://www.google.com/privacy/ads/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Advertising
Advertising keeps Google and many of the websites and services you use free of charge. We work hard to make sure that ads are safe, unobtrusive, and as relevant as possible. For example, you won’t see pop-up ads on Google, and we terminate the accounts of hundreds of thousands of publishers and advertisers that violate our policies each year – including ads containing malware, ads for counterfeit goods, or ads that attempt to misuse your personal information.
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses cookies in advertising
Cookies help to make advertising more effective. Without cookies, it’s harder for an advertiser to reach its audience, or to know how many ads were shown and how many clicks they received.
Many websites, such as news sites and blogs, partner with Google to show ads to their visitors. Working with our partners, we may use cookies for a number of purposes, such as to stop you from seeing the same ad over and over again, to detect and stop click fraud, and to show ads that are likely to be more relevant (such as ads based on websites you have visited).
We store a record of the ads we serve in our logs. These
server logs
typically include your web request, IP address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or, if you are signed-in, that may uniquely identify you. We store this data for a number of reasons, the most important of which are to improve our services and to maintain the security of our systems. We anonymize this log data by removing part of the IP address (after 9 months) and cookie information (after 18 months).
Our advertising cookies
To help our partners manage their advertising and websites, we offer many products, including AdSense, AdWords, Google Analytics, and a range of DoubleClick-branded services. When you visit a page or see an ad that uses one of these products, either on Google services or on other sites and apps, various cookies may be sent to your browser.
These may be set from a few different domains, including google.com, doubleclick.net, googlesyndication.com, or googleadservices.com, or the domain of our partners’ sites. Some of our advertising products enable our partners to use other services in conjunction with ours (like an ad measurement and reporting service), and these services may send their own cookies to your browser. These cookies will be set from their domains.
See more detail about the
types of cookies used by Google
and our partners and
how we use them
.
How you can control advertising cookies
You can use
ad settings
to manage the Google ads you see and turn off personalized ads. Even if you turn off personalized ads, you may still see ads based on factors such as your general location derived from your IP address, your browser type, and your search terms.
You can also manage many companies’ cookies used for online advertising via the consumer choice tools created under self-regulation programs in many countries, such as the US-based
aboutads.info choices
page or the EU-based
Your Online Choices
.
Finally, you can
manage cookies in your web browser
.
Other technologies used in advertising
Google’s advertising systems may use other technologies, including Flash and HTML5, for functions like display of interactive ad formats. We may use the
IP address
, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also select advertising based on information about your computer or device, such as the time and date, your device model, browser type, or sensors in your device like the accelerometer.
Location
Google’s ad products may receive or infer information about your location from a variety of sources. For example, we may use the IP address to identify your general location; we may receive precise location from your mobile device; we may infer your location from your search queries; and websites or apps that you use may send information about your location to us.  Google uses location information in our ads products to infer demographic information, to improve the relevance of the ads you see, to measure ad performance and to report aggregate statistics to advertisers.
Advertising identifiers for mobile apps
To serve ads in services where cookie technology may not be available (for example, in mobile applications), we may use technologies that perform similar functions to cookies. Sometimes Google links the identifier used for advertising on mobile applications to an advertising cookie on the same device in order to coordinate ads across your mobile apps and mobile browser. This can happen, for example, when you see an ad within an app that launches a web page in your mobile browser. This also helps us improve the reports we give to our advertisers on the effectiveness of their campaigns.
Ads you see on your device may be personalized based on its Advertising ID. On Android devices, you can:
Reset your device’s advertising ID
, which replaces the current ID with a new one. Apps can still show you personalized ads, but for a while they may not be as relevant or interesting to you.
Delete your device’s advertising ID
, which deletes the advertising ID and doesn't assign a new one. Apps can still show you ads, but they may not be as relevant or interesting to you. You won't see ads based on this advertising ID, but you may still see ads based on other factors, like the information you’ve shared with apps.
To make changes to the advertising ID on your Android device, follow the instructions below.
Android
Reset your device’s advertising ID
To reset your device’s advertising ID:
On your Android device, go to
Settings
.
Tap
Privacy
>
Ads
.
Tap
Reset advertising ID
and confirm your changes.
Delete your device’s advertising ID
To delete your device’s advertising ID:
On your Android device, go to
Settings
.
Tap
Privacy
>
Ads
.
Tap
Delete advertising ID
and confirm your changes.
Your advertising ID will be reset or deleted, but apps may have their own settings using other types of identifiers, which can also affect the types of ads you see.
On some older versions of Android
If your Android device’s version is 4.4 or older:
Open
Settings
Tap
Privacy
>
Advanced
>
Ads
Turn on
Opt out of Ads Personalization
and confirm your changes.
iOS
Devices with iOS use Apple’s Advertising Identifier. To learn more about your choices for use of this identifier, visit the
Settings
app on your device.
Connected TV/Over-the-Top
Advertising identifiers for connected TV
Connected TVs are another area where cookie technology is not available, and, instead, Google will rely on device identifiers designed for use in advertising to serve ads. Many connected TV devices support an identifier for advertising that is similar in function to mobile device identifiers. These identifiers are built to give users the option to reset them or to opt out of personalized advertising entirely.
The following “Ads” settings are available on TVs with the following consistent language:
Reset advertising ID
Delete advertising ID
Opt out of Ads Personalization (on or off)
Ads by Google (links to About Google ad personalization)
Your advertising ID (long string)
These Ads settings are available in the following paths on Google TV and Android TV respectively.
Google TV
Consistent path to Ads:
Settings
Privacy
Ads
Android TV
Ads settings show up in one of two general paths for Android TV depending on the TV manufacturer/model. In Android TV, partners have the freedom to adapt the Settings path. It’s up to the partner which path they use to best fit their custom TV experience but below are the common paths to Ad settings.
Path A:
Settings
About
Legal Information
Ads
Path B:
Settings
Devices Preferences
About
Legal Information
Ads
Non-Google Devices
Many connected TV devices support identifiers for advertising and offer ways for users to opt out of personalized advertising. A full list of those devices, and ways users can opt out, is kept updated on the Network Advertising Initiative’s website here:
https://thenai.org/opt-out/connected-tv-choices/
.
What determines the ads by Google that I see?
Many decisions are made to determine which ad you see.
Sometimes the ad you see is based on your current or past location. Your IP address is usually a good indication of your approximate location. So you might see an ad on the homepage of YouTube.com that promotes a forthcoming movie in your country, or a search for ‘pizza’ might return results for pizza places in your town.
Sometimes the ad you see is based on the context of a page. If you’re looking at a page of gardening tips, you might see ads for gardening equipment.
Sometimes you might also see an ad on the web that’s based on your app activity or activity on Google services; an in-app ad that’s based on your web activity; or an ad based on your activity on another device.
Sometimes the ad you see on a page is served by Google but selected by another company. For example, you might have registered with a newspaper website. From information you’ve given the newspaper, it can make decisions about which ads to show you, and it can use Google’s ad serving products to deliver those ads.
The ad you see on a household device, such as a connected TV (such as a Smart TV), may be related to the web or app activity from devices within the same household.
You may also see ads on Google products and services, including Search, Gmail, and YouTube, based on information, such as your email address, that you provided to advertisers and the advertisers then shared with Google.
Why am I seeing ads by Google for products I’ve viewed?
You may see ads for products you previously viewed. Let’s suppose you visit a website that sells golf clubs, but you don’t buy those clubs on your first visit. The website owner might want to encourage you to return and complete your purchase. Google offers services that let website operators target their ads to people who visited their pages.
For this to work, Google either reads a cookie that’s already in your browser or places a cookie in your browser when you visit the golfing site (assuming your browser lets this happen).
When you visit another site that works with Google, which may have nothing to do with golfing, you might see an ad for those golf clubs. That’s because your browser sends Google the same cookie. In turn, we may use that cookie to serve you an ad that could encourage you to buy those golf clubs.
Your visit to the golfing site may also be used by Google to show you personalized ads when you later search for golf clubs on Google.
We do have restrictions on this type of ad. For example, we prohibit advertisers from selecting an audience based on sensitive information, such as health information or religious beliefs.
Learn more about
Google ads
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語