“World Peace starts with inner peace!”
– Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
PRIVACY POLICY
Sattva (”Sattva”, “We” or “Us”) respects Your privacy and is dedicated to protecting the privacy of those persons using (“User(s)” or “You”) the Sattva webpages and other services and applications provided by Sattva (“Services”). This Privacy Policy helps You to understand what personal information/data (“Personal Information”) and non-personal information We collect, and how We use it. This Privacy Policy shall apply to Your use of the Services and You should to read this document before using the Services. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and is subject to the Sattva Terms of Service. If You do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Services. “Personal Information” refers to information, which allows Users to be specifically identified as individual persons. We may also collect “non-personal information” meaning it can’t be used to specifically identify any persons. Non-personal information may also be result of removing the personally identifiable parts from the information. We collect and use both types of information and combinations of both types. Sattva shall not be responsible for the actions of third parties (including people, companies or services), the content of third-party websites, the usage of the information provide by User to such third parties, or any products or services they may offer.
1. Personal Information
Sattva will only collect such Personal Information that is relevant for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. Personal information may be processed for the purposes of creating Services accounts, facilitating transactions, using, maintaining, customizing and developing the Services, contacting Users, providing services, sending customer and marketing information to Users, enabling communication in the Services, conducting research and creating reports. Sattva may use collected information also to create a user profile. We may use collected information also to create a user profile link or combine it with other information we get from third parties, to help understand your preferences and provide You with better services. Sattva commits to adhere to the provisions of the USA Data Protection Law and other such applicable laws and regulations pertaining to processing of Personal Information, as well as process Personal Information in compliance with good processing practice. All personnel processing Personal Information are obliged to keep such information strictly confidential.
2. Collected information and sources
We collect several categories of information: Information You give to us Technically gathered information when You use our Services Information from third parties (including social networking sites without being limited to those) in relation to our service. We will collect information that You give to us, for example when you sign up for or use our Services, which includes your name and e- mail address. We will collect information on Your purchase history and attended yoga classes. The Service may be able to connect to your social networking sites and profiles to obtain information about you when you consent to allow your social networking site to make that information available to Sattva and, consequently Sattva may be able to collect certain information from your social networking profile when your social networking site permits to make that information available. We will also collect information that is technically gathered when You use our Services. This information may include Your Internet Protocol address, time of your requests or actions in the service, location based on IP address, mobile device unique ID, hardware type and operating system version, operating system, access times, browser type and language , media access control (“MAC”) address, international mobile equipment identity (“IMEI”), your email address (if You have connected e.g. to Facebook or Google+) and referring website addresses. In order to enhance the service Sattva may use tools from third party service providers, such as Google Analytics or Mix Panel to collect and use non-personal information. Google Analytics collects and stores data such as time of visit, pages visited, time spent on each page of the Site, the Internet Protocol (IP) address, and the type of operating system used in the devices used to access. Sattva may collect information on Users’ activities in the Services, such as purchase history and attended yoga classes. We may feature advertising within the Services, and may employ third party technologies to collect information in the Services. Advertising may be based on your user profile in order to provide personalized advertisements that, and advertising in the Service may come from affiliate advertising networks. You may also share data from your Apple iOS Health App ("Health App") with us. It's up to you what you information is passed to the Health App and you can modify which apps can access your data in your iPhone settings. We will never use your Health App Data for any other purpose than improving your health, medical and fitness management from within the Sattva app, and will never share your Health App Data with third parties.
3. Hosting information
By using the Services You always disclose information about yourself to Sattva. In connection with Your use of the Services, including communication in the Services, You will disclose data about yourself to other users, and any such data is public information, and there is no expectation of privacy. Sattva is not responsible for any personal data you choose to make public in the Services. Sattva will not disclose your stored Personal Information to third parties for direct marketing, market research, polls or public registers without Your consent or except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the ability to opt-in or opt- out. Sattva shall not be responsible for any processing of Personal Information by third parties. The Personal Information might be used for targeted in- service marketing and other similar purposes, and upon Your consent, to email marketing by Sattva. We may use external service providers to provide technical solutions or services for processing stored information and access the stored information by using a technical interface and share Your personally information with third party service providers to the extent that it is reasonably necessary to perform, improve or maintain the Services. Sattva may use third party service providers, such as e-mail service providers, credit card processors, information analyzers and business intelligence providers. Sattva has right to share Personal Information as necessary for the aforementioned service providers to provide their services to Sattva. Sattva is not liable for the acts and omissions of these third parties. We may share non-personal information (such as anonymous User usage data, referring / exit pages and URLs, platform types, asset views, number of clicks, etc.) with interested third-parties to assist them in understanding the usage patterns for certain content, services, advertisements, promotions, and/or functionality of the Services. In exceptional circumstances Personal Information may be disclosed to third parties if required under any applicable law or regulation or order by competent authorities, or in order to enforce the Terms and Conditions of the Services and to investigate possible infringing use of the Services as well as to guarantee safety of the Services. Sattva may share Your information in connection with any merger, sale of our assets, or a financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business. Aggregate or anonymous information about You may be shared with advertisers, publishers, business partners, and other third parties. Your acknowledge and agree that Sattva may host the Services in and transfer information for this purpose to countries outside the European Union or the European Economic Area or the United States of America in accordance with mandatory legislation and this Privacy Policy.
4. Information protection
The register will be maintained in external service providers’ servers with appropriate safeguards, such as password protection, granting the access to the stored information only to Sattva, persons working at Sattva or Sattva partners who are expressly authorized by Sattva. The register is protected by appropriate industry standard, technical and organisatory safety measures. The database will be accessible only to those persons expressly authorized by Sattva. Although We make good faith efforts to store the information collected on the services in a secure operating environment that is not available to the public, We cannot guarantee the absolute security of that information during its transmission or its storage on our systems. Sattva will post a notice on the Sattva website or through the Services in case material security breach that endangers Your privacy or Personal Information. Sattva may also temporarily shut down a service to protect Personal Information.
5. Tracking
A cookie is a string of information or a small text file that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Sattva uses cookies to help it identify and track visitors, their usage of the Services, and their access preferences, improving quality, tailoring recommendations, and developing the Services. Users who do not wish to have cookies placed should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using the Services, with the drawback that certain features of the Service may not function properly without the aid of cookies. In addition to cookies, We may use other now and later developed tracking technologies. Tracking technologies may set, change, alter or modify settings or configurations on Your device. The cookies will not enable Sattva to access and review information stored on a User’s device. The Services are currently free from ads served by third parties. In the future We may have third party ads and related to that such advertisers or advertising networks may deliver cookies or use other tracking tools. These third party services shall be governed by separate privacy policies and this Privacy Policy does not apply and Sattva shall not be responsible for such third party data collection. Please note, the Services may not work properly if We are unable to tell where You are coming from (Country specific).
6. Processing personal information
Users are entitled to review any information collected on him/her and stored in the register. When User wishes to use the above right to review stored information, User should send a signed request thereof to Sattva using the contact details below. We will, at our own initiative or upon a User’s request, complement, correct or delete incomplete, inaccurate or outdated Personal Information. You may opt-out of receiving promotional emails by following the instructions in those emails. If You opt- out, Sattva may still send You non-promotional customer information, such as emails about Your account, providing the Service or Sattva’s ongoing business relations.
7. Data Deletion
To permanently delete your Sattva account and your personal data, you can do so at any time directly in the account settings on the Sattva mobile application or by emailing us at
we@sattva.life
. Sattva will delete your personal data within 24 hours of your request.
8. Changes of the privacy policy
Sattva may change this Privacy Policy from time to time, and at Sattva‘s sole discretion. All changes hereto will be made available on this website, which is why Sattva encourages Users to frequently check this page for any changes to this Privacy Policy. Changes hereto will not prejudice Users’ rights without their consent.
9. Contact
The User may at any time contact Sattva at the address here below
we@sattva.life