Wires Privacy Policy
Table of contents
General Information
Data Processing Details: Collected Data, Purposes, Legal Bases
Website
Wire Messenger and App
Transfer, Storage Period, and Rights
1. General Information
1.1 Our Commitment to Data Protection
Wire Swiss GmbH, Untermüli 9, CH-6300 Zug ("
Wire
" or "
we
") is committed to protecting your data. With this privacy policy, we inform you about the collection, processing, and use of data in connection with our website ("
Website
"), our messenger ("
Messenger
"), our app ("
App
") and other services (collectively "
Wire Services
").
Wire does not rent or sell your data to third parties. Your data is also not used for targeted advertising or other forms of profiling. Unless the context requires otherwise, any reference to "you", "your", or "yourself" in this privacy policy includes the respective organization using the team management functionality of the apps, website, and/or service, the respective team admin, and the respective team member (as defined in our terms of service).
Any inquiries regarding your data, its protection, and how it is handled by Wire can be directed to the Data Protection Officer (“
DPO
”) at
privacy@wire.com
.
1.2. Scope, Controller
As a company based in Switzerland, Wire and its data processing activities are subject to Swiss data protection law, particularly the Federal Data Protection Act (SR 2351). This privacy policy covers the obligation of Wire for information according to Art. 19 of the Swiss Federal Act of Data Protection ("
FADP
"). For individuals from the European Union or the European Economic Area, the General Data Protection Regulation ("
GDPR
") may also apply.
Unless otherwise stated in this privacy policy, Wire, a limited liability company under Swiss law, based in Zug (Switzerland), with the company identification number CHE 432.881.146, is responsible the processing of data related to the use of Wire Services. You can contact Wire as follows:
Wire Swiss GmbH
Untermüli 9
CH-6300 Zug
Switzerland
E-Mail:
legal@wire.com
You can reach our data protection officer
Susanne Klein
at:
Beiten Burkhardt Services GmbH
Ganghoferstraße 33
80339 Munich
Germany
Email:
privacy@wire.com
1.3 EU Representative Pursuant to Article 27 GDPR, Supervisory Authority
Wire designates Wire Germany GmbH, Rosenthaler Straße 41, 10178 Berlin, Germany, as its EU representative pursuant to Article 27 GDPR, registered under HRB 149847 with the local court of Charlottenburg.
Wire's supervisory authority is:
Eidgenössischer Datenschutz- und Öffentlichkeitsbeauftragter (EDÖB)
Feldweg 1
3003 Bern
Switzerland
Phone: +41 58 462 43 95
Contact form for EDÖB
2. Data Processing Details: Collected Data, Purposes, Legal Bases
When you use Wire Services, the following personal data may be collected and processed for the purposes and on the legal basis specified below.
Please note that below information only applies to the extent that Wire is the controller for the relevant data processing. Insofar as Wire processes personal data on behalf of and on the instructions of a Wire customer (acting as a so-called data processor), Wire cannot provide any details on the purposes or legal bases of the data processing. Please refer to the relevant controller (e.g., your employer) for details on the data processing.
2.1  Content of Conversations
Wire transmits and processes the content of conversations from users of the Wire Messenger only to the extent technically required to provide the relevant services. The content of conversations is encrypted with strong encryption on the sender's device and decrypted only on the recipient's device (end-to-end encryption). This includes all text, voice, and video chats, as well as other files and documents shared in the conversations. Wire does not have access to encryption keys and does not use backdoors. Conversations belong to the users, and Wire has no access to them. Users may delete the content of the conversations on their device specifically and generally at any time.
Wire also uses transport encryption to secure metadata. Encrypted messages are temporarily stored on Wire's servers for delivery when users come back online. However, this data is immediately deleted from Wire’s servers as soon as the relevant message has been delivered to the recipient of the message. The legal basis for this data processing is Art. 31 sec. 2 lit. a FADP or Art. 6 sec. 1 lit. b GDPR (contract performance).
2.2 Logs
Technical data ("log files") is collected and processed each time the Wire Services are accessed. This data processing is necessary to provide the Wire Services. If the user has concluded a contract with Wire on the provision of the relevant Wire Service, the legal basis is Art. 31 sec. 2 lit. a FADP or Art. 6 sec. 1 lit. b GDPR (contract performance). Otherwise, the legal basis is Art. 6 sec. 1 lit. f GDPR (legitimate interest), since Wire has a legitimate interest in the provision of Wire Services like our Website.
Logs are kept for a maximum of 90 days to assist troubleshooting, improve service, and prevent abuse. Wire has a legitimate interest in the securing and improving its services. Therefore, the legal basis for this storage is Art. 31 sec. 2 lit. a FADP or Art. 6 sec. 1 lit. f GDPR (legitimate interest).
2.3 Personal User Data
When users create a Wire account, they are required to provide a user name, a display name, and an email address. If a Team-Admin or Team-Member account is created, additional billing information might be required. This profile data is used to provide and support the service and can be displayed to other Wire users who search for or connect with them. Personal data is stored only for the duration of the account. The legal basis for this is contract performance according to Art. 31 sec. 2 lit. a FADP or Art. 6 sec. 1 lit. b GDPR. Wire collects and processes the personal data that users voluntarily provide when registering for a Wire Service. This data is processed for the purpose of operating the relevant Wire Service and providing it to the user.
Users are only required to provide a username, email, and password to register for the Wire Messenger. Adding further information to a user profile is optional. Wire uses the so-called double opt-in procedure as part of the registration process to verify the provided email address. This means that after a user has registered for the Wire Messenger, an email with a verification code is sent to the user to confirm ownership of the email address. If an email address is not verified, the provided data will be deleted after one month. In addition to the information provided by the user in the registration form, Wire may also store the date and time of registration and verification, and the IP address of the device used in the registration process. This data is necessary to prove that the relevant account has been registered by a certain user or to trace the (possible) misuse of a user’s email address later.
The processing is necessary for the provision of the Wire Services to the user and, thus, based on Art. 31 sec. 2 lit. a FADP or Art. 6 sec. 1 lit. b GDPR (contract performance).
2.4 Payment-Related Data
For Team-Admin or Team-Member accounts, additional billing information may be required and shared with the billing provider. To make purchases, admins must provide payment methods and possibly additional account data. Some transaction-related personal information, such as transaction amounts, is also processed.
Wire processes the payment-related data for the billing of our customer's purchases and to comply with tax laws. If you are our customer, i.e. our direct contractual partner, the legal basis for the processing of the above-mentioned is contract performance according to Art. 31 sec. 2 lit. a FADP or Art. 6 sec. 1 lit. b GDPR. Otherwise, for example if your employer is our customer, the data processing is based on Art. 6 sec. 1 lit. f GDPR (legitimate interest), in which case Wire has a legitimate interest in the billing of purchases to its customers. Insofar as we collect and store data for tax reasons, the legal basis is Art. 6 sec. 1 lit. c GDPR (compliance with legal obligations). Data is deleted within 12 months after contract termination or expiration of legal retention periods.
2.5 Processing Data Upon Requests
When users submit inquiries (e.g., via email or a web form), the data they provide, such as their name, email address, telephone number, affiliation with a company, role in the company or other information, is processed to respond to their request. The legal basis is Art. 31 sec. 2 lit. a FADP or Art. 6 sec. 1 lit. b GDPR (pre-contractual measures), insofar as the request serves to prepare a contract with the user. Otherwise, the legal basis is Art. 6 sec. 1 lit. f GDPR (legitimate interest), in which case Wire’s legitimate interest is to appropriately respond to the user’s request. Data is deleted once the inquiry is fully processed and further communication is unnecessary.
2.6 Newsletter Distribution
If users subscribe to Wire's newsletter, their email address and name are processed to send the newsletter. Users can subscribe to Wire's newsletter using the form on our Website. Details on the content of Wire’s newsletter are available in the declaration of consent or in the newsletter subscription form.
Wire uses the so-called double opt-in procedure as part of the registration process to verify the provided email address. This means that after a user has registered for the newsletter, an email with a verification code is sent to the user to confirm the subscription and ownership of the relevant email account. If the subscription is not verified, the provided data will be deleted after one month at the latest. In addition to the information provided by the user in the registration form, Wire may also store the date and time of registration and verification, and the IP address of the device used in the registration process. This data is necessary to prove that the relevant account has been registered by a certain user or to trace the (possible) misuse of a user’s email address later.
We evaluate the use of the newsletter emails (e.g., opening rate, clicks) to improve the newsletter content with the help of so-called tracking pixels. Using the embedded tracking pixel, we can recognize whether and when a newsletter email has been opened and which links in the email have been accessed. By analyzing this information, we can draw conclusions about the recipients' interest in our newsletter content and improve and develop the newsletter accordingly.
The legal basis for the data processing as described above is user consent (Art. 31 sec. 1 FADP or Art. 6 sec. 1 lit. a GDPR). Users can unsubscribe at any time, i.e. users can freely withdraw their consent at any time and with effect for the future, for example by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of every newsletter email. User data is only retained while the subscription is active.
2.7 Additional Technical Data
Wire collects and processes additional technical data, such as device types, as part of the provision of the Wire Messenger to facilitate the transfer of data between devices. The service is designed to minimize the collection of technical data necessary for service operation. The legal basis for this processing is user consent and contract performance (Art. 31 sec. 1 FADP or Art. 6 sec. 1 lit. a, lit. b GDPR). Further information on additional data can be found in the
Privacy Whitepaper
and
Security Whitepaper
.
2.8 Usage Data
We process individual data about the use of the Wire Services in order to compile anonymous usage statistics and crash logs. Furthermore, we may record pseudonymized Team IDs to monitor customer success and enhance our services. Insofar as personal data is processed for this purpose and your consent is not required for processing, we process your data on the basis of a legitimate interest (Art. 31 sec. 2 lit. a FADP or Art. 6 sec. 1 lit. f GDPR). Our legitimate interest is the smooth provision of Wire Services. Insofar as personal data is processed for this purpose and your consent is required for processing, we will only process your data after you have given your consent (Art. 31 sec. 1 FADP or Art. 6 Sec. 1 lit a GDPR). You can prevent the processing of your data for these purposes at any time, see FAQ. This data will be deleted after 365 days latest.
2.9 Support Cases
If you contact Wire customer service, the personal data you provide may be stored for the duration of the support case resolution. Wire uses Zendesk to process customer enquiries. The legal basis for the processing of your data for processing the support request is a legitimate interest (Art. 31 sec. 1, sec. 2 FADP or Art. 6sec. 1 lit. f GDPR). Our legitimate interest is to provide a support service for our customers. We delete your personal data processed for the processing of the support enquiry after the processing of your enquiry has been completed.
2.10 Applications
You can apply to us online via the link on our website. If you apply to us by e-mail, we would like to expressly point out that sending unencrypted e-mails or e-mail attachments is not secure.
Your data will be processed for the purpose of carrying out the application process. The legal basis for data processing is Art. 31 sec. 2 lit. a FADP and Art. 6 sec. 1 lit. b GDPR (preparation of a contract). In addition, your personal data may be processed if this is necessary for the defence of legal claims asserted against us during the application process. The legal basis for this is Art. 31 sec. 2 lit. a GDPR or Art. 6 sec. 1 lit. f GDPR. The legitimate interest in the processing also lies in the aforementioned purposes. If an employment relationship is established between you and us, we may process the personal data that we have already received from you for the purposes of the employment relationship in accordance with Art. 31 sec. 2 lit. a FADP or Art. 6 sec. 1 lit. b GDPR (performance of a contract).
With your consent, we will also pass on your application data to affiliated companies or store your application data for a longer period if we consider your application suitable but are unable to offer you a position. The legal basis for data processing is Art. 31 sec. 1 FADP or Art. 6 sec. 1 lit. a GDPR. You can revoke your consent at any time with effect for the future.
Your application data will not be processed beyond the use described above. Your personal data will be deleted no later than 6 months after the end of the application process, unless deletion conflicts with other legitimate interests on our part or you have not given us your consent to longer storage. Another legitimate interest in this sense is, for example, a burden of proof in proceedings under the General Equal Treatment Act (AGG).
2.11 Cookies
Certain Wire Services use cookies and similar technologies (hereinafter collectively referred to as "
Cookies
"). Cookies are small text files that are stored on your device by your browser or app. They contain various information, e.g. duration of the website visit or user input. They may be set by Wire as the provider of the Website (so-called first-party cookies) or by third parties whose services are integrated in the Wire Services (so-called third-party cookies). Cookies can be stored for different lengths of time (e.g. duration of page use, several weeks up to a maximum of two years).
Wire uses Cookies for various purposes, which can be roughly differentiated as follows:
Technically necessary Cookies: These Cookies are technically absolutely necessary to use the basic functions and ensure security of Wire Services. They do not collect information for marketing purposes or track the user behavior. Wire is permitted to use necessary Cookies without consent of the user.
Optional Cookies for statistics or marketing purposes: These Cookies can, among other things, track the user’s interactions and behavior. These Cookies are used for analysis, for example to help optimize our Website, or marketing purposes. Wire uses such Cookies (i.e. their storage on your end device and access to these Cookies) only with the user’s explicit and free consent. Users can freely withdraw their consents at any time with effect for the future, e.g. in the relevant settings of the cookie banner.
Regarding the storage periods, the Cookies used by Wire can be roughly differentiated as follows:
Session Cookies: These Cookies are automatically deleted after a session, e.g. when the browser is closed. They contain a so-called session ID. This allows various requests from a browser to be assigned to the shared session and a computer to be recognized when the user returns to the Wire Website.
Persistent Cookies: These Cookies remain stored on the user’s end device and are automatically deleted after a certain period (depending on the specific Cookie, from a few hours to two years) or at the user’s request.
Further details on the functions and storage periods of the Cookies used by Wire can be found in the relevant cookie banner and in the following sections of this privacy policy (in each case for the relevant Wire Service and tool that uses the Cookies).
2.12 Social Media Presence
We maintain a presence (a so-called "
Fan Page
") on the social media network LinkedIn, which is offered by LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland ("
LinkedIn
"), to communicate with customers and inform them about services. Only simple links or plugins that do not connect to social networks upon page loading are used.
We use the technical platform and services of LinkedIn to operate the respective Fan Page. We would like to point out that you use our Fan Page and its functions on your own responsibility. This applies in particular to the use of interactive functions (e.g. commenting, sharing, rating). When you visit our Fan Page, LinkedIn may collect certain technical data (including the IP address of your end device) and other information that is stored on your end device in the form of Cookies. We have no influence on and no details about the processing of your data by LinkedIn. Data processing may differ depending on whether you are registered and logged in to the LinkedIn network or whether you visit the page as a non-registered and/or non-logged-in user. LinkedIn may track your movement on the LinkedIn network or visits on websites with integrated LinkedIn plugins. LinkedIn may assign the collected information to your user profile. This data can be used to personalize content or advertising to you. If you wish to avoid this, you should log out or deactivate the “stay logged in” function, delete the cookies on your device and restart your browser. Please also note that the data collected about you in this context may be transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA), in particular the USA, by the respective provider of the social network and processed there. Further information on the data processing by LinkedIn are available in their privacy policy at
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
.
We operate our Fan Page to communicate with the users active there and to be able to provide the latest news. We process the data from your use of the Fan Page that you provide to us and that require interaction. For example, if you ask us a question via a Fan Page, we process your information in order to answer your query appropriately.
When you visit our Fan Pages, LinkedIn also process personal data to provide us with statistics and insights into the use of our Fan Pages. The statistics help us to adapt our Fan Pages according to user needs and thus to continuously optimize them, which can also be done for market research and advertising purposes. We only receive statistical reports that do not allow us to identify individual users of LinkedIn or draw conclusions about them. The processing of data for statistical purposes is carried out by us and LinkedIn under joint responsibility in accordance with Art. 26 GDPR. We have regulated the conditions and obligations as joint controllers with the providers in an agreement, which is available at
https://legal.linkedin.com/pages-joint-controller-addendum
.
The aforementioned data processing by us is based on our legitimate interests in the operation of a Fan Page on the LinkedIn network, in the communication and interaction with the LinkedIn users, and in the evaluation of user interactions to improve the Fan Page. The data processing is therefore based in each case on Art. 6 sec. 1 lit. f GDPR.
To exercise your rights as a data subject, you can contact us or the provider of the respective social network. If one party is not responsible for responding or must receive the information from the other party, we or the provider will then forward your request to the respective partner. Please contact the respective provider of the social network directly if you have any questions about the profiling and processing of your data when using the Fan Page. If you have any questions about the processing of your interaction with us on our Fan Page, please write to the contact details provided by us above.
3. Website
3.1 Informative Use of the Website (Logs)
As part of a visit of the Wire Website for information purposes only (i.e. use without registration, login or communication with the provider via the website), information is automatically sent to the provider's server by the user's browser and temporarily stored there in a so-called log file. In this context, Wire collects and processes the following information and personal data in particular:
IP address
Date and time of accessing the Website
Time zone difference to Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)
Content of the request (specific page)
Amount of data transferred
Browser type and browser settings
Language and version of the browser software
Operating system used
Last page visited by the user
Access status/HTTP status code.
This information  is technically necessary for Wire to deliver the Website and to ensure its stability and security. The personal data collected when the website is accessed, in particular the user's IP address, will be deleted no later than thirty (30) days after collection, unless an attack or threat by the user has been recognized.
Insofar as Wire collects and processes the user's personal data, in particular the user's IP address, when the Wire Website is accessed and visited, the legal basis for this is Art. 6 sec. 1 lit. f GDPR. Wire has a  legitimate interest  in providing the Website in a stable, secure, and safe manner. In particular, Wire intends to ensure a level of protection appropriate to the risk for the personal data it processes, to ensure network and information security and to optimize the Wire Website and protect it from attacks, disruptions and damage.
3.2 HubSpot: Hosting, Cookie Banner, CRM, Analytics
We use tools and hosting services provided by HubSpot, Inc., Cambridge, Massachusetts, US ("HubSpot") with a branch in Ireland (HubSpot European Headquarters, Ground Floor, Two Dockland Central, Guild Street, Dublin 1, Ireland) to provide the Website and certain features. In particular:
We host the Website on EU servers operated by HubSpot to make it available on the internet;
We have integrated the HubSpot Cookie Banner on our Website to obtain and document visitors’ consent to the storage of Cookies on our Website;
We have integrated HubSpot Forms on our Website to provide a user-friendly way to contact us via we forms;
We use the HubSpot CRM tool to process requests by visitors, users, or customers properly and efficiently.
When you visit our Website or when you use a service provided by HubSpot (e.g., the HubSpot Cookie Banner or form), certain technical data about your end device (IP address, information about the operating system and browser used, browser language, etc.) and any information entered by you in the respective tool (e.g., cookie settings, entries in the respective forms) are transmitted to Hubspot's servers. We use European server locations (i.e. servers of our partner HubSpot Ireland), so that the data is generally not transmitted to server locations in third countries outside the EU or the EEA. If Hubspot transfers data to the USA in individual cases, this data transfer takes place on the basis of Art. 45 GDPR, as Hubspot is certified according to the so-called EU-US Data Privacy Framework and is therefore subject to an adequacy decision of the EU Commission.
We have concluded a data processing agreement with Hubspot. Hubspot only processes the data in accordance with our instructions and on our behalf. The transfer of data to Hubspot is therefore based on Art. 28 GDPR. Hubspot only uses the data received as part of the CRM system for the technical processing of inquiries and does not pass it on to third parties.
The above data processing is based on Art. 6 sec. 1 lit. f GDPR (legitimate interest). Our legitimate interests are to provide site visitors with our Website featuring a legally compliant and user-friendly cookie banner solution, easy to use contact forms, and to provide us with an efficient CRM system to properly process user requests.
With your consent, HubSpot also uses Cookies to analyze your use of the Website and the use of the newsletter for statistical and marketing purposes. The statistical analyses and evaluations of logged user behavior help us to optimize our Website and further develop it based on user needs.  We also use information to determine which of our company's services are of interest to customers and newsletter subscribers and to contact them for advertising purposes.
The HubSpot Cookies are stored for a maximum period of 12 months and then automatically deleted. If this analytics feature is activated, the data collected with HubSpot (including technical information such as IP address, URL and language of the browser, approximate location, duration of a visit, privacy settings, interactions on the Website) can be linked to the information you provide to us in the forms and evaluated together.  We receive the raw data collected and the statistical reports from HubSpot.
We only use these functions of HubSpot and the corresponding Cookies if you have given us your consent to the use of marketing Cookies on the Website or to the evaluation of the use of our newsletter (see the section on newsletters above) and the associated data processing.
The service is used on the basis of your consent in accordance with Art. 31 sec. 1 FADP and Art. 6 sec. 1 lit. a GDPR. You can freely withdraw your consent at any time with effect for the future, e.g. in the cookie banner on our Website.
3.3 Google Fonts
Our Website uses Google Fonts for the integration of external fonts, a service provided by Google Ireland Ltd (Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland; hereinafter referred to as ‘Google’).
The integration of Google Fonts takes place locally on our own server, so that no direct connection to Google's servers is established when you visit our Website.
Insofar as data processing is carried out, this is done for the purpose of the uniform presentation of fonts and icons. The legal basis is therefore our legitimate interest in the uniform presentation in accordance with Art. 31 sec. 1 FADP and Art. 6 sec. 1 lit. f GDPR.
4. Wire Messenger and App
4.1 Download of the Wire App
When downloading the App, the operator of the app shop through which the App is made available (for example Apple, Inc. for the App Store and Google LLC for the Google Play Store) collects personal data required for the download. This data may include your name, your email address and your postal code, time of download, the IP address, and the individual device identification number of your end device (so-called IMEI), as well as your payment information, if applicable. This collection and processing of your personal data is, however, basically carried out solely by the respective app shop operator, without participation or influence by Wire. Further details on this data processing are available in the privacy policy of the relevant app shop operator.
We process the personal data provided by the app shop operator only to the extent necessary for the download and provision of the App. If we process personal data in the course of installation, this is done on the basis of the contract for the download and use of the Wire App that you have concluded, in accordance with Art. 6 sect. 1 lit. b GDPR.
4.2 Messenger Analytics
With your consent, we use the analytics tool "
Countly
" in Wire cloud to help us fix errors and further optimize the Wire Messenger based on user needs. Countly collects and analyses crash reports and information on certain other events, such as when a particular feature is activated. This gives us statistical information that helps us improve the stability and features of the Messenger.
When Countly is activated, certain information about your use of the Messenger, such as whether and when an error occurs or a certain event occurs (e.g., opening or closing of the App, using of a particular feature), and other technical information (e.g., IP address, app version, device type, operating system) is collected using a pseudonymous ID generated by Countly. The information is transmitted to our (self-hosted) EU servers. Any ID and information stored by Countly are automatically deleted from your device no later than 365.
We do
not
use the information transmitted by Countly to identify you. We cannot link this information to your Wire account, since it is only sent to a (self-hosted) server which is separated from the Wire servers hosting the Wire user accounts or the Messenger. We also do not store any IP addresses collected by Countly. We do not share the information with third parties. Countly is self-hosted by Wire on EU servers, so no data collected or analyzed by Countly is shared with the tool provider (Countly Ltd, with its principal place of business located at 9th Floor 107 Cheapside London United Kingdom EC2V 6DN) or any other third party. The data is not transferred to countries outside of the EU or EEA. We only use the collected information to create anonymous statistics and reports about the stability, functionality, and usage patterns related to the Messenger.
We only use Countly in the Messenger with your consent which is obtained through a consent banner integrated in our Messenger. Therefore, the legal basis for the data processing as described above is user consent (Art. 31 sec. 1 FADP or Art. 6 sec. 1 lit. a GDPR). You can withdraw your consent at any time with effect for the future. Please make the appropriate settings via our consent banner.
5. Transfer, Storage Period, and Rights
5.1 Third Parties / Data Transfer to Third Countries
To provide Wire services, Wire uses the services of its affiliate companies, in particular Wire Germany GmbH, a limited liability company located in Germany.
For processing data of business prospects and business account users, Wire uses the following third parties:
Subprocessor
Function
Server location
Amazon Web Services (AWS)
Hosting
EU
Hetzner
Hosting
Germany
Google Workplace
E-mail Provider
EU
Box
Signature Management
EU
Zendesk
Customer Support
EU
Countly
Product Analytics
Germany
Stripe
Payment Services
USA
Contract Hero
Contract Management
EU
Salesforce
CRM-Services
Germany
HubSpot
Website Hosting & Marketing Activities, CRM Services
EU
Wire only shares personal data with third parties if and to the extent necessary to provide the third party's service (e.g., to respond to a support request), if legally required, or if it is necessary to enforce the terms of service and/or protect Wire's rights. Wire will not disclose your data to public authorities unless Wire is required to do so under Swiss law.
Additionally, to the extent permitted by data protection law, Wire may disclose your personal data to third parties if we (or our affiliates) are acquired by or involved in a transaction with similar financial implications. In such cases, we will make reasonable efforts to ensure the third party processes your data in accordance with this privacy policy. If your personal data is subsequently used in a manner different from what is described in this policy, we will ask the third party to notify you in advance.
If Wire transfers personal data to third parties located outside Switzerland (see the list of third parties above), Wire ensures that (i) the third party is located in a country recognized by Switzerland and the European Commission as providing an adequate level of data protection, and/or (ii) Wire has entered into "Standard Contractual Clauses" with the third party and/or (iii) another safeguard or an exception under FADP and GDPR applies. If you use third-party services like YouTube, Spotify, Giphy, etc., via the Wire application, any data you share with these services is subject to their privacy policies.
5.2 Storage Period
Where we have not explicitly stated a retention period in this privacy policy, the following applies: We will only process your personal data for as long as is necessary to achieve the purpose of the processing. As soon as the purpose of the processing no longer applies, we will delete your data immediately, unless there are legitimate reasons within the meaning of the applicable legal regulations (e.g. Art. 17 sec. 3 GDPR), such as in particular legally prescribed retention periods, to prevent deletion. In this case, the data will be deleted immediately after the retention period has expired.
Data that we process on the basis of your consent will be deleted immediately after you withdraw your consent, unless statutory regulations prevent deletion.
5.3 Your Legal Rights as a Data Subject
Under the applicable data protection laws, in particular the Swiss Federal Act of Data Protection (FADP) and the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), you as the data subject have certain rights in relation to the processing of your personal data. These rights include:
right of access (Art. 25 FADP / Art. 15 GDPR)
: You have the right to request confirmation as to whether we are processing personal data about you. If this is the case, you can request information about the processed data and further information, such as the processing purposes, the categories of data, the recipients and the planned storage period.
right to rectification (Art. 32 FADP / Art. 16 GDPR)
: If your personal data is incorrect or incomplete, you have the right to request the immediate rectification or completion of this data.
right to erasure (right to be forgotten) (Art. 32 FADP / Art. 17 GDPR)
: You have the right to request the erasure of your personal data if one of the following grounds applies
The data is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was collected.
You withdraw your consent and there is no other legal basis.
The data has been processed unlawfully.
The deletion is necessary to fulfill a legal obligation.
right to restriction of processing (Art. 32 FADP / Art. 18 GDPR)
: You have the right to request the restriction of the processing of your personal data if
You contest the accuracy of the data, for a period enabling us to verify the accuracy.
The processing is unlawful, but you request the restriction of use instead of erasure.
We no longer need the data, but you need it for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
right to data portability (Art. 28 FADP / Art. 20 GDPR)
: You have the right to receive the personal data that you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and to request its transmission to another controller, provided this is technically feasible.
right to object (Art. 32 FADP / Art. 21 GDPR)
: You have the right to object at any time to the processing of your personal data, which is based on a legitimate interest. In this case, we will cease processing unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms.
right to withdraw consent (Art. 7 sec. 3 GDPR / Art. 31 FADP)
: You have the right to withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal data at any time. The revocation applies to the future and does not affect the legality of the processing up to the time of revocation.
right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority (Art. 77 GDPR / Art. 49 FADP)
: If you believe that the processing of your personal data violates data protection laws, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a competent data protection supervisory authority. In Switzerland, this is the Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC); in the EU, you can contact the competent data protection authority in your country of residence.
5.4 No Automated Decision-Making
We do not use automated decision-making in accordance with Art. 22 sec. 1 and 4 GDPR, i.e. we do not use web-based systems to create user profiles and make automated decisions based on them with legal effect or similar detriment to you.
5.5 No Legal Obligation to Provide Data
You are not contractually or legally obliged to provide personal data on the Website, Fan Pages, or other Wire Services. However, without the provision of certain technical data (e.g. the IP address and other log data), Wire Services can generally not be used.
5.6 Notification of Changes
This privacy policy may change from time to time, and we will make the updated policy available on the website.
5.7 Terms of Service
Please refer to the terms of service governing the use of the website and the service, as they also govern the terms of this privacy policy.
Last update: January 2025
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://wire-docs.wire.com/download/Wire+Privacy+Whitepaper.pdf:

Sub-policy 1
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Skip to main content
LinkedIn respects your privacy
LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including
professional and job ads
) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our
Cookie Policy
.
Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your
settings
.
Accept
Reject
Privacy Policy
Effective September 18, 2024
LinkedIn's global Privacy Policy below applies worldwide. If you're located in the EU, EEA, UK, or Switzerland, you can review additional information that will apply to you in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
Your Privacy Matters
LinkedIn’s mission is to connect the world’s professionals to allow them to be more productive and successful. Central to this mission is our commitment to be transparent about the data we collect about you, how it is used and with whom it is shared.
This Privacy Policy applies when you use our Services (described below). We offer our users
choices
about the data we collect, use and share as described in this Privacy Policy,
Cookie Policy
, Settings and our
Help Center.
Choices
﻿
Settings
are available to Members of LinkedIn and Visitors are provided separate controls.
Learn More
.
Table of Contents
Data We Collect
How We Use Your Data
How We Share Information
Your Choices and Obligations
Other Important Information
Introduction
We are a social network and online platform for professionals. People use our Services to find and be found for business opportunities, to connect with others and find information. Our Privacy Policy applies to any Member or Visitor to our Services.
Our registered users (“Members”) share their professional identities, engage with their network, exchange knowledge and professional insights, post and view relevant content, learn and develop skills, and find business and career opportunities. Content and data on some of our Services is viewable to non-Members (“Visitors”).
We use the term “Designated Countries” to refer to countries in the European Union (EU), European Economic Area (EEA), and Switzerland. Members and Visitors located in the Designated Countries or the UK can review additional information in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
Services
This Privacy Policy, including our Cookie Policy applies to your use of our Services.
This Privacy Policy applies to LinkedIn.com, LinkedIn-branded apps, and other LinkedIn-branded sites, apps, communications and services offered by LinkedIn (“Services”), including off-site Services, such as our ad services and the “Apply with LinkedIn” and “Share with LinkedIn” plugins, but excluding services that state that they are offered under a different privacy policy. For California residents, additional disclosures required by California law may be found in our
California Privacy Disclosure
.
Data Controllers and Contracting Parties
If you are in the “Designated Countries”, LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company (“LinkedIn Ireland”) will be the controller of your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services.
If you are outside of the Designated Countries, LinkedIn Corporation will be the controller of (or business responsible for) your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services.
As a Visitor or Member of our Services, the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to this Privacy Policy and other documents referenced in this Privacy Policy, as well as updates.
Change
Changes to the Privacy Policy apply to your use of our Services after the “effective date.”
LinkedIn (“we” or “us”) can modify this Privacy Policy, and if we make material changes to it, we will provide notice through our Services, or by other means, to provide you the opportunity to review the changes before they become effective. If you object to any changes, you may
close your account.
You acknowledge that your continued use of our Services after we publish or send a notice about our changes to this Privacy Policy means that the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to the updated Privacy Policy, as of its effective date.
1. Data We Collect
1.1 Data You Provide To Us
You provide data to create an account with us.
Registration
To create an account you need to provide data including your name, email address and/or mobile number, general location (e.g., city), and a password. If you register for a premium Service, you will need to provide payment (e.g., credit card) and billing information.
You create your LinkedIn profile (a complete profile helps you get the most from our Services).
Profile
You have
choices
about the information on your profile, such as your education, work experience, skills, photo,
city or area
, endorsements, and optional
verifications
of information on your profile (such as verifications of your identity or workplace). You don’t have to provide additional information on your profile; however, profile information helps you to get more from our Services, including helping recruiters and business opportunities find you. It’s your choice whether to include
sensitive information
on your profile and to make that sensitive information public. Please do not post or add personal data to your profile that you would not want to be publicly available.
You may give other data to us, such as by syncing your calendar.
Posting and Uploading
We collect personal data from you when you provide, post or upload it to our Services, such as when you fill out a form, (e.g., with demographic data or salary), respond to a survey, or submit a resume or fill out a job application on our Services.
If you sync your calendars with our Services, we will collect your calendar meeting information to keep growing your network by suggesting connections for you and others, and by providing information about events, e.g. times, places, attendees and contacts.
You don’t have to post or upload personal data; though if you don’t, it may limit your ability to grow and engage with your network over our Services.
1.2 Data From Others
Others may post or write about you.
Content and News
You and others may post content that includes information about you (as part of articles, posts, comments, videos) on our Services. We also may collect public information about you, such as professional-related news and accomplishments, and make it available as part of our Services, including, as permitted by your settings, in notifications to others of
mentions in the news
.
Others may sync their calendar with our Services
Contact and Calendar Information
We receive personal data (including contact information) about you when others import or sync their calendar with our Services, associate their contacts with Member profiles, scan and upload business cards, or send messages using our Services (including invites or connection requests). If you or others opt-in to sync email accounts with our Services, we will also collect “email header” information that we can associate with Member profiles.
Customers and partners may provide data to us.
Partners
We receive personal data (e.g., your job title and work email address) about you when you use the services of our customers and partners, such as employers or prospective employers and applicant tracking systems providing us job application data.
Related Companies and Other Services
We receive data about you when you use some of the other services provided by us or our
Affiliates
, including Microsoft. For example, you may choose to send us information about your contacts in Microsoft apps and services, such as Outlook, for improved professional networking activities on our Services
1.3 Service Use
We log your visits and use of our Services, including mobile apps.
We log usage data when you visit or otherwise use our Services, including our sites, app and platform technology, such as when you view or click on content (e.g., learning video) or ads (on or off our sites and apps), perform a search, install or update one of our mobile apps, share articles or apply for jobs. We use log-ins, cookies,
device information
and internet protocol (“IP”) addresses to identify you and log your use.
1.4 Cookies and Similar Technologies
We collect data through cookies and similar technologies.
As further described in our
Cookie Policy
, we use cookies and similar technologies (e.g., pixels and ad tags) to collect data (e.g., device IDs) to recognize you and your device(s) on, off and across different services and devices where you have engaged with our Services. We also allow some others to use cookies as described in our Cookie Policy. If you are outside the Designated Countries, we also collect (or rely on others who collect) information about your device where you have not engaged with our Services (e.g., ad ID, IP address, operating system and browser information) so we can provide our Members with relevant ads and better understand their effectiveness.
Learn more
. You can
opt out
from our use of data from cookies and similar technologies that track your behavior on the sites of others for ad targeting and other ad-related purposes. For Visitors,
the controls are
here
.
1.5 Your Device and Location
We receive data through cookies and similar technologies
When you visit or leave our Services (including some plugins and our cookies or similar technology on the sites of others), we receive the URL of both the site you came from and the one you go to and the time of your visit. We also get information about your network and device (e.g., IP address, proxy server, operating system, web browser and add-ons, device identifier and features, cookie IDs and/or ISP, or your mobile carrier). If you use our Services from a mobile device, that device will send us data about your location based on your phone settings. We will ask you to opt-in before we use GPS or other tools to identify your precise location.
1.6 Communications
If you communicate through our Services, we learn about that.
We collect information about you when you communicate with others through our Services (e.g., when you send, receive, or engage with messages, events, or connection requests, including our marketing communications). This may include information that indicates who you are communicating with and when. We also use
automated systems
to support and protect our site. For example, we use such systems to suggest possible responses to messages and to manage or block content that violates our User Agreement or
Professional Community Policies
.
1.7 Workplace and School Provided Information
When your organization (e.g., employer or school) buys a premium Service for you to use, they give us data about you.
Others buying our Services for your use, such as your employer or your school, provide us with personal data about you and your eligibility to use the Services that they purchase for use by their workers, students or alumni. For example, we will get contact information for “
LinkedIn Page
” (formerly Company Page) administrators and for authorizing users of our premium Services, such as our recruiting, sales or learning products.
1.8 Sites and Services of Others
We get data when you visit sites that include our ads, cookies or plugins or when you log-in to others’ services with your LinkedIn account.
We receive information about your visits and interaction with services provided by others when you log-in with LinkedIn or visit others’ services that include some of our plugins (such as “Apply with LinkedIn”) or our ads, cookies or similar technologies.
1.9 Other
We are improving our Services, which means we get new data and create new ways to use data.
Our Services are dynamic, and we often introduce new features, which may require the collection of new information. If we collect materially different personal data or materially change how we collect, use or share your data, we will notify you and may also modify this Privacy Policy.
Affiliates
Affiliates are companies controlling, controlled by or under common control with us, including, for example, LinkedIn Ireland, LinkedIn Corporation, LinkedIn Singapore and Microsoft Corporation.
2. How We Use Your Data
We use your data to provide, support, personalize and develop our Services.
How we use your personal data will depend on which Services you use, how you use those Services and the choices you make in your
settings
. We may use your personal data to improve, develop, and provide products and Services, develop and train artificial intelligence (AI) models, develop, provide, and personalize our Services, and gain insights with the help of AI, automated systems, and inferences, so that our Services can be more relevant and useful to you and others. You can review LinkedIn's Responsible AI principles
here
and learn more about our approach to generative AI
here
.
Learn more
about the inferences we may make, including as to
your age and gender
and how we use them.
2.1 Services
Our Services help you connect with others, find and be found for work and business opportunities, stay informed, get training and be more productive.
We use your data to authorize access to our Services and honor your settings.
Stay Connected
Our Services allow you to stay in touch and up to date with colleagues, partners, clients, and other professional contacts. To do so, you can “connect” with the professionals who you choose, and who also wish to “connect” with you. Subject to your and their
settings
, when you connect with other Members, you will be able to search each others’ connections in order to exchange professional opportunities.
We use data about you (such as your profile, profiles you have viewed or data provided through address book uploads or partner integrations) to help others find your profile, suggest connections for you and others (e.g. Members who share your contacts or job experiences) and enable you to invite others to become a Member and connect with you. You can also opt-in to allow us to use your precise location or proximity to others for certain tasks (e.g. to suggest other nearby Members for you to connect with, calculate the commute to a new job, or notify your connections that you are at a professional event).
It is your choice whether to invite someone to our Services, send a connection request, or allow another Member to become your connection. When you invite someone to connect with you, your invitation will include your network and basic profile information (e.g., name, profile photo, job title, region). We will send invitation reminders to the person you invited. You can
choose
whether or not to share your own list of connections with your connections.
Visitors have
choices
about how we use their data.
Stay Informed
Our Services allow you to stay informed about news, events and ideas regarding professional topics you care about, and from professionals you respect. Our Services also allow you to improve your professional skills, or learn new ones. We use the data we have about you (e.g., data you provide, data we collect from your engagement with our Services and inferences we make from the data we have about you), to personalize our Services for you, such as by recommending or ranking relevant content and conversations on our Services. We also use the data we have about you to suggest skills you could add to your profile and skills that you might need to pursue your next opportunity. So, if you let us know that you are interested in a new skill (e.g., by watching a learning video), we will use this information to personalize content in your feed, suggest that you follow certain Members on our site, or suggest related learning content to help you towards that new skill. We use your content, activity and other data, including your name and photo, to provide notices to your network and others. For example, subject to your
settings
, we may notify others that you have updated your profile, posted content, took a
social action
, used a feature, made new connections or were
mentioned in the news
.
Career
Our Services allow you to explore careers, evaluate educational opportunities, and seek out, and be found for, career opportunities. Your profile can be found by those looking to hire (for a job or a
specific task
) or be hired by you. We will use your data to recommend jobs and show you and others relevant professional contacts (e.g., who work at a company, in an industry, function or location or have certain skills and connections). You can signal that you are
interested
in changing jobs and share information with recruiters. We will use your data to recommend jobs to you and you to recruiters. We may use automated systems to provide content and recommendations to help make our Services more relevant to our Members, Visitors and customers. Keeping your profile accurate and up-to-date may help you better connect to others and to opportunities through our Services.
Productivity
Our Services allow you to collaborate with colleagues, search for potential clients, customers, partners and others to do business with. Our Services allow you to communicate with other Members and schedule and prepare meetings with them. If your
settings
allow, we scan messages to provide “bots” or similar tools that facilitate tasks such as scheduling meetings, drafting responses, summarizing messages or recommending next steps.
Learn more
.
2.2 Premium Services
Our premium Services help paying users to search for and contact Members through our Services, such as searching for and contacting job candidates, sales leads and co-workers, manage talent and promote content.
We sell premium Services that provide our customers and subscribers with customized-search functionality and tools (including messaging and activity alerts) as part of our talent, marketing and sales solutions. Customers can export limited information from your profile, such as name, headline, current company, current title, and general location (e.g., Dublin), such as to manage sales leads or talent, unless you
opt-out
. We do not provide contact information to customers as part of these premium Services without your consent. Premium Services customers can store information they have about you in our premium Services, such as a resume or contact information or sales history. The data stored about you by these customers is subject to the policies of those customers. Other enterprise Services and features that use your data include
TeamLink
and
LinkedIn Pages
(e.g., content analytics and followers).
2.3 Communications
We contact you and enable communications between Members. We offer settings to control what messages you receive and how often you receive some types of messages.
We will contact you through email, mobile phone, notices posted on our websites or apps, messages to your LinkedIn inbox, and other ways through our Services, including text messages and push notifications. We will send you messages about the availability of our Services, security, or other service-related issues. We also send messages about how to use our Services, network updates, reminders, job suggestions and promotional messages from us and our partners. You may change your communication
preferences
at any time. Please be aware that you cannot opt out of receiving service messages from us, including security and legal notices.
We also enable
communications
between you and others through our Services, including for example
invitations
,
InMail
,
groups
and
messages
between connections.
2.4 Advertising
We serve you tailored ads both on and off our Services. We offer you choices regarding personalized ads, but you cannot opt-out of seeing non-personalized ads.
We target (and measure the performance of) ads to Members, Visitors and others both on and off our Services directly or through a variety of partners, using the following data, whether separately or combined:
Data collected by advertising technologies on and off our Services using pixels, ad tags (e.g., when an advertiser installs a LinkedIn
tag
on their website), cookies, and other device identifiers;
Member-provided information (e.g., profile, contact information, title and industry);
Data from your use of our Services (e.g., search history, feed, content you read, who you follow or is following you, connections,
groups
participation, page visits, videos you watch, clicking on an ad, etc.), including as described in Section 1.3;
Information from advertising
partners
, vendors and
publishers
; and
Information inferred from data described above (e.g., using job titles from a profile to infer industry, seniority, and compensation bracket; using graduation dates to infer age or using first names or pronoun usage to infer gender; using your feed activity to infer your interests; or using device data to recognize you as a Member).
Learn more
about the inferences we make and how they may be used for advertising.
Learn more
about the ad technologies we use and our advertising services and partners. You can learn more about our compliance with laws in the Designated Countries or the UK in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
We will show you ads called
sponsored content
which look similar to non-sponsored content, except that they are labeled as advertising (e.g., as “ad” or “sponsored”). If you take a social action (such as like, comment or share) on these ads, your action is associated with your name and viewable by others, including the advertiser. Subject to your
settings
, if you take a social action on the LinkedIn Services, that action may be mentioned with related ads. For example, when you like a company we may include your name and photo when their sponsored content is shown.
Ad Choices
You have choices regarding our uses of certain categories of data to show you more relevant ads. Member settings
can be found here
. For Visitors,
the setting is here
.
Info to Ad Providers
We do not share your personal data with any third-party advertisers or ad networks except for: (i) hashed IDs or device identifiers (to the extent they are personal data in some countries); (ii) with your separate permission (e.g., in a lead generation form) or (iii) data already visible to any users of the Services (e.g., profile). However, if you view or click on an ad on or off our Services, the ad provider will get a signal that someone visited the page that displayed the ad, and they may, through the use of mechanisms such as cookies, determine it is you. Advertising partners can associate personal data collected by the advertiser directly from you with hashed IDs or device identifiers received from us. We seek to contractually require such advertising partners to obtain your explicit, opt-in consent before doing so where legally required, and in such instances, we take steps to ensure that consent has been provided before processing data from them.
2.5 Marketing
We promote our Services to you and others.
In addition to advertising our Services, we use Members’ data and content for invitations and communications promoting membership and network growth, engagement and our Services, such as by showing your connections that you have used a feature on our Services.
2.6 Developing Services and Research
We develop our Services and conduct research
Service Development
We use data, including public feedback, to conduct
research
and development for our Services in order to provide you and others with a better, more intuitive and personalized experience, drive membership growth and engagement on our Services, and help connect professionals to each other and to economic opportunity.
Other Research
We seek to create economic opportunity for Members of the global workforce and to help them be more productive and successful. We use the personal data available to us to research social, economic and workplace trends, such as jobs availability and skills needed for these
jobs
and policies that help bridge the gap in various industries and geographic areas. In some cases, we work with trusted third parties to perform this research, under
controls
that are designed to protect your privacy. We may also make public data available to
researchers
to enable assessment of the safety and legal compliance of our Services. We publish or allow others to publish economic insights, presented as aggregated data rather than personal data.
Surveys
Polls and surveys are conducted by us and others through our Services. You are not obligated to respond to polls or surveys, and you have choices about the information you provide. You may
opt-out
of survey invitations.
2.7 Customer Support
We use data to help you and fix problems.
We use data (which can include your communications) to investigate, respond to and resolve complaints and for Service issues (e.g., bugs).
2.8 Insights That Do Not Identify You
We use data to generate insights that do not identify you.
We use your
data
to perform analytics to produce and share insights that do not identify you. For example, we may use your data to generate statistics about our Members, their profession or industry, to calculate ad impressions served or clicked on (e.g., for basic business reporting to support billing and budget management or, subject to your
settings
, for reports to advertisers who may use them to inform their advertising campaigns), to show Members' information about engagement with a
post
or LinkedIn
Page
, to publish visitor demographics for a Service or create demographic workforce insights, or to understand usage of our services.
2.9 Security and Investigations
We use data for security, fraud prevention and investigations.
We and our Affiliates, including Microsoft, may use your data (including your communications) for security purposes or to prevent or investigate possible fraud or other violations of the law, our
User Agreement
and/or attempts to harm our Members, Visitors, company, Affiliates, or others.
Social Action
E.g. like, comment, follow, share
Partners
Partners include ad networks, exchanges and others
3. How We Share Information
3.1 Our Services
Any data that you include on your profile and any content you post or social action (e.g., likes, follows, comments, shares) you take on our Services will be seen by others, consistent with your settings.
Profile
Your profile is fully visible to all Members and customers of our Services. Subject to your
settings
, it can also be visible to others on or off of our Services (e.g., Visitors to our Services or users of third-party search tools). As detailed in our
Help Center
, your settings, degree of connection with the viewing Member, the subscriptions they may have, their
usage of our Services
, access channels and search types (e.g., by name or by keyword) impact the availability of your profile and whether they can view certain fields in your profile.
Posts, Likes, Follows, Comments, Messages
Our Services allow viewing and sharing information including through posts, likes, follows and comments.
When you share an article or a post (e.g., an update, image, video or article) publicly it can be viewed by everyone and re-shared anywhere (subject to your
settings
). Members, Visitors and others will be able to find and see your publicly-shared content, including your name (and photo if you have provided one).
In a
group
, posts are visible to others according to group type. For example, posts in private groups are visible to others in the group and posts in public groups are visible publicly. Your membership in groups is public and part of your profile, but you can change visibility in your
settings
.
Any information you share through companies’ or other organizations’ pages on our Services will be viewable by those organizations and others who view those pages' content.
When you follow a person or organization, you are visible to others and that “page owner” as a follower.
We let senders know when you act on their message, subject to your
settings
where applicable.
Subject to your
settings
, we let a Member know when you view their profile. We also give you
choices
about letting organizations know when you've viewed their Page.
When you like or re-share or comment on another’s content (including ads), others will be able to view these “social actions” and associate it with you (e.g., your name, profile and photo if you provided it).
Your employer can see how you use Services they provided for your work (e.g. as a recruiter or sales agent) and related information. We will not show them your job searches or personal messages.
Enterprise Accounts
Your employer may offer you access to our enterprise Services such as Recruiter, Sales Navigator, LinkedIn Learning or our advertising Campaign Manager. Your employer can review and manage your use of such enterprise Services.
Depending on the enterprise Service, before you use such Service, we will ask for permission to share with your employer relevant data from your profile or use of our non-enterprise Services. For example, users of Sales Navigator will be asked to share their “social selling index”, a score calculated in part based on their personal account activity. We understand that certain activities such as job hunting and personal messages are sensitive, and so we do not share those with your employer unless you choose to share it with them through our Services (for example, by applying for a new position in the same company or mentioning your job hunting in a message to a co-worker through our Services).
Subject to your
settings
, when you use workplace tools and services (e.g., interactive employee directory tools) certain of your data may also be made available to your employer or be connected with information we receive from your employer to enable these tools and services.
3.2 Communication Archival
Regulated Members may need to store communications outside of our Service.
Some Members (or their employers) need, for legal or professional compliance, to archive their communications and social media activity, and will use services of others to provide these archival services. We enable archiving of messages by and to those Members outside of our Services. For example, a financial advisor needs to archive communications with her clients through our Services in order to maintain her professional financial advisor license.
3.3 Others’ Services
You may link your account with others’ services so that they can look up your contacts’ profiles, post your shares on such platforms, or enable you to start conversations with your connections on such platforms. Excerpts from your profile will also appear on the services of others.
Subject to your
settings
, other services may look up your profile. When you opt to link your account with other services, personal data (e.g., your name, title, and company) will become available to them. The sharing and use of that personal data will be described in, or linked to, a consent screen when you opt to link the accounts. For example, you may link your Twitter or WeChat account to share content from our Services into these other services, or your email provider may give you the option to upload your LinkedIn contacts into its own service. Third-party services have their own privacy policies, and you may be giving them permission to use your data in ways we would not. You may
revoke
the link with such accounts.
The information you make available to others in our Services (e.g., information from your profile, your posts, your engagement with the posts, or message to Pages)
may be available to them on other services
. For example, search tools, mail and calendar applications, or talent and lead managers may show a user limited profile data (subject to your
settings
), and social media management tools or other platforms may display your posts. The information retained on these services may not reflect updates you make on LinkedIn.
3.4 Related Services
We share your data across our different Services and LinkedIn affiliated entities.
We will share your personal data with our Affiliates to provide and develop our Services. For example, we may refer a query to Bing in some instances, such as where you'd benefit from a more up to date response in a chat experience. In regions outside the Designated Countries, we may also share your publicly-shared content (such as your public LinkedIn posts) with our Affiliates, including Microsoft, to provide or develop their services.
Where allowed
, we may combine information internally across the different Services covered by this Privacy Policy to help our Services be more relevant and useful to you and others. For example, we may personalize your feed or job recommendations based on your learning history.
3.5 Service Providers
We may use others to help us with our Services.
We use others to help us provide our Services (e.g., maintenance, analysis, audit, payments, fraud detection, customer support, marketing and development). They will have access to your information (e.g., the contents of a customer support request) as reasonably necessary to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for other purposes. If you purchase a Service from us, we may use a payments service provider who may separately collect information about you (e.g., for fraud prevention or to comply with legal obligations).
3.6 Legal Disclosures
We may need to share your data when we believe it’s required by law or to help protect the rights and safety of you, us or others.
It is possible that we will need to disclose information about you when required by law, subpoena, or other legal process or if we have a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to (1) investigate, prevent or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities or to assist government enforcement agencies; (2) enforce our agreements with you; (3) investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations; (4) protect the security or integrity of our Services or the products or services of our Affiliates (such as by sharing with companies facing similar threats); or (5) exercise or protect the rights and safety of LinkedIn, our Members, personnel or others. We attempt to notify Members about legal demands for their personal data when appropriate in our judgment, unless prohibited by law or court order or when the request is an emergency. We may dispute such demands when we believe, in our discretion, that the requests are overbroad, vague or lack proper authority, but we do not promise to challenge every demand. To learn more see our
Data Request Guidelines
and
Transparency Report
.
3.7 Change in Control or Sale
We may share your data when our business is sold to others, but it must continue to be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We can also share your personal data as part of a sale, merger or change in control, or in preparation for any of these events. Any other entity which buys us or part of our business will have the right to continue to use your data, but only in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy unless you agree otherwise.
4. Your Choices & Obligations
4.1 Data Retention
We keep most of your personal data for as long as your account is open.
We generally retain your personal data as long as you keep your account open or as needed to provide you Services. This includes data you or others provided to us and data generated or inferred from your use of our Services. Even if you only use our Services when looking for a new job every few years, we will retain your information and keep your profile open, unless you close your account. In some cases we choose to retain certain information (e.g., insights about Services use) in a depersonalized or aggregated form.
4.2 Rights to Access and Control Your Personal Data
You can access or delete your personal data. You have many choices about how your data is collected, used and shared.
We provide many
choices
about the collection, use and sharing of your data, from deleting or correcting data you include in your
profile
and controlling the visibility of your
posts
to advertising
opt-outs
and
communication
controls. We offer you
settings
to control and manage the personal data we have about you.
For personal data that we have about you, you can:
Delete Data
: You can ask us to erase or delete all or some of your personal data (e.g., if it is no longer necessary to provide Services to you).
Change or Correct Data
: You can edit some of your personal data through your account. You can also ask us to change, update or fix your data in certain cases, particularly if it’s inaccurate.
Object to, or Limit or Restrict, Use of Data
: You can ask us to stop using all or some of your personal data (e.g., if we have no legal right to keep using it) or to limit our use of it (e.g., if your personal data is inaccurate or unlawfully held).
Right to Access and/or Take Your Data
: You can ask us for a copy of your personal data and can ask for a copy of personal data you provided in machine readable form.
Visitors can
learn more about how to make these requests here
. You may also contact us using the contact information below, and we will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws.
Residents in the
Designated Countries and the UK
, and
other regions
, may have additional rights under their laws.
4.3 Account Closure
We keep some of your data even after you close your account.
If you choose to close your
LinkedIn
account, your personal data will generally stop being visible to others on our Services within 24 hours. We generally delete closed account information within 30 days of account closure, except as noted below.
We retain your personal data even after you have closed your account if reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations (including law enforcement requests), meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, maintain security, prevent fraud and abuse (e.g., if we have
restricted
your account for breach of our
Professional Community Policies
), enforce our User Agreement, or fulfill your request to "unsubscribe" from further messages from us. We will retain de-personalized information after your account has been closed.
Information you have shared with others (e.g., through InMail, updates or group posts) will remain visible after you close your account or delete the information from your own profile or mailbox, and we do not control data that other Members have copied out of our Services. Groups content and ratings or review content associated with closed accounts will show an unknown user as the source. Your profile may continue to be displayed in the services of others (e.g., search tools) until they refresh their cache.
5. Other Important Information
5.1. Security
We monitor for and try to prevent security breaches. Please use the security features available through our Services.
We implement security safeguards designed to protect your data, such as HTTPS. We regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks. However, we cannot warrant the security of any information that you send us. There is no guarantee that data may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. Please visit our
Safety Center
for additional information about safely using our Services, including
two-factor authentication
.
5.2. Cross-Border Data Transfers
We store and use your data outside your country.
We process data both inside and outside of the United States and rely on legally-provided mechanisms to lawfully transfer data across borders.
Learn more
. Countries where we process data may have laws which are different from, and potentially not as protective as, the laws of your own country.
5.3 Lawful Bases for Processing
We have lawful bases to collect, use and share data about you. You have choices about our use of your data. At any time, you can withdraw consent you have provided by going to settings.
We will only collect and process personal data about you where we have lawful bases. Lawful bases include consent (where you have given consent), contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (e.g., to deliver the LinkedIn Services you have requested) and “legitimate interests.”
Learn more
.
Where we rely on your
consent
to process personal data, you have the right to withdraw or decline your consent at any time and where we rely on legitimate interests, you have the right to object.
Learn More
. If you have any questions about the lawful bases upon which we collect and use your personal data, please
contact our Data Protection Officer here
.
If you're located in one of the Designated Countries or the UK, you can learn more about our lawful bases for processing in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
5.4. Direct Marketing and Do Not Track Signals
Our statements regarding direct marketing and “do not track” signals.
We currently do not share personal data with third parties for their direct marketing purposes without your permission.
Learn more
about this and about our response to “do not track” signals.
5.5. Contact Information
You can contact us or use other options to resolve any complaints.
If you have questions or complaints regarding this Policy, please first
contact LinkedIn
online. You can also reach us by
physical mail
. If contacting us does not resolve your complaint, you have more
options
. Residents in the
Designated Countries
and
other regions
may also have the right to
contact our Data Protection Officer here
or at
DPO@linkedin.com
. If this does not resolve your complaint, Residents in the Designated Countries and other regions may have more
options
under their laws.
Consent
Where we process data based on consent, we will ask for your explicit consent. You may withdraw your consent at any time, but that will not affect the lawfulness of the processing of your personal data prior to such withdrawal. Where we rely on contract, we will ask that you agree to the processing of personal data that is necessary for entering into or performance of your contract with us. We will rely on legitimate interests as a basis for data processing where the processing of your data is not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.