SuperMe - Privacy Policy
1.Introduction:
This privacy agreement is a privacy agreement between you and THE.DEMON regarding the use of the "SuperMe" service. This privacy agreement describes the rights and obligations of THE.DEMON and you related to this software service. SuperMe hereby specially remind you to read and fully understand this privacy agreement (hereinafter referred to as "Privacy Agreement") before using this software. If you use SuperMe (hereinafter referred to as "this software") on your mobile phone or other devices (hereinafter collectively referred to as "devices"), you have read, understood and agreed to be bound by the terms of this agreement and other applicable Legally binding.
2.Collection of information：
1.You provide us with information
We collect and store any information you provide to us or allow us to use. The collection and storage of such information is to ensure that you can better enjoy the services we provide. In addition, we will save the information that users provide to us or allow us to use in accordance with the requirements of relevant national laws and regulations. Such information may include but is not limited to your use of location information or log information.
2.The information we collect from you
To ensure that you can interact with us smoothly or use our products and services better, we may need to collect from you:
Storage information: When you use our products/services, some of your usage information and files will be saved locally.
Specifically, you may obtain the following permissions for your terminal device:
(1)	Address book permissions
Reading contact information, we can provide personalized avatar creation service for your mobile contacts.
(2) Storage space
We need you to allow us to modify or delete the contents of the SD card; so that you can save your work locally when using our software.
(3) Allow applications to access full network access rights
(4) Allow applications to access information on Wi-Fi networks
(5) Allow applications to receive data from the Internet
(6) Allow the application to change your audio settings
(7) Allow the app to prevent the phone from closing its eyes
(8) Allow the application to close other applications
For more sensitive user information, such as user IMEI number, GpS location information, we will obtain your consent before collecting. For the collection of some non-sensitive information, it may be default and automatic. You can restrict us from collecting relevant information from your mobile device or using certain permissions by adjusting the "Settings" option of your mobile device. When you restrict us to obtain a certain permission, it may affect the operation of a certain function, so that we may not be able to continue to provide you with the corresponding service, and no longer process your corresponding information.
3.Use of information:
We may use your collected information to:
Provide, maintain and improve our related services, including but not limited to, provide the products and services you apply for (and send related information), develop new functions, provide customer support, develop security functions, verify users, send product updates and management messages;
Perform internal operations, including, to prevent fraud and misuse of our related services; resolve software errors and operational problems; conduct data analysis, testing, and research; monitor and analyze the use and operating status of the software;
Let us know more about how you access and use our services, so as to respond to your personalized needs, such as language settings, location settings, personalized help services and instructions, or make other requests for you and other users Response
Provide you with more relevant advertisements in accordance with applicable laws in place of the generally available advertisements;
Evaluate the effectiveness of advertisements and other promotional and promotional activities in our services, personalize and improve related services, including providing or recommending features, content, referrals, and advertisements;
Software certification or management software upgrade;
Let you participate in surveys about our products and services.
4.How do you manage and delete your personal information:
You can access and manage your personal information in the following ways:
(1) Access your personal information
1.1: You have the right to access your personal information, except for exceptions provided by laws and regulations. You can access your personal information yourself in the following ways: Account information-If you want to access or edit the basic personal information in your account, you can perform such operations by logging in to your account. Clear data-you can log in to your account to clear cookies, account passwords, history and cache files by clearing data under "Settings".
1.2: If you cannot access such personal information through the above-mentioned path, you can contact us at any time through our customer service (partner@maoyoo.net). We will respond to your visit request within 7 working days.
(2) Correct or supplement your personal information
When you find that the personal information we process about you is wrong, you have the right to ask us to make corrections or supplements.
(3) Delete your personal information
3.1:You can delete part of your personal information through the methods listed in "Access to Your Personal Information".
3.2:In the following situations, you can request us to delete personal information:
3.2.1. If our handling of personal information violates laws and regulations;
3.2.2. If we collect and use your personal information without your explicit consent;
3.2.3. If our handling of personal information seriously violates our agreement with you;
3.2.4. If you no longer use our products or services, or you voluntarily cancel your account; 5. If we will no longer provide you with products or services forever.
3.3: If we decide to respond to your deletion request, we will also notify the subjects who have obtained your personal information from us as much as possible at the same time and require them to delete them in a timely manner, unless laws and regulations provide otherwise, or these subjects obtain your independent authorization .
3.4: When you delete information from our service, we may not delete the corresponding information from the backup system immediately, but we will delete the information when the backup is updated.
(4) Change the scope of your authorization
Each business function requires some basic personal information to be completed. In addition, you can withdraw part of the authorization by unbinding, modifying personal settings, deleting related information, etc., or you can withdraw part of the authorization by turning off the function. After you withdraw your consent, we will no longer process the corresponding personal information. However, your decision to withdraw your consent will not affect the previous processing of personal information based on your authorization.
(5) The personal information subject cancels the account
5.1: You can submit an account cancellation application on the "Cancel Account" page by yourself.
5.2: After you actively cancel your account, we will stop providing you with products or services, delete your personal information in accordance with the requirements of applicable laws, or make it anonymized.
(6) Responding to your above request
6.1:  To ensure safety, you may need to provide a written request or prove your identity in other ways. We may ask you to verify your identity before processing your request.
6.2:  We will reply within 7 working days. If you are not satisfied, you can also initiate a complaint through the customer service contact (partner@maoyoo.net) specified in this privacy policy.
6.3: For your reasonable request, we do not charge fees in principle, but for repeated requests that exceed reasonable limits, we will charge a certain cost according to the circumstances. We may reject requests that are unreasonably repeated, require excessive technical means (for example, the need to develop new systems or fundamentally change existing practices), bring risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are very unrealistic.
5.To protect your privacy, solemnly declare:
SuperMe will not obtain your private information without your permission, including but not limited to identity information, WIFi passwords, network access records, bank account numbers, and other financial information, except as otherwise provided in this privacy agreement , SuperMe will not disclose or provide any information about you to third parties.
This privacy statement does not apply to any third-party entities that provide services to you, including those who may disclose information to SuperMe.
The company does not assume the following risks of users:
(1) The risk of loss or disclosure of personal information due to irresistible factors;
(2) When users use this software to access third-party websites, there is a risk of leakage of user privacy due to the third-party websites and related content.
6.Changes to this privacy agreement:
SuperMe has the right to modify the terms of this agreement at any time, and will take effect when it is announced on the platform. If SuperMe makes major changes to the way we process your personal information or this agreement, we will provide you with notice through the relevant services. We encourage you to read this agreement regularly for the latest information about our privacy practices.
After the company revises the terms of the privacy agreement, if you do not accept the revised terms, please stop using SuperMe immediately, and your continued use of SuperMe will be deemed to have accepted the revised agreement.
7.Other statements:
1. The company solemnly reminds you to pay attention to the terms of this privacy agreement that exempt the company from liability and increase your obligations. Please read carefully and consider the risks independently. Minors should read this privacy agreement accompanied by a legal guardian. The final interpretation and modification rights of the above clauses belong to the company.
2. The invalidity of any or all of the provisions of this privacy agreement will not affect the validity of other provisions.
3. The interpretation, validity and dispute resolution of this privacy agreement shall be governed by the laws of the People's Republic of China. If any dispute or dispute occurs between you and THE.DEMON, you should first settle it through friendly negotiation.If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at partner@maoyoo.net
4. The copyright of this privacy agreement is owned by THE.DEMON, and THE.DEMON reserves the right of final interpretation of the above terms.
5. If you have any comments on this privacy agreement and this software service, please contact our customer service center.
8.Contact Us
website: https://www.supermii.cn
E-mail: partner@maoyoo.net
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/supermiiofficial/
-THE.DEMON-
2023-12-01