Privacy Policy
Updated on
:
Se
ptember
,
5
2023
Please read our Privacy Policy carefully and contact us if you have any questions.
Introduction
Tenda WiFi App is an application provided by Shenzhen Tenda Technology Co., Ltd. and its affiliated companies (hereinafter referred to as "Tenda" or "we") to provide you with services such as router management and WiFi management.
We are aware of the importance of personal information to you
and appreciate the trust you place in us. We will use this policy to explain to you how we collect, use, store your personal data and protect the privacy of information during your use of Tenda products and services and other Apps applicable to this Privacy Policy (hereinafter collectively referred to as "our products and/or services").
Before using our products and/or services, please read carefully and thoroughly understand this "Privacy Policy", and use our products and/or services after confirming your full understanding and consent. Otherwise, please do not continue to use related
services
.
If you continue to use our services, it means that you have fully read and understood the entire content of this agreement and accept it.
Our Privacy Policy Describes:
1.
The collection and use of personal information
2.
Certain scenarios in which we can collect and use your personal information without your consent
3.
How we use Cookies and similar technologies
4.
How we protect and store your personal information
5.
How we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information
6.
Your rights
7.
The handling of personal information of minors
8.
How to cancel your account
9.
Device permission call
10.
Revision of this policy
11.
How to contact us
1. The Collection and Use of Personal Information
When you use the websites, software or other services provided by Tenda WiFi, Tenda WiFi will collect your information based on the purpose and method of this policy.
Personal information refers to various information
recorded in electronic or other forms, which can
identify a specific natural person alone or in combination with other information or reflect the activities of a specific natural person.
The personal information involved in this policy includes: basic information (including mobile phone number
and
email address), personal location information, network identity information (including system account, IP address, mobile phone number, email address and password and secret protection
i
nformation
related to the above), personal common device information (including hardware model, device MAC address, operating system type, software list unique device identification code, which describes the basic information of personal common device, such as IMEI/Android ID/IDFA/OPENUDID/GUID, SIM card IMSI information).
Sensitive personal information refers to personal information that, once leaked or modified, will cause adverse effect on the subject of personal information (including damage to reputation, physical and mental health, or discriminatory treatment). The sensitive personal information involved in this policy includes: network identification information (including user name, nickname, mobile phone number, email address and password related to the above), other information (including personal telephone number, mobile phone number, precise location information).
2.
The Circumstances Under Which You Must Authorize Us to Collect and Use Your Personal Information
Our product or service names include some core functions that we may collect, store and use the following information about you to achieve. If you do not provide relevant information, you cannot enjoy the products and services we provide. These functions include:
1. Account registration, login and verification. When you register a
n
account of product or service name, you need to provide us with your account name, password, your own mobile phone number and email address, we will send SMS verification code or email to verify whether your identity information is valid.
2
. Online service function. If you contact our online service, we may require you to provide the necessary personal information for authentication to ensure the security of your account. To provide services according to your requirements, after your authorization, online service need to inquire or check your relevant information within the scope of your authorization, we will take technical and management measures as far as possible to ensure the security of your information, and use it within the necessary scope. We may store your contact information (
email
address
or other contact information that you use or voluntarily provide), the record and content of your communication with us, and other necessary information to provide and record customer service for you.
3
. Security function. To improve the security of your use of our products and services, protect the personal and property safety of you or other users from infringement, better prevent phishing websites, fraud, network vulnerabilities, computer viruses and other security risks, and more accurately identify violations of laws and regulations, we may collect, use or integrate your account information, transaction information, and device information. To comprehensively judge your account and transaction risks, conduct identity verification, detection and prevention of security incidents, and take necessary records, audits, analysis and disposal measures in accordance with the law.
3
. Please be Fully Aware that in the Following Circumstances, We Do Not Need to Obtain Your Consent to Collect and Use Personal Information:
1.
Related to national security and national defense security
2.
Related to public security, public health, and major public interests.
3.
Related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and judgment execution.
4.
To protect the major legal rights and interests of the personal information subject or other individuals such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain the consent of the person.
5.
The collected personal information is disclosed to the public by the personal information subject.
6.
Your personal information is collected from legally disclosed information, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure and other channels.
7.
Necessary to enter into a contract at your request.
8.
Necessary for maintaining the safe and stable operation of our products and/or services provided, such as discovering and handling failures of our products and/or services.
9.
Necessary for legitimate news reporting.
10.
Necessary for academic research institutions to carry out statistical or academic research in the public interests.
When the results of academic research or descriptions are provided to the public, the personal information contained in the results will be de-identified.
11.
Other circumstances provided by laws and regulations.
4. How We Use Cookie and Similar Technology
4.1 Cookie
Cookie is a mechanism that supports server-side (or script) storage and retrieval of information on a website or software. When you use Tenda products or services, we will send one or more small data files named Cookie on your computer or mobile device. The cookie assigned to you is unique, and it can only be read by web servers that publish cookies to your domain. Cookie usually contains identifiers, site names, and some numbers and characters. We will use Cookie technology to simplify your repeated login steps, store your browsing preferences or the products in your shopping cart and other data to provide you with shopping preferences, help you optimize your choice and interaction with advertisement, and help you judge your login status and account or data security.
We promised that the research on Cookie information is only used for improving service/product quality and optimizing user experience. In addition to those purposes stated in this policy, we cannot use cookies for any purpose. You can manage or delete Cookie according to your preference. For details, see AboutCookies.org. You can clear all Cookie stored on your computer. Most web browsers will automatically accept cookies, but you can modify your browser settings to refuse Cookie according to your needs. In addition, you also can clear all Cookie stored in the software. But if you do that you may need to personally change user settings every time you visit
Tenda WiFi
website or software, and the corresponding information you previously recorded will also be deleted, some services may not be used normally, and may have a certain impact on the security of the service you use.
4.2
Web Beacons and Pixel Label
Besides Cookie, we will also use other similar technologies such as website beacons and pixel labels on the website. For example, we will send an email to you, and it may contain a click-through URL that links to the content of our website. If you click on this link, we will track the click to help us understand your product or service preferences and improve customer service. Web beacon is usually a transparent image embedded in a website or email. By means of the pixel label in the email, we can know whether the email has been opened. If you do not want your activities to be tracked in this way, please send an email to [
support@tenda.com.cn
] to contact us and unsubscribe from the mailing list.
5. How We Protect and Store Your Personal Information
Protection and Security Measures for Your Personal Information
5.1 We will make our reasonable effort to protect your personal information, entrust the task to protect your personal information by a dedicated data security department.
For preventing user's personal information from being illegally accessed, copied, modified, transmitted, lost, destroyed, processed, or used in unexpected and unauthorized situations, we have and will continue to take the following measures to protect your personal information:
5.1.1 Our network service adopts the encryption technology of the transmission security protocol and so on, and provides browsing services through https and other methods to ensure the safety of user data during transmission.
5.1.2 Encrypt and store user's personal information using encryption technology, and use isolation technology to isolate.
5.1.3 When using personal information, such as displaying personal information and associate calculation personal information, we will use multiple data desensitization technologies including content replacement, encryption desensitization and so on to enhance the security of personal information in use.
5.1.4 Set a strict data use and access system, adopt strict data access control and multiple identity authentication technologies to protect personal information, and prevent data from being used in violation of regulations. We only allow authorized personnel to access personal information, and require them to perform the corresponding confidentiality obligations.
5.1.5 Adopt specialized data and technical security audits, and set up multiple measures for log audits and behavior audits.
5.2
Take other security measures for protecting personal information
5.2.1 Manage and regulate the storage and use of personal information by establishing a data classification system, data security management specifications, and data security development specifications.
5.2.2 Establish a dedicated department for information protection and a data security emergency response organization to promote and protect personal information security.
5.2.3 Enhance security awareness. We will also organize security and privacy protection training courses to strengthen employees' awareness of the importance of protecting personal information.
5.3
Although we have taken reasonable and effective measures above, and the standards required by relevant laws and regulations have been complied with, we still cannot guarantee the security of your personal information when it is communicated through unsafe channels. Therefore, you should take active measures to guarantee the security of your personal information, such as setting complex passwords, regularly changing account passwords, and not disclosing your account passwords and other personal information to others.
5.4
There always exists many risks of information leakage in the network environment. When accidents, force majeure and other circumstances cause your information to leak, we will try our best to control the situation, and we will inform you of the cause of the incident in time, and the security measures we have taken, and the initiative security measures and other related situations you can take.
5.5
After an unfortunate personal information security incident happened, we will in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations, inform you in time of: the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the treatment measures we have taken or to be taken, suggestions that help you to reduce the risk, and remedial measures for you, etc. At the same time, we will inform you in time of the relevant information of the incident by email, letter, telephone, push notification, etc. If it is difficult to inform the subject of personal information one by one, we will take reasonable and effective measures to issue an announcement. Meanwhile, we will report to the corresponding competent authority in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations.
5.6
At present, in the aspect of information security, Tenda WiFi has reached the requirements of international authoritative certification standards such as ISO27001 and International Information Security Management System, and has obtained corresponding certifications.
5.7
Storage of Your Personal Information
5.7.1 According to the laws and regulations, we will store the personal information of users in the United States. If Tenda WiFi involves the transfer of your personal information overseas, we will explicitly inform you and obtain consent.
5.7.2 If you cancel your account or voluntarily delete your personal information, we will delete your personal information within 48 hours after you cancel your account or delete your personal information in accordance with the Cyber Security Law and other laws and regulations, and we will continue to store your information within 6 months until it is deleted.
Storage of Your Personal Information
1.
According to the laws and regulations, we will store the personal information of users in
Virginia,
USA
(
T
BD
)
. If Tenda WiFi involves the transfer of your personal information overseas, we will explicitly inform you and obtain consent.
2.
If you cancel your account or voluntarily delete your personal information, we will delete your personal information within 48 hours after you cancel your account or delete your personal information in accordance with the Cyber Security Law and other laws and regulations, and we will continue to store your information within 6 months until it is deleted.
6. How We Share, Transfer and Publicly Disclose Your Personal Information
Sharing
6.1 We will not share your personal information with any company, organization or individual other than Tenda, except when:
6.1.1 Tenda has obtained the explicit authorization or consent of you or your guardian.
6.1.2 Disclosure is required by applicable laws, regulations, legal procedures, or by judicial or administrative agencies based on legal procedures.
6.1.3
Tenda WiFi
initiates legal proceeding or arbitration against users in order to protect our legal rights and interests.
6.1.4 There are agreements between you and
Tenda WiFi
, such as the relevant service agreement, and usage rules.
6.1.5 It is required, within the permission of laws and regulations and in order to protect the interests of
Tenda WiFi
and its affiliates, users of
Tenda WiFi
and the public from damage.
5.1.6 It meets the relevant agreement between you and other third parties.
6.1.7 It is used based on academic research.
6.2 In addition, we may share your order information, account information and device information with third parties such as partners, in order to ensure successful fulfillment of the services provided for you. But we will only share your personal information for legal, legitimate, necessary, specific, and clear purposes, and will only share personal information necessary to provide services. Our partner has no right to use the shared personal information for any other purpose. Now our partners include suppliers of goods or technical services. We may share your personal information with the third party who supports our functions. These supports include supplying us or providing infrastructure technical services, logistics and distribution services, payment services, data processing, etc. The purpose that we share such information is to realize the core shopping functions of our products and/or services. For example, we must share your order information with logistics service providers to arrange delivery. Or we need to share your order number and order amount with third-party payment institutions to realize their confirmation of your payment instructions and finish the payment. Or when you order our value-added services, we need to share your order information or contact information with the value-added service provider to provide you with the corresponding value-added services.
6.3 You can share such information as video, location information, identity information, with specific people, or you can share your video, location information, identity information, with unspecified people based on our products and/or services.
Tenda WiFi
will not bear the relevant legal responsibility when your information is leaked due to your sharing behavior.
6.4 About third-party SDK service providers: To ensure the realization of
Tenda WiFi
App-related functions and the safe and stable operation of applications, we may access software development kits (SDK) or similar applications provided by third parties to achieve relevant purposes. We will conduct strict security assessments on the SDK or similar applications that our partners obtain information to protect the security of your personal information. If you find that these SDK or similar applications are at risk, you are advised to immediately terminate the relevant operations and contact us in time. For specific SDK information, see the Appendix of this policy.
Transfer
We cannot transfer your personal information to any company, organization or individual, but except when:
1.
Transferring is made with explicit consent: After obtaining your explicit consent, we will transfer your personal information to other parties.
2.
Mergers, acquisitions or bankruptcy liquidation occur, if the transfer of personal information is involved, we will require the new company or organization that holds your personal information to continue to be bound by this privacy policy. Otherwise we will require the company or organization to obtain your authorization and consent again.
Publicly Disclose
We are only disclosing your personal information except when:
1.
Obtaining your explicit consent.
2.
Required by laws, legal procedures, litigation, dispute resolution or mandatory requirements of government authorities.
Delegate processing
For example, if we entrust a third party to process your personal information, we will agree with the trustee on the purpose, period, method of processing, types of personal information, protection measures and rights and obligations of both parties, and supervise the trustee's personal information processing activities.
7. Your Rights
Subject to the restrictions of applicable laws, regulations, standards, and the prevailing practices of other countries and regions, we guarantee that you exercise the following rights with respect to your personal information:
Access or Modify Your Personal Information
You have the right to access your personal information, but except for exceptions provided by laws and regulations. If you want to exercise the right of data access, you can access by yourself in the following ways:
7.1 Your account information: You can check all the personal information you submitted to Tenda WiFi on the "My" > "Account Settings" page, and you can also update your personal information through the above method.
7.
2
You cannot access and correct your personal information: Besides the information listed above, we cannot provide you with access and correction services for some of your personal information. The information which includes your device information and those generated by your personal information when you use additional functions are mainly to improve your user experience and ensure transaction security. We will use the above information within your authorization. You cannot access and correct it, but you can contact us to delete or anonymize it.
D
elete Your Personal Information
You can request us to delete your personal information in the following cases:
a
If we violate laws and regulations in dealing with your personal information.
b
If we collect and use your personal information without obtaining your permission.
c
If we violate our agreement with you in dealing with personal information.
d
If you cancel the account of
Tenda WiFi
.
e
If we terminate services and operations.
If we decide to respond to your deletion request, we will also notify the entities that have obtained your personal information from us and require them to delete them in a timely manner, unless other provisions in laws and regulations apply, or these entities obtain your independent authorization.
After you delete your information from our services, we may not delete the corresponding information from the backup system immediately, but we will delete the information when the backup is updated.
Change the Scope of Your Authorized or Withdraw Your Authorization
You can use these methods to change the scope of your authorization for us to collect personal information or withdraw your authorization by deleting information, turning off device functions, and setting privacy settings in the Tenda WiFi App. Such as deleting the device, disabling motion detection, disabling Tenda cloud storage service.
Please understand that each business function requires some basic personal information to be completed. After you withdraw your consent or authorization, we cannot continue to provide you with the services corresponding to the withdrawal of your consent or authorization, and we will no longer process your corresponding personal information. However, your decision to withdraw your consent or authorization will not affect the previous processing of personal information based on your authorization.
Response to Your Above Request
If you cannot access, modify or delete your personal information through the above ways, or you need to access, correct or delete other personal information generated when you use our products and/or services, or you believe that
Tenda WiFi
has any violation of laws and regulations or an agreement with you about the collection or use of personal information, you can send an email t
o
[
support@tenda.com.cn
]
or contact us through other methods under this policy. For ensuring safety , we may need you to provide a written request or prove your identity in other ways. We will respond to your request within 30 days after receiving your feedback and verifying your identity.
For your reasonable request, we do not charge fees in principle, but for repeated requests that exceed reasonable limits, we will charge a certain cost depending on the situation. We may refuse those requests that are gratuitously repetitive, require too many technical means (for example, the need to develop new systems or radically change existing practices), pose a risk to the legitimate interests of others, or are highly impractical (for example, involving information stored on backup tapes).
We will not be able to respond to your request according to laws and regulations, if it:
a
Relates to national security and national defense security.
b
Relates to public safety, public health, and major public interests.
c
Relates to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments.
d
Suffices to prove you have subjective malice or abuse of rights.
e
Causes serious damage to the legitimate rights and interests of you or other individuals and organizations to respond to your request.
f
Involves trade secrets.
8. The Handling of Personal Information of Minors
8.1 We attach great importance to protecting personal informal of minors. If you are a minor under the age of 18, please obtain the written consent of your parents or legal guardian before using our products and/or services. We protect the personal information of minors according to relevant national laws and regulations.
8.2 When collecting personal information of minors with the consent of their parents or legal guardians, we will only use or publicly disclose this information when permitted by law, with the explicit consent of the parent or legal guardian, or when it is necessary to protect the minor.
8.3 If we find that we have collected personal information of minors without the prior consent of a verifiable parent or legal guardian, we will try to delete the relevant data as soon as possible.
9. Cancel your account
You can cancel the previously registered account at any time in the following path:
“Homepage” > "My" > "Personal Center" > "Cancel Account".
Please note that account cancellation is an irreversible operation. After you cancel your account, we will stop providing you with products or services, all rights and interests under your account will be cleared, and your personal information will be deleted and cannot be retrieved, unless otherwise specified by laws and regulations. The cancellation application will take effect immediately after submission, and your personal information will be deleted within 48 hours. After canceling the account, we will immediately stop providing you with products or services.
Please confirm the following information before canceling your account:
9.1 If the activated cloud storage service is still within the validity period, after you cancel your account, it will be deemed that you have automatically given up the service and no refund will be made.
9.2 All information and data under the account will be cleared and cannot be restored. Please make sure that the relevant data has been backed up before canceling your account.
9.3 After the account is canceled, you can use the same mobile phone number and email address to register a new account, but the previous data cannot be retained.
9.4 During the account cancellation period, if your account is investigated by the state agency or is in litigation or arbitration proceedings, Tenda will have the right to retain the data involved in the case in accordance with government regulations.
9.5 The inconvenience and adverse consequences caused by account cancellation shall be borne by the user and has nothing to do with Tenda.
10. Instructions for the Usage of Device Permissions
Realize the necessary functions for managing and controlling the router
10.1 Upgrade service
Tenda product firmware upgrade: We will collect
the country code information of the mobile device (such as mobile phone and tablet)
you are using, so that we can notify you in time of the availability of new product firmware to provide you with a better experience.
Tenda WiFi App firmware upgrade: We will collect your
mobile device firmware installation list, App firmware version, region and language settings information
, so that we can notify you in time when new App firmware is available to provide you with a better experience.
10.2 Device management
We will collect your
mobile device location information, mobile device MAC address, and mobile device IP address
, so that you can use the device management function normally, so that you can judge whether the mobile device is connected to the managed WiFi, and can identify whether the device currently connected to the WiFi is your mobile device, to prevent your mobile device from being mistakenly added to the blacklist.
10.3 Router related settings
When you use router related settings (such functions as wireless settings, Internet settings, LAN settings and signal strength), it may involve the disconnection of WiFi between your mobile device and our products and/or services that you use. In order for your mobile device to automatically reconnect to WiFi, we will obtain your
mobile device location information
to provide you with a better experience.
10.4 Regional services
When you use our products and/or services, we will collect your
mobile device
country code, time zone, and language information
,
so that we can determine your country and region, to provide you with specific functional services, and to ensure that you use our products and/or service time related functions of the normal use.
10.5 Login and register
We will collect your registered
Tenda WiFi App account
and password information stored in ciphertext
to ensure that when you log out of the Tenda WiFi App page (if you have not logged out of your account), you can automatically log in to your account again to provide you with a better user experience.
10.6 Message reminder
When you enable the message reminder function, we need to collect
the unique identification information (such as IMEI/Android ID) of your mobile device,
so that we can push the mobile device access message to you in a timely manner. If you do not need notification push, you can turn it off in "Personal Center” > “Notification Reminder".
10.7 About us
When you view the "About Us" content, we will obtain
the firmware installation list and language information of your mobile device
, so that you can directly re-direct to the Tenda WiFi App to other Apps (such as
facebook
) to obtain More information about our products and/or services to help you get better services.
10.8 Scanning and shooting
When you use the Tenda WiFi App to scan the QR code and take a photo, we will access the
camera permissions of your mobile device
for scanning identification
, tak
ing
photos, and so on. You can turn off the camera permission through your mobile device's system settings to refuse our access, but this will prevent you from using this function. Please know that we will only obtain this permission when you allow it.
When you use a function that requires image collection, we will access your
mobile device camera permissions and album/storage permissions
for image information collection and storage. You can turn off the camera permission and album/storage permission through the mobile device’s system settings to refuse our collection, but this will prevent you from using this function. Please know that we will only obtain this permission when you allow authorization.
Functions necessary to ensure Wi-Fi security
To improve system security when you use our products and/or services, and prevent access by hackers or unauthorized personnel, we will collect your
environment characteristic values
(ECV) (the value generated by the Tenda WiFi App account, the unique identification information of the mobile device, the connected Wi-Fi account, and the location information)
to verify the user's identity.
11. Revision of This Policy
We may modify this policy in a due time. We will not reduce your rights according to this policy without your explicit consent. We may publish any changes to this policy on this page.
For major changes, we will inform you by pushing notifications, pop-up windows, emails and so on.
The major changes referred to in this policy include but not limited to:
11.1 The major changes in our service model. Such as the purpose of dealing with personal information, the type of dealing with personal information, the usage method of dealing with personal information.
11.2 The major changes in our ownership structure, organizational structure, etc. For example, business adjustment, bankruptcy, merger, etc. caused the change of owners.
11.3 Changes to the main objects of personal information sharing, transfer, or public disclosure.
11.4 Major changes to the rights, forms, and methods when you participate in the processing of personal information.
11.5 When our responsible department
for dealing with personal information security, contact information and complaint channels have changed.
11.6 A high risk shown in the personal information security impact assessment report.
12. How to contact us
If you have any questions, comments or suggestions about this policy or your personal information, please send an email to
[
support@tenda.com.cn
]
.
We have set up a personal information protection officer, you can contact him by sending an email to
[
support@tenda.com.cn
].
Normally, we will reply within thirty days.
If you are dissatisfied with our response, especially when our personal information processing behavior has harmed your legal rights, you can complain or report to the regulatory authorities such as
network information
, telecommunications, public security and industry and commerce.
Appendix:
Third-Party Websites and Services
This Privacy Policy does not apply to websites or services provided by other companies or individuals (hereinafter referred to as "third-party services"). To provide you with a better user experience, our products and/or services include the following third-party services: Youmeng's "Statistical Analysis" SDK, MobTech's third-party login SDK, and Alibaba Cloud's push SDK. When you use these services, your information may be collected. Therefore, we strongly encourage you to take the time to read that third party's privacy policy as you would our own. Given that third parties will independently collect and process your personal information, we are not responsible for how third parties use and collect personal information from you, and we cannot control their collection and processing of your personal information.
The following provides examples of third-party terms and privacy policies that apply when you use certain third-party services above:
The third party's privacy policy states:
third party name
Privacy Policy Link
Youmeng Tongxin (Beijing) Technology Co., Ltd., Beijing Ruixun Lingtong Technology Co., Ltd.
https://www.umeng.com/page/policy
MobTech Expansion
https://www.mob.com/about/policy
Alibaba Cloud Computing Co., Ltd.
https://terms.aliyun.com/legal-agreement/terms/suit_bu1_ali_cloud/suit_bu1_ali_cloud202112071754_83380.html?spm=a2c4g.11186623.0.0.59875a1elitMLv
Third party SDK list
permissions
business purpose
ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE
ACCESS_WIFI_STATE
ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION
READ_PHONE_STATE
Used to judge the network status, enable and disable the push function, and to distinguish different networks, cache the push connection parameters, and use different push connections
INTERNET
Used to connect to the push service and provide the push function
WAKE_LOCK
Used to maintain the stability of low-end mobile phone push channels and improve the timeliness of push messages
RECEIVE_BOOT_COMPLETED
Used to maintain the stability of the push channel after restarting the phone and improve the timeliness of push messages
READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE
WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE
Used to store the unique identifier of the push channel to improve the accuracy of the push
GET_TASKS
REORDER_TASKS
Used to push the opening method - open the application function to avoid opening the application multiple times
com.facebook.android:
facebook-android-sdk
com.facebook
Use the Facebook third-party login function in the SDK
com.google.android
Use Google's third-party sign-in feature in the SDK
com.aliyun.ams:alicloud-android-third-push
com.xiaomi.mipush
Use Alibaba Cloud Mobile Push SDK to introduce Xiaomi, VIVO, OPPO and other manufacturers' message push SDKs
com.taobao
This package uses the push channel of the push SDK that is uniformly used by the basic push channel of the Ali system
com.aliyun.ams:huawei-push-base
com.aliyun.ams:huawei-push
com.huawei.hms
Use the mobile push function of Alibaba Cloud SDK to introduce Huawei manufacturer's message push SDK
com.aliyun.ams:meizu-push
Use the mobile push function of Alibaba Cloud SDK to introduce the Meizu manufacturer's message push SDK
com.google.android
com.google.firebase
Use Aliyun SDK mobile push function to introduce Google message push SDK
Tencent Cloud SMS SDK
Use related services provided by Tencent Cloud for the SMS sending interface to send SMS verification codes, notification SMS or marketing SMS to users.
Alibaba Cloud SMS SDK
Use the relevant services provided by Alibaba Cloud for the SMS sending interface to send SMS verification codes, notification SMS or marketing SMS to users
Alibaba Cloud Push Service SDK
Use the services provided by Alibaba Cloud to provide mobile developers with mobile message push services. By integrating the push function in the app, efficient, accurate, and real-time message push can be carried out, so that the business can reach users in a timely manner and improve user stickiness.
Alibaba Cloud Object Storage
Use related services provided by Alibaba Cloud to store user avatars
SAMKeychain
Used to store sensitive information such as accounts
WeChatOpenSDK
WeChat third-party login
Weibo_SDK
Weibo third-party login
GoogleSignIn
google third party login
FBSDKLoginKit
facebook third party login
TwitterKit
Twitter third-party login
·