Bringme HelpCenter
Bringme Box
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
February 12, 2025 at 3:57 PM
Follow
Not yet followed by anyone
Privacy policy
Last updated on 06.10.2022
In short:
Bringme believes that your
privacy
is of the utmost importance and shall strictly process your data in compliance with the applicable privacy regulations. In addition, Bringme is ISO 27001- IT Security certified and is Bringme 27701 privacy compliant.
We collect
personal data
, i.e., your address, technical data, the manner in which you use Bringme, etc., via our products/services.
These data are only used to ensure that you can use Bringme and to
communicate
with you.
We will send you, as user,
messages
(by email and in the app) concerning Bringme and our related services. You can always unsubscribe.
You can always
contact us
at
helpcenter@bringme.com
or +32 16 98 02 43.
You can always exercise
your rights
to review, delete, correct, and collect your data, submit complaints, etc. by sending an e-mail to
privacy@bringme.com
.
Who are we?
Bringme (Ertzberg cvba), with registered office at Bondgenotenlaan 138, 3000 Leuven, Belgium, and registered number 0403.551.672 is the controller for the processing activities described below.
You can contact our data protection officer (DPO) via the following contact information:
legal@bringme.com
+32 (0)16 89 13 89
If you are contacting us because you want to exercise one of your rights (see section 8), we kindly request you to indicate clearly which right you want to exercise. Please be as specific as possible when exercising your rights.
What categories of data do we collect?
Depending on your role, we collect the following data:
Customers, prospects and suppliers
: general identification data (such as name, title/function, address, mobile phone or telephone number, email, assigned identification data), professional activities (including the company, the nature of the activity, the nature of the goods/services used), any other personal data that they lawfully provided Bringme. The source of this personal data is you or your employer.
Applicants
: all personal data which they communicated and lawfully provided Bringme (such as a resume and/or cover letter);
Website visitors:
personal data collected through cookies (see our cookie policy);
Social media users
: advertising through the personal data they provided to social media channels.
In the exercise of its activities, Bringme is also a processor of personal data (for example the processing of data of users of the Bringme products and the Bringme app). The processing of personal data by Bringme, as a processor, is part of the agreements between Bringme and the controller(s) and does not constitute a part of this privacy policy.
If you provide us with personal data of a third party, such as your staff, freelancers, customers, suppliers, partners, then you warrant Bringme that you have (a) lawfully obtained such personal data from the third party and lawfully provided it to Bringme, (b) provided Bringme with personal data that is accurate and up to date, (c) provided said person with relevant information about the existence and content of this policy.
To what end do we use your personal data?
Execution of the agreement:
the creation of a personal account and/or profile, the correct execution and observance of the agreements (including communications), deliveries, invoicing, customer service and support: so that we can help you in case of questions and/or problems.
Direct marketing:
Sending out email notifications and/or newsletters. If you no longer wish to receive these communications, you cans use the opt-out provided. Afterwards, you will no longer receive the unwanted direct marketing communications, and we will no longer process your personal data for these direct marketing purposes.
Applicants’ management.
Necessary for the functioning of our company:
to improve and optimize our services (including through cookies and advertising via social media), to maintain and improve the Website (including through cookies), to ensure the security of our Website and services, to prevent abuse or improper use of our services, to store personal data as evidence or for the purpose of legal, administrative or extrajudicial proceedings, to store personal data to obtain or maintain insurance coverage, manage risk or obtain expert advice.
To comply with legal obligations
(for example in connection with anti-money laundering and counter terrorism legislation).
In general:
you are not obliged to share your personal data with us, but if you do not communicate the requested personal data, it is possible that we cannot provide you with the desired services and/or products.
Legal basis for processing personal data
The processing of:
personal data under
section 3.1
is based on the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party or in order to take steps at the request of the data subject prior to entering into a contract.
personal data of prospects under
section 3.2
and the processing of personal data through cookies (other than strictly necessary and functional cookies) under
section 3.4
is based on the consent of the data subject.
personal data under
section 3.2
for customers and the first contact with prospects, as well as the other processing of personal data under
section 3.3 and 3.4
is based on our legitimate interests (only when the legitimate interest of our company override the interest of the data subjects). The interests were set out under
section 3.2 - 3.4.
personal data under
section 3.5
is necessary to comply with a legal obligation to which we are subject.
How do we protect your data?
Bringme is certified compliant with the ISO27001 Standard.
Reliable partners
We ensure that we only allow a reliable partner to process your data, one who provides us with the required written guarantees that it will process data in compliance with the requirements of this Privacy Policy and the privacy regulations.
Technical security measures
By security measurement for access (login requirements, password policy, role division, etc.), storage (encryption, backup, etc.), and protection from outside access (firewall, antiviral software, etc.) of the media on which personal data is stored.
Organisational measures
This includes raising awareness among employees and service providers about the importance of privacy, the enforcement of policies, the continuous maintenance of a data register, compliance with a data policy, etc.
Despite the security measures that we take, it is important to know that the transfer of data via an Internet connection is never without risks and you must take the necessary precautions when you are connected with the Internet in order to protect yourself from viruses, malware, etc.
Who do we share your data with and where do we process it?
We only disclose relevant aspects of personal data to third parties if those parties are contractually bound to Bringme or act on behalf of or under contract to Bringme. Naturally, we have made agreements with these parties regarding the protection of your personal data.
However, we may disclose your personal information when such disclosure is necessary to comply with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or to protect your (vital) interests. We may also disclose your personal information when such disclosure is necessary to establish, exercise or defend legal claims, in court proceedings or in administrative or extra-judicial proceedings.
We do not provide personal data to companies outside the European Economic Area, unless there is an adequacy decision, standard provisions, appropriate safeguards, binding corporate rules or transfers referred to in Article 49 (1) GDPR.
In the event of a full or partial reorganisation, merger, demerger, acquisition or sale of assets, we are entitled to transfer personal data to the relevant third party.
You acknowledge that personal data that you submit for publication via our website or services may be available worldwide via the Internet. We cannot prevent the use (or misuse) of such personal information by others.
How long do we keep your data?
We retain personal data only for as long as necessary for the fulfilment of the purpose set out above. As the retention period depends on the purpose, but also on the type of personal data, these retention periods vary.
Your rights
We’ve summarised your rights in this section. As some of these rights are complex, not all details are included in our summaries. Therefore, you should read the relevant laws and regulatory guidelines for a full explanation of these rights.
Right of access:
you have the right to confirm whether or not we process your personal data and, where we do, have access to the personal data, together with the additional information mentioned in article 15 GDPR. Safeguarding the rights and freedoms of others is not affected, we will provide you with a copy of your personal data.
Right of rectification:
you have the right to have incorrect and/or incomplete personal data corrected and/or completed.
Right to erase:
have the right to have your personal data deleted in the circumstances mentioned in article 17 (1) GDPR, such as when you withdraw your consent for consent-based processing or object to the processing for direct marketing purposes.
Bringme will then delete your personal data without undue delay, unless the exclusions mentioned in article 17 (3) GDPR apply. For example, Bringme will not need to delete your data in case the processing is necessary in order to comply with a legal obligation.
Right to restrict processing:
you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data in the circumstances mentioned in article 18 (1) GDPR, such as in case you contest the accuracy of the personal data.
Right to data portability
: you have the right to receive the personal data concerning you, which you provided us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and to transmit such data to another controller if (a) the processing is based on consent or necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract, and (b) such processing is automated. However, this right does not apply where this would harm the rights and freedoms of others.
Right to withdraw consent:
insofar as the legal basis for our processing of your personal data is consent, you have the right to withdraw this consent at any time. The withdrawal of consent does not affect the lawfulness of the processing before its withdrawal.
Right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority:
if you believe that our processing of your personal data violates data protection laws, if you do not agree with Bringme’s position or if you have any comments regarding the exercise of your, you have the right to file a complaint with the competent supervisory authority. Below, we have added the links to the websites of possible competent authorities:
De Gegevensbeschermingsautoriteit
(Belgium)
Der Bundesbeaufragte für den Datenschutz
(Germany)
La Commission Nationale de l'Informatique et des libertés
(France)
La Commission nationale pour la protection des données
(Luxembourg)
Garante Per La Protezione Dei Dati Personali
(Italy)
Office of the Comissioner for Data Protection
(Malta)
De Autoriteit Persoonsgegevens
(Netherlands)
The Information Commissioner's Office
(United Kingdom)
Right to object to processing:
you have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes at any time. Practically, you can do this via the “opt-out”-option. Afterwards, you will no longer receive the unwanted direct marketing communications, and we will no longer process your personal data for these direct marketing purposes. Of course, it is possible, that we may still contact you in connection to the execution of the agreement.
You also have the right to object to our processing of your personal data based on Article 6 (e) or (f) GDPR for reasons relating to your specific situation. If you object, we will no longer process your personal information unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate reasons for the processing that exceed your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
In addition, you have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for scientific, historical or statistical (research) purposes for reasons relating to your specific situation, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.
We use cookies
You can read more about our use of cookies in our
Cookie Policy
.
Terms and conditions
The use of Bringme is subject to
our Terms of Use
in the Bringme App.
Data protection legislation
This Privacy Policy must be read in such a way that it complies with the data protection legislation, including the applicable international, European (e.g. GDPR), and national legislation and binding recommendations and regulations, issued by other (privacy) authorities.
We may update this policy from time to time by posting a new version on our website.
You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes to this policy.
We will notify you of significant changes to this policy by posting it on our site. We also maintain an archive of changes. You can consult this archive by contacting us.
3
3
Was this article helpful?
No
Yes
3 out of 3 found this helpful
Articles in this section
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Collect by bpost
Package Insurance Conditions
Add comment
Please
sign in
to leave a comment.