This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to improve your website experience and provide more personalized services to you, both on this website and through other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy.
We won't track your information when you visit our site. But in order to comply with your preferences, we'll have to use just one tiny cookie so that you're not asked to make this choice again.
Accept
Decline
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
This site is owned and operated by:
MyKnowledgeMap Ltd, King's House, 12 King Street, York, YO1 9WP, UK
MyKnowledgeMap is committed to protecting the privacy of visitors to the MyKnowledgeMap website
www.myknowledgemap.com
. We will collect your personal information fairly and tell you how we intend to use the information.
We do update this policy from time to time, so please check on a regular basis.
Anonymous Information collected
The only individual, but anonymous, data which MyKnowledgeMap will automatically record from visitors to the site are:
The IP address (which allows us to differentiate the visitors to the site)
The web browser and operating system software used (which helps us ensure that pages display properly)
The pages visited
The duration of visits
We do not use cookies for the general running of this website, nor do we upload cookies to your computer.
We also collect anonymous information on the pages visited using Google Analytics.  Google will store this information. Google's privacy policy is available at:
http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html
We also use AddThis, which collects information in a non-personally identifiable way. You can opt out of this by visiting
http://www.addthis.com/privacy/opt-out
All such information will only be used for administrative purposes and to compile statistics to assess the use of the site.
Personal Information you provide to us
Any personal information you provide through the MyKnowledgeMap website will only be made available to relevant employees at MyKnowledgeMap. We will not share it with any third party without your consent, unless we are required by law to do so, or in connection with any legal proceedings or defending our legal rights or as part of any sale or prospective sale of MyKnowledgeMap or its assets.
We may use the information:
To provide information to you that you request from us relating to our products or services.
To provide information to you relating to other products that may be of interest to you.
To inform you of any changes to our website, services or goods and products.
You can always let us know you don't want to hear from us again by using the Unsubscribe link provided in all our marketing emails, or by contacting us by post, email or phone.
Children and privacy
Our website does not target and is not intended to attract children under the age of 14. We do not knowingly solicit personal information from children under the age of 14 or send them requests for personal information.
Third Party Links
We may include links to third parties on this website, but we cannot vouch for theirs, or any other third party's attitude towards privacy, so please have a look at their privacy policy before sending them any personal data.
Access to Information
Under the Data Protection Act, you have the right to get a copy of the information that is held about you, though please note that we may charge a fee of up to £10 to cover the administration involved
Contacting Us
If you want to discuss any aspect of this Privacy Policy, please contact us by post, email or phone, using the details supplied on this page.
Say Hello
Get in touch with the team
If you would like to discuss one of our learning technology platforms, or have an exciting project
you would like us to get involved in, feel free to get in touch with the team.
Contact Us
Home
Privacy Policy
Back to top
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html:
