Privacy at Revolut
At Revolut, it’s important to us that you have choices and control in how we handle your personal data. All our products are reviewed extensively by our privacy team before launch, so you can expect privacy by design.
Your privacy matters to us
Your data
Your personal data belongs to you, and you have the right to understand and control how it’s used.
Your rights
If you want to exercise your rights over your personal data, you can contact us any time at
dpo@revolut.com
.
Our commitment to you
Keeping you in the loop
If you share data with us, we'll let you know exactly how we’re using it. We'll explain how we collect and use your personal data in our privacy notices, so you know what's happening.
Giving you the right to choose
We give you clear choices and simple tools to exercise your rights. If we collect data, we’ll tell you why. Adjust your preferences anytime through the 'Security & privacy' or 'Notification settings' sections in-app.
Protecting your money and data
Our full-stack security systems watch over your account 24/7 to flag suspicious activity and keep your details safe. And our award-winning Customer Support team is always on hand if you need help.
Putting our customers first
When we collect and use your data, it’s only to help us deliver exceptional services, and improve your experience.
Our full privacy notices
Privacy notices for retail customers
Customer Privacy Notice for personal account customers
Revolut <18 Customer Privacy Notice
Revolut Business privacy notices
Revolut Business Customer Privacy Notice
Prospective Customer Privacy Notice
We want to build a better financial system with you in control, and respecting your privacy is a big part of that goal. 
We’re always working to improve, so if you notice something that doesn’t meet your expectations when it comes to privacy, let us know. Our friendly privacy team at
dpo@revolut.com
will make sure your voice is heard.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.revolut.com/legal/privacy/:
You’re on the United Kingdom website. Choose your country or region to see  location-specific content
Ireland
Terms & Policies
Customer Privacy Notice
Download PDF
History
Effective date: 1 January 2025
We’re committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
We will:
always keep your personal data safe and private
never sell your personal data
allow you to manage and review your marketing choices at any time
1. About us
The Revolut group is made up of different companies. We’ll let you know which Revolut company you have a relationship with when you first apply for or use a Revolut product or service. The Revolut company providing you with a product or service will be responsible for processing your personal data for that product or service. This Revolut company is known as the ‘controller’ of your personal data:
if you are in the European Economic Area (EEA), Revolut Bank UAB is the primary controller of your personal data even if you are receiving services from one of its branches
if you are in the United Kingdom, Revolut Ltd is the primary controller of your personal data
Revolut offers products and services through different companies. You can check out the Revolut companies that provide these products and services
here
.
2. Why do I need to read this notice?
We collect your personal data when you use:
our website at
www.revolut.com
any of our Revolut apps (such as Revolut, Revolut Invest or Revolut X)
any of the services available to you through our apps or website
We may also collect your personal data from other people or companies. We explain how this can happen in more detail in the
What personal data do you collect about me?
section below.
When we say ‘personal data’, we mean information which:
we know about you (for example, we know when you use your Revolut card to pay for things)
can be used to personally identify you (for example, a combination of your name and postal address)
This notice explains what information we collect, how we use it, and your rights over your personal data.
Specific Revolut products and services you use may have standalone privacy notices. Here are some examples:
Revolut Messenger Privacy Notice
Revolut Pay Checkout Privacy Notice
Revolut <18 Privacy Notice
Tailored Ads Privacy Notice
These notices:
give you more detail about how Revolut collects, uses and protects your personal data when you use specific Revolut products or services
will be provided to you through the relevant Revolut app when you start using relevant Revolut products or services
can be accessed at any time through the Revolut website (see
here
)
Sometimes, we may also provide you with ‘just in time’ privacy explanations in our apps. When you use a new Revolut product or service for the first time:
these explanations will help you to understand what specific personal data Revolut collects, uses or shares about you for that product or service
where relevant, you will be prompted to review your in-app privacy preferences
We may provide privacy notices and explanations in languages other than English. If there are any discrepancies between other language versions and the English language versions, the English language version is authoritative.
If you have concerns about how we use your personal data, you can contact
dpo@revolut.com
.
3. What personal data do you collect about me?
The table below explains what personal data we collect and use.
Type of personal data
Details
Information you give us
We collect information you provide when you:
✓ fill in any forms
✓ correspond with us
✓ respond to any of our surveys
✓ register to use any of our apps
✓ register, or approve a registration for, a child to use the Revolut <18 app
✓ open an account or use any of our services
✓ give us access to your other financial accounts (for example, through Open Banking)
✓ take part in online discussions or promotions
✓ speak with a member of our social media or customer support teams (either on the phone or through our apps)
✓ enter a competition or share information with us on social media
✓ contact us for other reasons
We will collect the following information:
✓ your name, address, and date of birth
✓ your email address, phone number and details of the device you use (for example, your phone, computer or tablet)
✓ your Revolut username which is known as your ‘Revtag’ (this is random and is automatically assigned to you when you first join but you will be able to change it)
✓ your registration information
✓ details of your bank account, including the account number, sort code and IBAN
✓ details of your Revolut debit cards and credit cards (or other debit or credit cards you have registered with us) including the card number, expiry date and CVC (the last three digits of the number on the back of the card)
✓ copies of your identification documents (for example, your passport or driving licence) and any other information you provide to prove you are eligible to use our services
✓ your country of residence, tax residency information, and tax identification number
✓ information you provide when you apply for credit, including details about your, or your spouse’s, income, employment, and financial obligations
✓ information you provide when you sign up for wealth, trading or crypto products, including details about your employment and salary
✓ information you provide when you register or approve your children to use Revolut <18
✓ information about any existing accounts or holdings you hold with other companies that you want to transfer to Revolut
✓ records of our discussions, if you contact us or we contact you (including records of phone calls)
✓ your image in photo or video form, and facial scan data extracted from your photo or video (known as ‘biometric data’), to verify your identity during onboarding as part of our Know-Your-Customer (KYC) checks, to authenticate you as an authorised user of our services, or to detect and prevent fraud
✓ information about other people (such as a joint account holder, your spouse or family) when we ask you to give us this information to enable us to comply with our obligations under KYC, anti-money laundering and other laws and to assist with fraud monitoring
If you give us personal data about other people (such as a joint account holder, your spouse or family), or you ask us to share their personal data with third parties, you confirm that you have brought this notice to their attention beforehand.
Information collected from your use of our products and services
Whenever you use our website or apps, we collect the following information:
✓ technical information, including the internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the internet, your login information, the browser type and version, the time zone setting, device language, the operating system and platform, the type of device you use, whether your device uses a virtual private network (VPN), a unique device identifier (for example, your device's IMEI number, or the mobile phone number used by the device), mobile network information, your mobile operating system and the type of mobile browser you use
✓ information about your visit, including the links you’ve clicked on, through and from our website or app (including date and time), services you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling and clicks), and methods used to browse away from the page
✓ information on transactions and your use of Revolut products (for example, payments into and out of your account), including the date, time, amount, currencies, exchange rate, beneficiary details, details of the merchant or ATMs associated with the transaction (including merchants’ and ATMs’ locations), IP address of sender and receiver, sender's and receiver's name and registration information, messages sent or received, details of devices used to arrange the payment and the payment method used. When you book flights using your Revolut card, we also receive information about your flight’s origin, destination, airline, travel class, and so on.
✓ data stored on your device, such as the types of apps you have and other metadata about your device. If you allow us access, we may also collect information from your contacts list. The relevant Revolut app will regularly gather this information to keep everything up to date, based on your device settings.
Information about your location
If you turn location services on in the relevant Revolut app, we track your location using GPS technology.
Information from others
We collect personal data from third parties or other people, such as credit reference agencies, financial or credit institutions, price comparison websites, official registers and databases, as well as joint account holders, fraud prevention agencies, other third parties providing fraud prevention services, and partners who help us to provide our services.
This includes your credit record, external crypto wallet details, tax identification numbers, information about late payments, information to help us check your identity or eligibility to receive selected Revolut products or services, information about your spouse and family (if applicable in the context of an application for credit that you make), fraud risk scores and information relating to your transactions.
When you ask us to, we’ll also collect personal data from accounts you hold with third party financial institutions (for example, when you create a linked account by activating Open Banking in the relevant Revolut app). If you apply for our credit products, when you allow us, we may use this information for credit checks.
Sometimes other Revolut customers may give us information about you. For example, a Revolut customer may tell us that you have behaved inappropriately and provide us with evidence to support their claim.
Information from social media
Occasionally, we’ll use publicly available information about you from selected social media websites or apps to carry out enhanced due diligence checks. Publicly available information from social media websites or apps may also be provided to us when we conduct general searches on you (for example, to comply with our anti-money laundering or sanctions screening obligations).
Information from publicly available sources
We collect information and contact details from publicly available sources, such as media stories, online registers or directories, and websites for enhanced due diligence checks, security searches, and KYC purposes.
4. What is your legal basis for using my personal data?
We must have a legal basis (a valid legal reason) for using your personal data. Our legal basis will be one of the following:
Keeping to our contracts and agreements with you
We need certain personal data to provide our services and cannot provide them without this personal data.
Legal obligations
In some cases, we have a legal responsibility to collect and store your personal data (for example, under anti-money laundering laws we must hold certain information about our customers).
Legitimate interests
We sometimes collect and use your personal data because we have a legitimate reason to use it and this is reasonable when balanced against your human rights and freedoms.
Substantial public interest
Where we process your personal data, or your sensitive personal data (sometimes known as special category personal data), to adhere to government regulations or guidance, such as our obligation to prevent fraud or support you if you are, or become, a vulnerable customer.
Consent
Where you've agreed to us collecting your personal data, or sensitive personal data, for example when you tick a box to indicate you’re happy for us to use your personal data in a certain way.
We explain more about how we use your personal data in the
How do you use my personal data?
section below.
The
How do you use my personal data?
section below explains the lawful bases we rely on for various activities. The specific legal basis for processing your personal data, including sensitive personal data, depends on local regulations and the context of data collection. Whenever possible, we will provide a brief privacy explanation at the time of data collection to clarify the specific lawful basis for collecting and using your personal data.
5. How do you use my personal data?
Explore the ways in which we may use your personal data, and our legal basis for doing so, using this table:
What we use your personal data for
Our legal basis for using your personal data
Checking and confirming your identity
Whenever you sign up with Revolut, we’ll use your personal data to check your identity or the identity of joint account holders (as part of our KYC process). This may include facial scan data extracted from any photo or video you submit (known as ‘biometric data’).
We do this to keep you and other Revolut customers safe by:
confirming you are who you say you are
preventing fraudsters getting access to your account
making sure you’re not somebody we’ve previously told we cannot provide services to
We will also check your identity at other times. For example, if you register a new device to access your Revolut account or try to chat with customer support while not logged in, we’ll need to verify that it’s really you.
Sometimes, you can choose to add extra protection to your Revolut account using biometric data checks. For example, you can set up a biometric data check every time you make withdrawals from your Revolut savings or crypto accounts.
Legal obligations
Substantial public interest (to verify your identity using biometric data)
Consent (where we are required to collect your consent by law)
Providing our services
Whenever you apply for or use a Revolut product or service, we’ll use your personal data to:
decide whether or not to approve your application
meet our contractual and legal obligations relating to any products or services you use (for example, making payments into and out of your Revolut account, withdrawing cash or making payments with your Revolut card)
help you understand your spending behaviour, how you use Revolut products and services, and to help you save money (for example, by providing you with product usage and spending insights)
provide you with customer support services. We may record and monitor any communications between you and us, including phone calls, to maintain appropriate records, check your instructions, analyse, assess and improve our services, and for training and quality control purposes
Keeping to contracts and agreements between you and us
Legitimate interests (we need to be efficient about how we meet our obligations and we want to provide you with good products and services)
Legal obligations
Consent (where we are required to collect your consent by law)
Protecting against fraud
We use your personal data to check your address and identity, protect against fraud, keep to financial crime laws and to confirm that you’re eligible to use our services. We also use it to help us better understand your financial circumstances and manage fraud risks related to your Revolut account.
We're always working to protect our customers from fraud. To keep our anti-fraud measures effective, we can’t always share all the details about how we prevent fraud. However, we will always give you general information about our efforts to keep you safe.
Legitimate interests (to develop and improve how we deal with financial crime and meet our legal responsibilities)
Substantial public interest (to authenticate your identity using biometric data)
Legal obligations
Consent (where we are required to collect your consent by law)
Marketing and providing products and services that might interest you
We use your personal data to do the following:
to personalise your in-app experience and marketing messages about our products and services so they’re more relevant and interesting to you (where allowed by law). This may include analysing how you use our products, services and your transactions
if you agree, provide you with information about our partners’ promotions or offers which we think you might be interested in
if you agree, allow our partners and other organisations to provide you with information about their products or services
hold promotions and competitions for our products or services
ask your opinion about our products or services. We might publish your review but will make sure that you cannot be identified.
Remember, you can ask us to stop sending you marketing information by adjusting your marketing choices (the
How do you use my personal data for marketing?
section below explains how to do this).
Legitimate interests (to send direct marketing, ensure our direct marketing is relevant to your interests, develop our products and services, and to be efficient about how we meet our legal and contractual duties)
Consent (where we’re legally required to get your consent to send you direct marketing about our products or services, or partners’ promotions or offers, or for you to receive marketing from other organisations)
To keep our services up and running
We use your personal data to manage our website and apps, (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes), and to make sure that content is presented in the most effective way for you and your device.
We also use your personal data to:
authenticate you as an authorised user of our services when necessary (for example, if you contact our customer support or social media teams)
allow you to take part in interactive features of our services
tell you about changes to our services
help keep our website and apps safe and secure
Keeping to contracts and agreements between you and us
Legitimate interests (to be efficient about how we meet our obligations and keep to regulations that apply to us and to present content as effectively as possible for you)
Consent (where required by law)
Helping with social interactions
We use your personal data to help with social interactions through our services, or to add extra functions to provide a better experience.
For example, if you give us permission, we'll use the contacts list on your phone so you can easily make payments to, or message, your contacts using the relevant Revolut app.
Legitimate interests (to develop our products and services and to be efficient in meeting our obligations)
Consent (to access information held on your phone, for example, contacts in your contacts list, to track you when you have location services switched on)
Providing location-based services
If you turn location services on in the relevant Revolut app, we use your personal data to:
provide you with products and services
provide relevant advertising to you (for example, information about nearby merchants)
protect against fraud
Keeping to contracts and agreements between you and us
Legitimate interests (to develop and market our products and keep to regulations that apply to us)
Consent (to track you when you have location services switched on)
Preparing anonymous statistical datasets
We prepare anonymous statistical datasets about our customers’ spending patterns:
for forecasting purposes
to understand how customers use Revolut
to comply with governmental requirements and requests
These datasets may be shared internally or externally with others, including non-Revolut companies. We produce these reports using information about you and other customers. The information used and shared in this way is never personal data and you will never be identifiable from it. Anonymous statistical data cannot be linked back to you as an individual.
For example, some countries have laws that require us to report spending statistics and how money enters or leaves each country. We’ll provide anonymised statistical information that explains the broad categories of merchants that Revolut customers in that country spend their money with. We’ll also provide information about how Revolut customers top up their accounts and transfer money. However, we won’t provide any customer-level information. It will not be possible to identify any individual Revolut customer.
Legitimate interests (to conduct research and analysis, including to produce statistical research and reports)
Legal obligations
Improving our products and services
We use your personal data to:
understand how our customers are using our products and services. For example, we might check how you use our apps to see if your salary is paid into your Revolut account
help us develop and improve our current products and services. For example, we may include you in a focus group to test and develop new products because we think you will be interested based on how you spend or use other Revolut products
This allows us to continue to provide products and services that our customers want to use.
Legitimate interests (to understand how customers use our products so we can develop new products and improve the products we currently provide)
Meeting our legal obligations, enforcing our rights, protecting our business and other legal uses
We use your personal data:
to share it with other organisations (for example, government authorities, law enforcement authorities, tax authorities, fraud prevention agencies)
to send you service messages about your Revolut account (for example, updates to your account’s terms and conditions or tips on how to protect yourself from the latest scams)
to recover taxes or debts from you (for example, where you hold a credit product with us or have a negative balance in your account)
if this is necessary to meet our legal or regulatory obligations
to protect ourselves, including our rights, property, personnel or products
to enforce our rights we have under any agreement with you
to help prevent and fight harmful or unlawful behaviour and spam communications (in line with Revolut’s Community Standards)
in connection with legal claims
to help detect or prevent crime
You can find out more in the
Do you share my personal data with anyone else?
section below.
Sometimes, we’re legally required to ask you to provide information about other people. For example, we might ask you to explain:
your relationship with a joint account holder or somebody who pays money into your Revolut account
how somebody got the money in the first place to pay it into your Revolut account
Legitimate interests (for example, to protect Revolut during a legal dispute or send you anti-fraud communications)
Legal obligations
Understanding if you need extra support
We use your personal data to help us identify if you may need extra assistance. You can let us know if you need help, or we may analyse your behaviour in the relevant Revolut app, customer support chats, and transactions.
For instance, we try to spot signs of vulnerability so we can offer better support. In some countries, it’s a legal requirement for us to proactively identify and assist vulnerable customers.
Substantial public interest (if we process your sensitive personal data to keep to legal requirements that apply to us or to safeguard the economic well-being of certain individuals)
Consent (where we are required to collect your consent by law. For example, in some countries, we need your permission to record your vulnerability status)
6. Do you make automated decisions about me?
Depending on the Revolut products or services you use, we may make automated decisions about you. Some of these decisions are made using artificial intelligence without any initial human input.
We may also use technology to evaluate your personal circumstances and other factors to predict risks or outcomes. This is sometimes known as profiling. We do this for the efficient running of our services and to ensure decisions are fair, consistent and based on the right information.
If we make an automated decision or create a profile about you that significantly affects you, you have the right to request a manual review of that decision by a person. You can also share your perspective and challenge the outcome. For more information, please see the
What are my rights?
section below.
For example, we may make automated decisions about you that relate to:
Determining credit eligibility:
assessing whether you are eligible to apply for a credit product
Approving credit applications:
credit and affordability checks to see whether we can accept your credit application
setting credit limits
Monitoring credit agreements:
assessing how you’re repaying any credit product you hold with us
amending your credit limit
terminating your credit agreement
Opening accounts:
KYC, anti-money laundering and sanctions checks
identity and address checks
Detecting fraud:
monitoring your account to detect fraud and financial crime
Our legal basis is one or more of the following:
keeping to contracts and agreements between you and us
legal obligations
legitimate interests (to develop and improve how we deal with financial crime and meet our legal responsibilities)
consent (where we are required to collect your consent by law)
7. Do you run credit checks on me?
We, and our lending partners, use credit reference agencies (or other providers of credit information in some countries) to run credit checks if you apply (or tell us you want to apply) for a credit product through Revolut.
If you give us access to other accounts you hold with other financial institutions, through Open Banking, where you agree, we’ll use available information to carry out credit checks on you.
We’ll also share your personal data with credit reference agencies (or other providers of credit information) to:
confirm details you have provided when you apply for products or services
make an assessment about whether to accept your credit application
determine an appropriate credit limit for you
When you enter into a credit agreement with us, we may continue sharing information with credit reference agencies or other providers of credit information (for example, information about your repayments and whether you repay in full or on time).
We may carry out additional credit checks on you from time to time to make sure that your financial wellbeing hasn’t changed over the course of the year.  If you are a vulnerable customer, we may contact you directly when you apply for a credit product. This is to make sure that we are offering you an appropriate credit product.
The personal data we share with, and receive from, credit reference agencies (or other providers of credit information) when you apply for or use a Revolut credit product will vary depending on the country you live in. We’ll provide full details when you apply for a Revolut credit product.
For details of credit information providers we engage with in each country, please check out
this page
.
Our legal basis is one or more of the following:
consent (where we are required to collect your consent by law)
legal obligations
keeping to contracts and agreements between you and us (where you take out a credit product with us)
8. How do you use my personal data for marketing?
If you sign up to our services, and where national laws allow, we’ll assume you want to be contacted by post, push notification, email, phone call and text message with information about Revolut products, services, offers and promotions. Where national laws require us to get your consent to send marketing communications, we’ll do so in advance.
We use your personal data to personalise marketing messages about our products and services so they are more relevant and interesting to you (where allowed by law). This may include analysing how you use our services and your transactions.
You can object to profiling for direct marketing purposes. You can also adjust your preferences or tell us you don't want to receive direct marketing at any time. Just use the privacy settings in the relevant Revolut app or tap the unsubscribe links in any marketing message we send you or, if we call you, ask us not to contact you again.
If you do not want to receive personalised marketing messages, and opt out from receiving them, you will not receive any marketing communications. However, you may still receive generic information about our products and services in our apps.
We won't pass your details on to any organisations outside the Revolut group of companies for their marketing purposes without your permission. You can find out more in the
Do you share my personal data with anyone else?
section below.
Our legal basis is:
consent (where we are required by law to collect your consent)
legitimate interests (to send you marketing and to provide information relevant to your interests)
9. What are my rights?
Your right
What it means
You have the right to be told how we use your personal data
We provide this privacy notice to explain how we use your personal data.
You have the right to ask us for a copy of your personal data
If you ask, we’ll provide a copy of the personal data we hold about you. We can’t give you any personal data about other people, personal data which is linked to an ongoing criminal or fraud investigation, or personal data which is linked to settlement negotiations with you. We also won't provide you with any communication we've had with our legal advisers.
You can ask us to correct your personal data if you think it's wrong
You can have incomplete or inaccurate personal data corrected. Before we update your file, we may need to check the accuracy of the new personal data you have provided.
You can ask us to delete your personal data
You can ask us to delete your personal data if:
✓ there's no good reason for us to continue using it
✓ you gave us consent (permission) to use your personal data  and you have now withdrawn that consent
✓ you have objected to us using your personal data
✓ we have used your personal data unlawfully
✓ the law requires us to delete your personal data
Just to let you know, we may not be able to agree to your request. As a regulated financial services provider, we must keep certain customer personal data even when you ask us to delete it (we've explained this in more detail below). If you've closed your Revolut account, we may not be able to delete your entire file because these regulatory responsibilities take priority. We’ll always let you know if we can't delete your personal data.
You can object to us processing your personal data for marketing purposes
You can tell us to stop using your personal data, including profiling you, for marketing.
You can object to us processing other personal data (if we’re using it for legitimate interests)
If our legal basis for using your personal data is 'legitimate interests' and you disagree with us using it, you can object.
However, if there is an overriding reason why we need to use your personal data, we will not accept your request.
If you object to us using personal data which we need to provide our services, we may need to close your account as we won’t be able to provide the services.
You can ask us to restrict how we use your personal data
You can ask us to suspend using your personal data if:
✓ you want us to investigate whether it’s accurate
✓ our use of your personal data is unlawful but you don’t want us to delete it
✓ we no longer need your personal data, but you want us to continue holding it for you in connection with a legal claim
✓ you have objected to us using your personal data (see above), but we need to check whether we have an overriding reason to use it
You can ask us to transfer personal data to you or another company
f we can, and are allowed to do so under regulatory requirements, we’ll provide your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format.
You can withdraw your permission
If you’ve given us the consent we need to use your personal data, you can withdraw it at any time (for example, by changing your privacy settings in the relevant Revolut app or sending an email to
dpo@revolut.com
).
(Please note, it will have been lawful for us to use the personal data up to the point you withdraw your permission.)
You can ask us to carry out a human review of an automated decision we make about you
If we make an automated decision about you that significantly affects you, you can ask us to carry out a manual review of this decision.
Your ability to exercise these rights will depend on a number of factors. Sometimes, we won’t be able to agree to your request (for example, if we have a legitimate reason for not doing so or the right does not apply to the particular information we hold about you).
10. How do I exercise my rights?
To exercise any of your rights set out in the previous section, you can send us an email at
dpo@revolut.com
.
For security reasons, we can't deal with your request if we’re not sure of your identity, so we may ask you for proof of ID.
If a third party exercises one of these rights on your behalf, we may need to ask for proof that they’ve been authorised to act on your behalf.
When you exercise one of your rights, or update your privacy settings in the Revolut app, it may take us up to one month to respond or implement your changes.
Revolut will usually not charge you a fee when you exercise your rights. However, we’re allowed by law to charge a reasonable fee or refuse to act on your request if it is manifestly unfounded or excessive.
If you’re unhappy with how we’ve handled your request you can complain to your
local data protection authority
. In the United Kingdom, this is the Information Commissioner’s Office (
website
). In the European Economic Area, our cross-border data protection authority is the Lithuanian State Data Protection Inspectorate (
website
).
11. Do you share my personal data with anyone else?
Revolut group companies
We share your personal data within the Revolut group of companies to:
provide you with the best service
protect you, other customers and our systems from fraud or harmful behaviour
facilitate you quickly signing up to use other Revolut products or services
improve existing, or develop new, products or services
send you information about Revolut products and services we think you’ll be interested in hearing about
Other Revolut customers
We’ll ask you to let us sync your mobile phone contacts. This will help you to identify which of your trusted mobile phone contacts are Revolut customers. Your ‘trusted contacts’ will also be able to see if you’re a Revolut customer through our in-app discoverability settings.
In-app discoverability gives you access to Revolut features like requesting money from your friends, splitting bills, group savings, paying other Revolut customers or chatting to your ‘trusted contacts’.
We use technological safeguards to ensure a ‘trusted contact’ is somebody you already know and who knows you (for example, you have each other saved in each other’s mobile phone contacts lists or have already received or given money through a peer-to-peer payment with them).
Both you and your trusted contact must have synced your mobile phone contacts lists with Revolut to be viewable to each other in the relevant Revolut app.
If you have synced your mobile phone contacts, we show basic details about you in the relevant Revolut app to your trusted contacts who are also Revolut customers (for example, your name (as saved in your friend’s contacts list), mobile phone number, Revtag, Revolut membership plan, and Revolut profile photo (if you have one)).
You can, of course, choose not to sync your contacts list with Revolut. This means that you won’t be able to identify which of your mobile phone contacts are Revolut customers.
You can also change your discoverability preferences through the privacy settings in the relevant Revolut app.
Other Revolut customers will be able to search for you through the relevant Revolut app using your Revtag. When they input your Revtag, they will be able to see your name and profile photo (if you have one). You can turn off being discoverable by your Revtag through the privacy settings in the relevant Revolut app.
People or companies that you transfer money to
Where you make a payment from your Revolut account, we’ll provide the recipient with your details alongside your payment (for example, your name and IBAN). This is because, like all payment institutions, we’re required by law to include certain information with payments.
People or companies that transfer money to you
When you receive a payment to your Revolut account, we’ll provide the payer with your details (for example, your name and IBAN). This is necessary to confirm that the payment has been made to the correct account.
Suppliers
The table below explains which suppliers we normally share your personal data with:
Type of supplier
Why we share your personal data
Suppliers who provide us with IT, artificial intelligence, payment and delivery services
To help us provide our services to you
Our banking and financial services partners and payments networks, including Visa and Mastercard
To help us provide our services to you. This includes banking and lending partners, banking intermediaries and international payment service providers
Identity verification and KYC service providers
To help us verify your identity so we can provide services to you
Card manufacturing, personalisation and delivery companies
To create and deliver your personalised Revolut card
Analytics providers and search information providers
To help us improve our website or apps
Customer-service providers, survey providers and developers
To help us to provide our services to you
Communications services providers
To help us send you emails, push notifications and text messages
Debt collection agencies
To manage and recover debts that you owe or may end up owing (including if you have a Revolut credit product)
Partners who help to provide our services
We may share your personal data with our partners to:
provide certain services you’ve asked us for (for example, when we offer insurance as part of our membership plans)
make sure you or our partner gets any reward that has been promised (for example, if you make a purchase with a partner, we will share limited information about you to make sure you get the right cashback and/or the partner gets a promised commission payment)
We’ll only share your personal data in this way if you’ve made a qualifying purchase, asked for the relevant service or if it’s provided as part of our membership plans.
From time to time, we may work with other partners to offer you co-branded services or promotional offers, and we’ll share some of your personal data with those partners. We will always make sure you understand how we and our partners process your personal data for these purposes.
We’ll only provide you with tailored offers from third party brands in a Revolut app where you’ve specifically asked us to. You can read more about this in our
Tailored Ads Privacy Notice
.
Credit reference agencies
As set out in the Do you run credit checks on me? section above, if you apply for a credit product, we'll share your personal data with credit reference agencies to check whether you are likely to make repayments when due.
If you are in the United Kingdom, we also share personal data with credit reference agencies, including Equifax and Experian, to verify your identity during onboarding. You can find out more about how Equifax and Experian handle your personal data
here
and
here
respectively.
Other financial institutions and Revolut customers
We may share your personal data with other financial institutions, or Revolut customers, if you ask us to. For example, if you have activated Open Banking through an account you hold with another financial institution and given them permission, we’ll share data from your Revolut account (such as your balance, payment transactions, account number, sort code and contact details) with that financial institution.
We may also share your personal data with other financial institutions, or Revolut customers, where you do not ask us to. For example, if a payment is made to your account by mistake, we can share your information with the financial institution, or Revolut customer, the payment came from. This will help the payer and the other financial institution to try and get the payment back themselves.
Joint account holders
If you have a joint account with us, we will share account and transaction information between joint account holders. For example, your co-account holder will see any transactions you make from your joint account.
Other third parties
We may share your personal data with other third parties where necessary to facilitate you receiving payments to your Revolut account.
For legal reasons
We also share your personal data with other financial institutions, financial services companies,  insurance providers, government authorities, law enforcement authorities, tax authorities, companies and fraud prevention agencies to check your identity, investigate or protect against suspected fraud, keep to tax laws, anti-money laundering laws, or any other laws and confirm that you’re eligible to use our products and services.
If fraud is detected, you could be refused certain services by Revolut or other companies.
We may also need to share your personal data with other third party organisations or authorities:
if we have to do so under any law or regulation
if we sell our business or credit portfolio
in connection with criminal or fraud investigations
to enforce our rights (and those of customers or others)
in connection with legal claims
Social media and advertising companies
When we use social media for marketing purposes, your personal data (limited to only your name, email address and app events) may be shared with the social media platforms so that they can check if you also hold an account with them. If you do, we may ask the social media provider to:
help us to understand and measure the effectiveness of our online advertising
use your personal data to send our adverts to you, because we think that you might be interested in a new Revolut product or service
not send you our adverts, because the marketing relates to a service that you already use
send our adverts to people who have a similar profile to you (for example, if one of our services is particularly useful to people with similar interests to the ones on your social media profile, we may ask our advertising partner or social media partner to send our adverts for that service to those people)
An example of how we may use social media for marketing purposes is through Facebook’s ‘Custom Audience’ tool.
Read more about these terms
.
We may share your personal data with our advertising partners in the ways described above, but the personal data is hashed before we send it, and the advertising partner we share it with is only allowed to use that hashed personal data in the ways described above.
Our legal basis is:
legitimate interests (to ensure Revolut’s advertising is as effective as possible)
You can contact us at any time by emailing
dpo@revolut.com
, if you don’t want us to share your personal data for advertising purposes. You can also use the privacy settings in the Revolut app to opt out from having your personal data shared in this way.
Remember you can also manage your marketing preferences directly with any social media provider that you have an account with.
Where you ask us to share your personal data
Where you direct us to share your personal data with a third party, we may do so. For example, you may authorise third parties to act on your behalf (such as a lawyer, accountant or family member or guardian under a power of attorney). We may need to ask for proof that a third party has been validly authorised to act on your behalf.
12. Will my personal data go outside the United Kingdom or Europe?
As we provide an international service, we may need to transfer your personal data outside the United Kingdom or EEA to help us provide our services.
For example, if you make an international payment, we’ll send funds to banks outside of the United Kingdom or EEA. We might also send your personal data outside of the United Kingdom or EEA to keep to global legal and regulatory requirements, and to provide ongoing support services.
We may send your personal data outside of the United Kingdom or EEA to:
keep to global legal and regulatory requirements
provide ongoing support services
fraud prevention agencies, regulators or law enforcement authorities
enable us to provide you with products or services you have requested
If we transfer your personal data to another country that doesn’t offer a standard of data protection equivalent to the United Kingdom or EEA, we will make sure that your personal data is sufficiently protected. For example, we’ll make sure that a contract with strict data protection safeguards is in place before we transfer your personal data. In some cases, you may be entitled to ask us for a copy of this contract.
If you would like more information, please contact us by sending an email to
dpo@revolut.com
.
13. How do you protect my personal data?
We recognise the importance of protecting and managing your personal data. Any personal data we process will be treated with the utmost care and security. This section sets out some of the security measures we have in place.
We use a variety of organisational and technical measures to:
maintain the confidentiality, availability and integrity of your personal data
make sure your personal data is not improperly used or disclosed
We have detailed information security and data protection policies which our employees are required to follow when they handle your personal data. Our employees receive data protection and information security training. Personal data is stored on secure computer systems with access management controls in place to limit physical, system and information access to only authorised employees.
Revolut has strict policies in place that control how we share your personal data with other companies. Before sharing personal data with any company, we thoroughly:
vet the company in advance
assess the security controls the company has in place to protect your personal data
While we take all reasonable steps to ensure that your personal data will be kept secure from unauthorised access, we cannot guarantee it will be secure during transmission by you to our app, our website or other services we may provide. We use HTTPS (HTTP Secure), where the communication protocol is encrypted through Transport Layer Security for secure communication over networks, for all our app, web and payment-processing services.
You are responsible for keeping your Revolut account secure by keeping your passwords, PINs, and one-time passcodes private. Do not share this information with anyone, as it may allow them access to your Revolut account and personal data. Remember, Revolut will never ask you for these details through phone calls, emails, or texts.
When you use our public services, which includes our social network accounts and the Revolut Community forum, do not share any personal data that you don't want to be seen, collected or used by other customers, as this personal data will become publicly available.
14. How long will you keep my personal data for?
We will keep your personal data:
for as long as necessary to achieve the original purpose we collected it for
in line with relevant laws
We are required to keep certain personal data for specified time periods by KYC, anti-money laundering, banking and e-money laws. These time periods vary from country to country.
Here is a general guideline for how long we keep your personal data:
if you use Revolut services in the United Kingdom, we’ll keep your personal data for no more than seven years after our business relationship ends
if you use Revolut services in the EEA, we’ll keep your personal data for no more than 10 years after our business relationship ends
Revolut has detailed policies and procedures in place to ensure we comply with these requirements.
We may keep your personal data for a longer time period because of a potential or ongoing court claim, or for another legal reason.
15. How will you keep me updated about how you use my personal data?
If we change the way we use your personal data, we’ll update this notice and, if appropriate, let you know by email, through the relevant Revolut app or through our website.
16. Do you use cookies?
We use cookies to analyse how you use our website. Please read our
Cookies Policy
for more information about cookies.
We also use pixels or web beacons in the direct marketing emails that we send to you. These pixels track whether our email was delivered and opened, and whether links within the email were clicked. They also allow us to collect information such as your IP address, browser, email client type and other similar details. We use this information to measure the performance of our email campaigns, and for analytics. You can control whether you receive direct marketing emails through the privacy settings in the relevant Revolut app.
Choose your cookies
Cookies help us to enhance your experience, tailor ads to your interests, and improve our website.
Learn more and manage
Accept all
Reject non-essential cookies
Sub-policy 1
https://www.revolut.com/legal/privacy-information-for-children/:
You’re on the United Kingdom website. Choose your country or region to see  location-specific content
Ireland
Terms & Policies
Revolut <18 Privacy Notice
Download PDF
History
Let’s talk about your data!
We are Revolut Limited and our address is 7 Westferry Circus, Canary Wharf, London, E14 4HD, United Kingdom. We are in charge of Revolut <18.
Revolut <18 is a great way to pay for things and learn how to use money.
Your parent or a guardian who looks after you opened or approved a Revolut <18 account for you. Your parent or guardian may add another person as a “co-parent” on your Revolut <18 account. Your co-parent may be your other parent, another guardian, a family member or a family friend. While co-parents can help you with your Revolut <18 account, the important thing to remember is that your parent or guardian is the main person responsible for your Revolut <18 account.
You’ll soon receive your Revolut <18 card. Your parent, guardian or co-parent (if you have one) can put money on your card so you can use it to pay for things.
Before you start using your Revolut <18 account, we need to talk about how we use information about you (your data).
What is your ‘data’?
Data is information that we have about you. It includes things like your name, date of birth, how the person who opened your account knows you (whether they are your mum, dad or guardian) and your email address and phone number. These are just a few examples of what your data is. There are many other types of data that we do not use.
When you use your account, we get more information about you. Here are some examples.
●	When you use your card to pay for things, we collect information including the date, where you are and the amount you spend.
●	We use ‘cookies’ to understand how people use our website. We also look at how Revolut <18 users like you use our app. We like to know who uses our website and app, and how we can make them better.
Sometimes, we’ll ask your parent or guardian for documents so we can be sure who you are. This could be your passport, ID card or birth certificate. We will also have any other information you or they decide to give us, such as your photo.
If you ever have a question about how we use your data, you can email us at dpo-junior@revolut.com. If you have any other questions, your parent or guardian should get in touch with us.
When you email us, we’ll ask you some questions so we can make sure it’s you emailing us and not somebody else.
You should always be careful about what you write in any emails. Don’t tell us anything more than you need to give us, or give us any information that could be used in a bad way by somebody else. If we need you to tell us something, we’ll ask you for it.
You can trust us to look after your data. There are laws that make sure we protect it and can’t use it for anything that is bad for you.
Why protecting your data is so important
Your parent or guardian either opened your Revolut <18 account for you or approved your account after you created it. They, and your co-parent (if you have one), can check how you use your account, what you’re spending your money on and how much money is in your account (so they know when to top it up). This means that your parent or guardian, and your co-parent (if you have one), can see your data. We can also see your data because we need to use it to run your account. We do not want other people or companies to see your data if you do not want them to.
Think about something that means a lot to you – maybe it’s your favourite toy or your mobile phone. You wouldn’t want someone to use it if you didn’t say they could. If you let someone use it, you’d want to know what they are using it for, that they are looking after it, and that they’ll tell you if something happens to it. You’d also want them to ask you before they let someone else use it, and to give it back to you if you ask for it. We treat your data as being that important to you.
Why we can use your data
There are a lot of laws about data. These laws say that we can only use your data if we have a good reason. So, here are our reasons for using your data.
●	We get some of your data when you, or your parent or guardian, opened your Revolut <18 account. This data includes when you downloaded the Revolut <18 app and asked your parent or guardian to activate your Revolut <18 account. We need this data to be able to set up your Revolut <18 account.
●	We need to use your data to let you use your account. We can only let you use your account if we have your data.
●	The law tells us we need to collect and store some of your data.
●	We use your data to work out how to make Revolut <18 better. We only do this if it is fair to you and will not cause you problems.
●	We add your data together with other Revolut <18 users’ data to understand how everyone uses Revolut <18. When we do this, the data is known as ‘anonymous’ data because it is not possible for us to identify you after we combined your data with lots of other people’s data.
We will look after your data properly. We’ll always tell you if we need to use your data for any other reason.
What we use your data for
We use your data so we can do the following.
●	Allow you to use your card to pay for the things you buy.
●	Allow you to send money to, or get money from, your friends through Revolut <18 (but only if the laws of your country say you are old enough to do this). If you are old enough, you will also be able to share your contacts list with Revolut <18 so you can quickly find friends who also use Revolut <18. If you agree, you will also be able to find any nearby friends on Revolut <18. You can choose to stop sharing your location or syncing your contacts list at any time through the Revolut <18 app.
●	Make sure it is you using the account (we will use your name, birthday and, sometimes, other information like your passport).
●	Make sure we give you important news and other information you need to know about.
●	Send you a welcome pack and information like tips on how to use your account to save money.
●	Send you messages with information about products and features that you might be interested in using, but which you don’t need to use if you don’t want to. We will send messages only if your parent or guardian – or you, if you are old enough – agree. Your parent or guardian – or you, if you are old enough – can update this permission at any time using the Revolut or Revolut <18 apps. Messages can be about Revolut <18 features or about offers from other companies that Revolut works with. Your parent or guardian – or you, if you are old enough – can agree to receive either type of message. Revolut will never force you to receive these messages. It is always your choice (or your parent’s or guardian’s choice if you are too young to decide).
●	Protect your account (for example, by making sure you are at the same place as your card is being used, as we explained earlier).
●	Reply when you, your parent or your guardian contacts us, or answer any questions you ask us. Just so you know, your co-parent (if you have one) won’t be able to contact us about your Revolut <18 account.
●	Find out what you like and don’t like about Revolut <18 so we can make it better for you.
●	Understand how people use Revolut <18, including the card and the app, by adding your data to other Revolut <18 users’ data. When we do this, we are not able to identify you because your data has been mixed with lots of other people’s data. This means that the data is ‘anonymous’. For example, we can work out how much pocket money Revolut <18 users get generally without knowing exactly how much pocket money you get.
●	Make sure we don’t break the law. To do this, we’ll share information with the police or other important people when we need to. They will investigate when something has gone wrong and make sure we’re doing everything right to protect you.
We won’t do anything that we’re not allowed to with your data
We will always be honest with you about how we use your data. We’ll tell you why we use it. For example, we need your name so we can print it on your card, and we need your address so we can send you your card.
We hope you now understand what we do with your data. If we ever want to do something new with your data we’ll ask your parent or guardian if it is okay. Just so you know, we won’t ever ask your co-parent these questions. Only your parent or guardian can make decisions about your Revolut <18 account. Depending on the country where you live, we might ask you if it’s okay as well. If the law says that you can make decisions without any help from your parent or guardian, we will just ask you if it is okay.
Sharing your data
We sometimes need to share your data with other people or companies. Here are some examples.
●	If another company buys our company, we’ll give them your data because they will be the one that lets you use your account. If this was going to happen, we would tell you.
●	We share your data with other companies that help us run, and let you use, your account. We only work with companies that we trust to protect your data. For example, we share your name with our card maker so they can make your Revolut <18 card. We’ll share your address with another company that will deliver your card to you. These companies will use your data only for these reasons.
●	We share your data with people who help us run our business (like lawyers and accountants who help us to make sure we’re following the law and doing things right).
●	We share your data with official people who keep an eye on what we do to make sure we are looking after you properly. There are laws that make us do this.
●	If you are old enough, you will be able to share your Revolut <18 username with your friends or other Revolut <18 users.
●	If you are old enough, you will be able to let your friends or other Revolut <18 users know if you are nearby. You can change this at any time through the Revolut <18 app.
●	If a friend sends you an invite code for Revolut <18, we will let them know once your Revolut <18 card has been ordered after your parent or guardian has confirmed your account application.
We only share your data with other companies when we know they protect it in the same way that we do.
This is the same as your friend asking you if their friend can use your favourite toy or your mobile phone. They shouldn’t let their friend use it if they do not trust them.
It is important that you know where we send your data. We will send it to people and companies that are in this country or another country in Europe.
Sometimes, we will need to send your data outside Europe so you can use your account. We’ll always tell you when we need to do this. We’ll also make sure your data is protected in the same way as it is protected in Europe.
We will keep your data safe and tell you if something goes wrong
We’ll look after your data in the same way that you’d expect your friend to look after something that you let them use.
We do things to make sure that other people can’t see your data without your permission. We work hard to protect your data. It is one of the most important things we do. Only you should know your Revolut <18 password. Make sure that nobody else knows it. Check that no one can see your password when you type it.
We will do our best to protect your data. We’ll always do what the law says we must do to keep your data safe. Unfortunately, even where we do our best, information on the internet can never be totally safe. We cannot promise that your data will always be safe. If someone breaks into our office, our computers or our databases and gets hold of your data, we will let you or your parent or guardian know as soon as possible. We’ll always do our best to help you with any problems.
Know your rights
The law says you can ask us lots of things about your data.
●
You can ask to see your data.
●
You can ask us to correct your data.
If you think we’ve got any of it wrong, we can fix it.
●
You can ask us to stop using your data for certain reasons or ‘object’ to us using it (tell us that you really disagree with it)
. Even if you said it was okay for us to use your data in a certain way, if you change your mind just let us know. We’ll let you know if we can stop using it. We’ll make sure we keep a note of your concerns even if we can’t stop using your data for the reason you asked.
●
You can ask us to destroy your data.
We’ll do this as long as the law says we can.
●
You can ask us for a copy of your data.
●
You can ask us to stop using computers to make decisions about you.
Sometimes a company can use a computer to make automatic decisions. You can ask us to make sure that a human is in charge of making important decisions about you.
If you ask us to do something that means we would have to stop letting you use your account, we will let your parent or guardian know. We’ll also let your parent or guardian know if you ask us for a copy of your data. This is because we may have no way of sending your data straight to you. Just so you know, we will only contact your parent or guardian and won’t contact your co-parent.
It is really important that you can ask us to do the things shown above, but sometimes other things are more important. For example, if you ask us to destroy all of your data, we can’t do that straight away. We must keep some of your data for six years from when you ask us to destroy it. This is because there are laws that tell us we have to do this to keep you safe. We will always explain to you if something like this happens. We’ll never try to hide what we do with your data.
How long we can keep your data for
We need to keep your data while you have a Revolut <18 account.
We may need to keep your data for longer if the law says we have to. So even if you ask us to destroy your data, we may not be able to do that straight away.
You, or your parent or guardian, may decide to close your account at some point. This may be because you don’t need it anymore, or because you turn 18 and switch to an adult Revolut account. If you close your account, we’ll keep your data for up to six years. We may need to keep it even longer if we need to use it in a court case because some person or company says that we have broken the law but we don’t think we have.
What to do if you have any questions or want to know more
Get in touch!
If you have any questions about your data, email us at dpo-junior@revolut.com. Your parent or guardian can also get in touch with us about your account.
If you are unhappy with how we use your data, or you have a complaint that you don’t think we have answered properly, you (or your parent or guardian) can contact the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) through the website at https://ico.org.uk/.The ICO can tell us what to do if we do something wrong, and they can make sure we look after your data properly.
Choose your cookies
Cookies help us to enhance your experience, tailor ads to your interests, and improve our website.
Learn more and manage
Accept all
Reject non-essential cookies
Sub-policy 2
https://www.revolut.com/legal/business-customer-privacy-notice/:
You’re on the United Kingdom website. Choose your country or region to see  location-specific content
Ireland
Terms & Policies
Revolut Business Customer Privacy Notice
Download PDF
History
Effective date
: 1 January 2025
We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
We will:
always keep your personal data safe and private
never sell your personal data
allow you to manage your marketing choices at any time
1. About us
When you use Revolut Business, Revolut, or the company that holds the Revolut Business account you use, will be responsible for processing your personal data. Either Revolut, or the Revolut Business account holder company, is referred to as the ‘controller’ of your personal data.
For more details on whether Revolut or the company managing your Revolut Business account is a controller of your personal data, please see the
What personal data do you collect about me?
section below.
Revolut offers products and services through different companies. When Revolut is a controller of your personal data, the following applies based on your location:
if you are in the European Economic Area (EEA), Revolut Bank UAB is the primary controller of your personal data even if you are receiving services from one of its branches
if you are in the United Kingdom, Revolut Ltd is the primary controller of your personal data.
2. Why do I need to read this notice?
We will collect your personal data when you use:
our website at
www.revolut.com
the Revolut Business app
any of the services available to you through the Revolut Business app or website
We may also collect your personal data from other people or companies. We explain how this can happen in more detail at
What personal data do you collect about me?
section below.
When we say ‘personal data’, we mean information which:
we know about you (for example, if you are a director of a company applying for a Revolut Business account, or are able to give us instructions about a Revolut Business account, we may ask you to provide identification documents)
can be used to personally identify you (for example, a combination of your name and postal address)
Data protection laws do not apply to information about legal entities (for example, limited liability companies). However, they do apply to people. When we provide Revolut Business products, we process personal data of the individuals authorised to set the account up and give us instructions about the account. We also may process personal data about other employees and customers of the company that receives Revolut Business products.
If more than one person is authorised to give instructions on a Revolut Business account, references in this notice to ‘you’ and ‘your’ will mean any, or all, of those people. When we refer to a ‘company’, we mean the company that holds the Revolut Business account.
This notice explains what personal data we collect, how we use it, and your rights if you want to change how we use your personal data. This notice only applies to personal data. It does not apply to company information.
Sometimes, we may also provide you with ‘just in time’ privacy explanations in the Revolut Business app. When you use a new Revolut Business product or service for the first time, these explanations will help you to understand what specific personal data Revolut collects, uses or shares about you for that product or service.
We may provide privacy notices in languages other than English. If there are any discrepancies between other language versions and the English language versions, the English language version is authoritative.
If you have concerns about how we use your personal data, you can contact
dpo@revolut.com
.
3. What personal data do you collect about me?
The types of personal data we collect depend on how you use Revolut Business. When you use Revolut Business, you can be:
a representative, employer or an employee that is responsible for applying for and / or running a Revolut Business account on behalf of a company or registered sole trader (for example, you can give instructions on the account), which we call an ‘
Account Owner
’ or ‘
Authorised User
’
an employee of a company that has a Revolut Business account, and your employer has invited you to use its Revolut Business account, which we call an ‘
Authorised Cardholder
’
If you are:
an Account Owner or Authorised User, we are the ‘controller’ of your personal data when we provide you with Revolut Business
an Authorised Cardholder, the company that holds the Revolut Business account you’re using is usually the main ‘controller’ of your personal data. If you have questions about how your personal data is processed by Revolut for that company, please reach out to them. In some cases, Revolut may also be a controller of your personal data. This can happen, for example, if we send you direct marketing messages or ask you for identification documents and ‘selfie’ photos or videos for Know-Your-Business (‘
KYB
’) checks
a customer of a company that holds a Revolut Business account, that company is a ‘controller’ of your personal data. Please contact it if you have any questions about how your personal data is processed by Revolut Business on its behalf
a prospective Revolut Business customer who has not yet applied for a Revolut Business account, but may have received information about Revolut Business, we provide you with a separate privacy notice available
here.
The table below explains what personal data we collect and use about you:
Type of personal data
Details
Information you give us
We collect information you provide when you:
✓ fill in any forms
✓ correspond with us
✓ respond to any of our surveys
✓ register to use the Revolut Business app
✓ open a Revolut Business account, are assigned to be an Account Owner,  Authorised Owner, or Authorised Cardholder, or use any of our services
✓ create a Revolut Business profile page to facilitate receiving payments from your customers
✓ give us access to your, or your company’s, other financial accounts (for example, through Open Banking)
✓ take part in online discussions or promotions
✓ speak with a member of our social media or customer support teams (for example, through our social media pages, website, on the phone or through the Revolut Business app)
✓ enter a competition or share information with us on social media
✓ contact us for other reasons
We will collect the following information:
✓ your name, address, place of birth, date of birth
✓ the geographic location of your business or the company that holds a Revolut Business account
✓ your email address, phone number and details of the device you use (for example, your phone, computer or tablet)
✓ your Revolut username which is known as your ‘Revtag’ (you can create your own Revtag to request payment from your customers through Revolut Business)
✓ your registration information
✓ details of the relevant Revolut Business account you are associated with, including the account number, sort code and IBAN
✓ details of your Revolut Business cards (or other cards you have registered with us) including the card number, expiry date and CVC (the last three digits of the number on the back of the card)
✓ copies of your identification documents (for example, your passport or driving licence) and any other information you provide to prove you are eligible to use our services
✓ your country of residence, tax residency information and tax identification number
✓ information you provide when you sign up for wealth, trading, or crypto products
✓ information about any existing accounts or holdings you hold with other companies that you want to transfer to Revolut
✓ records of our discussions, if you contact us or we contact you (including records of phone calls)
✓ your image in photo or video form, and facial scan data extracted from your photo or video (known as ‘biometric data’), to verify your identity during onboarding as part of our KYB checks, to authenticate you as an authorised user of our services, or to detect and prevent fraud.
✓ information about other people (such as the company’s shareholders, directors, employees, customers or business partners) where we are legally required to ask for such information (for example, as part of KYB checks or under anti-money laundering laws to verify your company’s sources of funds)
If you, or your company, give us personal data about other people, you are responsible for ensuring that they understand how we will process their personal data.
Information about how you use Revolut Business
When you use Revolut Business, we get information about:
✓ how you use your Revolut Business account
✓ any transactions you make with your Revolut Business account
✓ your device (as explained below)
Information collected from your use of our products and services
Whenever you use our website or the Revolut Business app, we collect the following information:
✓ technical information, including the internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the internet, your log-in information, the browser type and version, the time-zone setting, device language, the operating system and platform, the type of device you use, whether your device uses a virtual private network (VPN), a unique device identifier (for example, your device's IMEI number, or the mobile phone number used by the device), mobile network information, your mobile operating system and the type of mobile browser you use
✓ information about your visit, including the links you have clicked on, through and from our website or app (including date and time), services you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling and clicks), and methods used to browse away from the page
✓ information on transactions (for example, payments into and out of your Revolut Business account), including the date, time, amount, currencies, exchange rate, beneficiary details, details of the merchant or ATMs associated with the transaction (including merchants’ and ATMs’ locations), IP address of sender and receiver, sender's and receiver's name and registration information, messages sent or received, details of device used to arrange the payment and the payment method used
✓ information stored on your device. The Revolut Business app will regularly collect this information in order to stay up to date (but only if you have given us permission)
Information from your employer
Where a company that holds a Revolut Business account nominates you as an Account Owner, Authorised User, or Authorised Cardholder, your employer will give us information about you. Typically, this will include your name and business contact details. In some cases, it may also include your employment status, salary details and tax information (for example, if your employer uses Revolut Business to administer its payroll).
Information from others
We collect personal data from third parties, such as credit reference agencies, financial or credit institutions, official registers and databases, as well as fraud prevention agencies, other third parties providing fraud prevention services, and partners who help us to provide our services.
This includes your credit record, external crypto wallet details, tax identification numbers, information about late payments, information to help us check your identity or eligibility to receive selected Revolut Business products or services, information about you, fraud risk scores, and information relating to your transactions. We have explained more in the
Do you run credit checks on me?
section below.
When you ask us to, we’ll also collect personal data from your third party accounting software or accounts you, or your company, have with third party financial institutions (for example, when you create a linked account by activating Open Banking in the Revolut Business app).
Information from websites or social media
We may collect information about you if you make it publicly available on websites, social media websites or apps.  Publicly available information from social media websites or apps may also be provided to us when we conduct general searches on you.
We do this as part of our KYB checks and to comply with our anti-money laundering or sanctions screening obligations.
Information from publicly available sources
We collect, or may ask you to provide, personal data from publicly available sources, such as media stories, online registers or directories, and websites for enhanced due diligence checks, security searches and KYB purposes.
4. What is your legal basis for using my personal data?
We must have a legal basis (a valid legal reason) for using your personal data. Our legal basis will be one of the following:
Keeping to our contracts and agreements with you
We need certain personal data to provide our services and cannot provide them without this personal data.
Legal obligations
In some cases, we have a legal responsibility to collect and store your personal data (for example, under anti-money laundering laws we must hold certain information about our customers).
Legitimate interests
We sometimes collect and use your personal data because we have a legitimate interest to use it and this is reasonable when balanced against your human rights and freedoms.
Substantial public interest
Where we process your personal data, or your sensitive personal data (sometimes known as special category personal data), to adhere to government regulations or guidance, such as our obligation to prevent fraud.
Consent
Where you’ve agreed to us collecting your personal data, or your sensitive personal data, for example when you have ticked a box to indicate that you are happy for us to use your personal data in a certain way.
We explain more about how we use your personal data in the
How do you use my personal data?
section below.
The
How do you use my personal data?
section below explains the lawful bases we rely on for various activities. The specific legal basis for processing your personal data, including sensitive personal data, depends on local regulations and the context of data collection. Whenever possible, we will provide a brief privacy explanation at the time of data collection to clarify the specific lawful basis for collecting and using your personal data.
5. How do you use my personal data?
Explore the ways in which we may use your personal data using this table:
What we use your personal data for
Our legal basis for using your personal data
Checking and confirming your identity
Whenever you sign up with Revolut Business, we’ll use your personal data to check your identity (as part of our KYB process).
This may include facial scan data extracted from any photo or video you submit (known as ‘biometric data’).
We do this to keep you and other Revolut Business customers safe by:
confirming you are who you say you are
preventing fraudsters getting access to the relevant Revolut Business account
making sure you’re not somebody we’ve previously told we cannot provide services to
We will also check your identity at other times. For example, if you register a new device to access your Revolut Business account or try to chat with customer support while not logged in, we’ll need to verify that it’s really you.
Legal obligations
Substantial public interest (to verify your identity using biometric data)
Consent (where we are required to collect your consent by law)
Providing our services
Whenever you apply for or use a Revolut Business product or service, we’ll use your personal data to:
decide whether or not to approve your application
meet our contractual and legal obligations relating to any Revolut Business products or services you use (for example making payments into and out of your Revolut Business account)
help you understand your, or your company’s, Revolut Business usage and spending behaviour (for example, by providing you with spending insights)
show the geographic location of your business, or the company that holds a Revolut Business account, to Revolut customers
provide you with customer support services. We may record and monitor any communications between you and us, including phone calls, to maintain appropriate records, check your instructions, analyse, assess and improve our services, and for training and quality control purposes
Keeping to contracts and agreements between you and us
Legitimate interests (we need to be efficient about how we meet our obligations and we want to provide you with good products and services)
Legal obligations
Protecting against fraud
We use your personal data to check your identity, protect against fraud, keep to financial crime laws and to confirm that you are eligible to use our services. We also use it to help us better understand your company’s financial circumstances and manage fraud risks related to your Revolut Business account.
We're always working to protect our customers from fraud. To keep our anti-fraud measures effective, we can’t always share all the details about how we prevent fraud. However, we will always give you general information about our efforts to keep you safe.
Legitimate interests (to develop and improve how we deal with financial crime and meet our legal responsibilities)
Substantial public interest (to authenticate your identity using biometric data)
Legal obligations
Consent (where we  are required to collect your consent by law)
Marketing and providing new products and services that might interest you
We use your personal data to do the following:
provide you with information about other products and services we offer that are similar to those you have already used (or asked about, where allowed by law)
if you agree, provide you with information about our partners’ promotions or offers which we think you might be interested in
if you agree, allow our partners and other organisations to provide you with information about their products or services
hold promotions and competitions for our products or services
measure or understand the effectiveness of our marketing and advertising, and provide relevant advertising to you
ask your opinion about our products or services. We might publish your review but will make sure that you cannot be identified.
Remember, you can ask us to stop sending you marketing information (the
How do you use my personal data for marketing?
section below explains how to do this).
Legitimate interests (to send business-to-business marketing, develop our products and services, ensure our marketing is relevant to your interests, and to be efficient about how we meet our legal and contractual duties)
Consent (where we are legally required to get your consent for business-to-business marketing)
To keep our services up and running
We use your personal data to manage our website and the Revolut Business app, (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes), and to make sure that content is presented in the most effective way for you and your device.
We also use your personal data to:
authenticate you as an authorised user of our services when necessary (for example, if you contact our customer support or social media teams)
allow you to take part in interactive features of our services
tell you about changes to our services
contact you to provide customer or account support services
help keep our website and the Revolut Business app safe and secure
Keeping to contracts and agreements between you and us
Legitimate interests (to be efficient about how we meet our obligations and keep to regulations that apply to us and to present content as effectively as possible for you)
Consent (where required by law
Preparing anonymous statistical datasets
We prepare anonymous statistical datasets about our customers’ spending patterns:
for forecasting purposes
to understand how customers use Revolut Business
to comply with governmental requirements and requests
These datasets may be shared internally or externally with others, including non-Revolut companies. We produce these reports using information about you and other customers. The information used and shared in this way is never personal data and you will never be identifiable from it. Anonymous statistical data cannot be linked back to you as an individual.
For example, some countries have laws that require us to report spending statistics and how money enters or leaves each country. We will provide anonymised statistical information that explains the broad categories of merchants that Revolut Business customers in that country spend their money with. We will also provide information about how Revolut Business customers top up their accounts and transfer money. However, we will not provide any customer-level information. It will not be possible to identify any individual Revolut Business customer.
Legitimate interests (to conduct research and analysis, including to produce statistical research and reports)
Legal obligations
Improving our products and services
We use your personal data to:
understand how our customers are using our products and services
help us develop and improve our current products and services. For example, we may include you in a focus group to test and develop new products because we think you will be interested based on how you spend or use other Revolut Business products.
This allows us to continue to provide products and services that our customers want to use.
Legitimate interests (to understand how customers use our products so we can develop new products and improve the products we currently provide)
Meeting our legal obligations, enforcing our rights, protecting our business and other legal uses
We use your personal data:
to share it with other organisations (for example, government authorities, law enforcement authorities, tax authorities, fraud prevention agencies)
to send you service messages about your Revolut Business account (for example, updates to your account’s terms and conditions or tips on how to protect yourself from the latest scams)
if this is necessary to meet our legal or regulatory obligations
to protect ourselves, including our rights, property, personnel or products
to enforce our rights we have under any agreement with you
to help prevent and fight harmful or unlawful behaviour and spam communications
in connection with legal claims
to help detect or prevent crime
You can find out more in the
Do you share my personal data with anyone else?
section below.
Sometimes, we are legally required to ask you to provide information about other people. For example, we might ask you to explain:
your relationship with somebody who pays money into your Revolut Business account
how somebody got the money in the first place to pay it into your Revolut Business account
If you, or your company, give us personal data about other people, it is your responsibility to ensure they understand how we will process their personal data.
Legitimate interests (for example, to protect Revolut during a legal dispute or send you anti-fraud communications)
Legal obligations
Consent (where we are required to collect your consent by law)
Understanding if you need extra support
We use your personal data to help understand if you need extra assistance. You can let us know if you need help by telling us through the Revolut Business app.
Substantial public interest (if we process your sensitive personal data to keep to legal requirements that apply to us or to safeguard the economic well-being of certain individuals)
Consent (where we are required to collect your consent by law. For example, in some countries, we need your permission to record your vulnerability status)
6. Do you make automated decisions about me?
Depending on the Revolut Business products or services you use, we may make automated decisions about you. Some of these decisions are made using artificial intelligence without any initial human input.
We may also use technology to evaluate your personal circumstances and other factors to predict risks or outcomes. This is sometimes known as profiling. We do this for the efficient running of our services and to ensure decisions are fair, consistent and based on the right information.
If we make an automated decision or create a profile about you that significantly affects you, you have the right to request a manual review of that decision by a person. You can also share your perspective and challenge the outcome. For more information, please see the
What are my rights?
section below.
For example, we may make automated decisions about you that relate to:
Opening accounts
KYB, anti-money laundering and sanctions checks
identity and address checks
Detecting fraud
monitoring your account to detect fraud and financial crime
Our legal basis is one or more of the following:
keeping to contracts between you and us
legal obligations
legitimate interests (to develop and improve how we deal with financial crime and meet our legal responsibilities)
consent (where we are required to collect your consent by law)
7. Do you run credit checks on me?
We will share your personal data with credit reference agencies, or other providers of credit information, to:
confirm details you provide when applying for a Revolut Business account or specific Revolut products
make an assessment about whether to accept a Revolut Business or specific Revolut Business product application
The personal data we share with, and receive from, credit reference agencies (or other providers of credit information) will vary depending on the country you live in. We will provide full details during the relevant application process.
Our legal basis is one or more of the following:
consent (where we are required to collect your consent by law)
legal obligations
keeping to contracts and agreements between you and us (where you apply for a Revolut Business account or specific Revolut Business product)
8. How do you use my personal data for marketing?
If you sign up to use Revolut Business, and where national laws allow, we will assume you want to be contacted by post, push notification, email, phone call and SMS text message with information about Revolut products, services, offers and promotions. Where national laws require us to get your consent to send direct marketing communications, we will do so in advance. We may use the personal data we have collected about you in order to tailor our offers to you.
You can tell us you don't want to hear from us at any time. Just click on the unsubscribe links on any marketing message we send you or, if we call you, ask us not to contact you again.
We won’t pass your details on to any organisations outside the Revolut group of companies for their marketing purposes without your permission. You can find out more in the Do you share my personal data with anyone else? section.
Our legal basis is:
consent (where we are required by law to collect your consent)
legitimate interests (to send you marketing and to provide information more relevant to your interests)
9. What are my rights?
If you are an Authorised Cardholder or customer of a company that holds a Revolut Business account, the company, rather than Revolut, is primarily responsible for helping you with your request.
Your right
What it means
You have the right to be told about how we use your personal data
We provide this privacy notice to explain how we use your personal data.
You have the right to ask us for a copy of your personal data
If you ask, we will provide a copy of the personal data we hold about you. We can’t give you any personal data about other people, personal data which is linked to an ongoing criminal or fraud investigation, or personal data which is linked to settlement negotiations with you. We also won't provide you with any communication we've had with our legal advisers.
You can ask us to correct your personal data if you think it's wrong
You can have incomplete or inaccurate personal data corrected. Before we update your file, we may need to check the accuracy of the new personal data you have provided.
You can ask us to delete your personal data
You can ask us to delete your personal data if:
✓ there's no good reason for us to continue using it
✓ you gave us consent (permission) to use your personal data  and you have now withdrawn that consent
✓ you have objected to us using your personal data
✓ we have used your personal data unlawfully
✓ the law requires us to delete your personal data
Just to let you know, we may not be able to agree to your request. As a regulated financial services provider, we must keep certain customer personal data even when you ask us to delete it (we've explained this in more detail below). We may not be able to delete your entire file because these regulatory responsibilities take priority. We will always let you know if we can't delete your personal data.
You can object to us processing your personal data for marketing purposes
You can tell us to stop using your personal data, including profiling, for marketing
You can object to us processing other personal data (if we are using it for legitimate interests)
If our legal basis for using your personal data is 'legitimate interests' and you disagree with us using it, you can object.
However, if there is an overriding reason why we need to use your personal data, we will not accept your request.
If you object to us using personal data which we need to provide our services, we may need to close your Revolut Business account as we won’t be able to provide the services.
You can ask us to restrict how we use your personal data
You can ask us to suspend using your personal data if:
✓ you want us to investigate whether it is accurate
✓ our use of your personal data is unlawful but you do not want us to delete it
✓ we no longer need your personal data, but you want us to continue holding it for you in connection with a legal claim
✓ you have objected to us using your personal data (see above), but we need to check whether we have an overriding reason to use it
You can ask us to transfer personal data to you or another company
If we can, and are allowed to do so under regulatory requirements, we will provide your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format.
You can withdraw your permission
If you have given us any consent we need to use your personal data, you can withdraw your consent at any time by sending an email to
dpo@revolut.com
.
(Please note, it will have been lawful for us to use the personal data up to the point you withdraw your permission).
You can ask us to carry out a human review of an automated decision we make about you
If we make an automated decision about you that significantly affects you, you can ask us to carry out a manual review of this decision.
Your ability to exercise these rights will depend on a number of factors. Sometimes, we won’t be able to agree to your request (for example, if we have a legitimate reason for not doing so or the right does not apply to the particular information we hold about you).
10. How do I exercise my rights?
If you are an Authorised Cardholder or customer of the company that holds the Revolut Business account, please contact that company.
If you are an  Account Owner or Authorised User, you can send us an email at
dpo@revolut.com
.
If you are an Authorised Cardholder who was asked to submit identification documents or ‘selfie’ images or videos for our KYB checks, you can also email us at
dpo@revolut.com
. However, we can only respond to requests:
about the personal data we have for those checks
to opt out from receiving direct marketing communications
For security reasons, we can’t deal with your request if we are not sure of your identity, so we may ask you for proof of your ID.
If a third party exercises one of these rights on your behalf, we may need to ask for proof that a third party has been validly authorised to act on your behalf.
When you exercise one of these rights, it may take us up to one month to implement your changes.
Revolut will usually not charge you a fee when you exercise your rights. However, we are allowed by law to charge a reasonable fee or refuse to act on your request if it is manifestly unfounded or excessive.
If you’re unhappy with how we’ve handled your request you can complain to your
local data protection authority
. In the United Kingdom, this is the Information Commissioner’s Office (
website
). In the EEA, our cross-border data protection authority is the Lithuanian State Data Protection Inspectorate (
website
).
11. Do you share my personal data with anyone else?
Revolut group companies
We share your personal data within the Revolut group of companies to:
provide you with the best service
protect you, other customers and our systems from fraud or harmful behaviour
facilitate you quickly signing up to use other Revolut Business products
improve existing, or develop new, products or services
send you information about Revolut products and services we think you’ll be interested in hearing about
Suppliers
The table below explains which suppliers we normally share your personal data with:
Type of supplier
Why we share your personal data
Suppliers who provide us with IT, artificial intelligence, payment and delivery services
To help us provide our services to you
Our banking and financial services partners and payments networks, including Visa and Mastercard
To help us provide our services to you. This includes banking and lending partners, banking intermediaries and international payment service providers
Identity verification and KYC service providers
To help us verify your identity so we can provide services to you
Card manufacturing, personalisation and delivery companies
To create and deliver your personalised Revolut Business card
Analytics providers and search information providers
To help us improve our website or the Revolut Business app
Customer service providers, survey providers and developers
To help us to provide our services to you
Communications services providers
To help us send you post, emails, push notifications and text messages
Partners who help to provide our services
We may share your personal data with our partners to provide you, or the company that holds the Revolut Business account, with certain requested services. For example, where you choose, we will share personal data with:
acquiring partners who help us to provide you with payment services
deposit taking banks who help us to provide you with savings accounts
We‘ll only share your personal data in this way if you, or the company that holds the Revolut Business account, have asked for the relevant service or it is provided as part of our membership plans.
From time to time, we may work with other partners to offer co-branded services or promotional offers, and we will share some of your personal data with those partners. We will always make sure you understand how we and our partners process your personal data for these purposes.
Credit reference agencies
As set out at the Do you run credit checks on me? section, if you apply for a Revolut Business account or specific product, we may share your personal data with credit reference agencies.
Other third parties
We may share your personal data with other third parties where this is necessary to facilitate you receiving payments to your Revolut Business account.
For legal reasons
We also share your personal data with other financial institutions, financial services companies, government authorities, law enforcement authorities, tax authorities, companies and fraud prevention agencies to check your identity, investigate or protect against suspected fraud, keep to tax laws, anti-money laundering laws, or any other laws, and confirm that you are eligible to use our products and services.
If fraud is detected, you could be refused certain services by Revolut or others.
We may also need to share your personal data with other third party organisations or authorities:
if we have to do so under any law or regulation
if we sell our business
in connection with suspected or actual criminal or fraud investigations
to enforce our rights (and those of our customers or others)
in connection with legal claims
Social media and advertising companies
When we use social media for marketing purposes, information about you, or your company, may be shared with our social media platform partners so they can check if you or your company also hold an account with them. If you do, we may ask the social media provider, to:
help us to understand and measure the effectiveness of our online advertising
use your personal  data to send our adverts to you or your company, because we think that you, or your employer, might be interested in a new Revolut product or service
not send you our adverts, because the marketing relates to a service that you, or your employer, already use
send our adverts to companies that have a similar profile to your company
An example of how we may use social media for marketing purposes is through Facebook’s ‘Custom Audience’ tool.
Read more about these terms
.
We may share your personal data with our advertising partners in the ways described above, but the personal data is hashed before we send it, and the advertising partner we share it with is only allowed to use that hashed personal data in the ways described above.
Our legal basis is:
legitimate interests (to ensure Revolut’s advertising is as effective as possible).
You can contact us at any time by emailing
dpo@revolut.com
, if you don’t want us to share your personal data for advertising purposes.
Remember you can also manage your marketing preferences directly with any social media provider that you have an account with.
Where you ask us to share your personal data
Where you direct us to share your personal data with a third party, we may do so. For example, you may authorise third parties to act on your behalf (such as a lawyer or accountant). We may need to ask for proof that a third party has been validly authorised to act on your behalf.
We will share your personal data with other companies (through the
Revolut Business API
) when you switch this function on through Revolut Connect.
12. Will my personal data go outside of the United Kingdom or Europe?
As we provide an international service, we may need to transfer your personal data outside the United Kingdom or EEA in order for us to provide our services.
We may send your personal data outside of the United Kingdom or EEA to:
keep to global legal and regulatory requirements
provide ongoing support services
fraud prevention agencies, regulators or law enforcement authorities
enable us to provide you with products or services you have requested
If we transfer your personal data to another country that does not offer a standard of data protection equivalent to the United Kingdom or EEA, we will make sure that your personal data is sufficiently protected. For example, we will make sure that a contract with strict data protection safeguards is in place before we transfer your personal data. In some cases, you may be entitled to ask us for a copy of this contract.
If you would like more information, please contact us by sending an email to
dpo@revolut.com
.
13. How do you protect my personal data?
We recognise the importance of protecting and managing your personal data. Any personal data we process will be treated with the utmost care and security. This section sets out some of the security measures we have in place.
We use a variety of organisational and technical measures to:
maintain the confidentiality, availability and integrity of your personal data
make sure your personal data is not improperly used or disclosed
We have detailed information security and data protection policies which our employees are required to follow when they handle your personal data. Our employees receive data protection and information security training. Electronic data and databases are stored on secure computer systems with access controls in place to limit physical, system and information access to only authorised employees.
Revolut has strict policies in place that control how we share your personal data with other companies. Before sharing personal data with any company, we thoroughly:
vet the company in advance
assess the security controls the company has in place to protect your personal data
While we take all reasonable steps to ensure that your personal data will be kept secure from unauthorised access, we cannot guarantee it will be secure during transmission by you to our app, a website or other services we may provide. We use HTTPS (HTTP Secure), where the communication protocol is encrypted through Transport Layer Security for secure communication over networks, for all our app, web and payment-processing services.
You are responsible for keeping your Revolut Business account secure by keeping your passwords, PINs, and one-time passcodes private. Do not share this information with anyone, as it may allow them access to your Revolut Business account and personal data. Remember, Revolut will never ask you for these details through phone calls, emails, or texts.
When you use our public services, which includes our social network accounts and the Revolut Community forum, do not share any personal data that you don't want to be seen, collected or used by other customers, as this personal data will become publicly available.
14. How long will you keep my personal data for?
We will keep your personal data:
for as long as necessary to achieve the original purpose we collected it for
in line with relevant laws
We are required to keep certain personal data for specific time periods by KYB, anti-money laundering, banking and e-money laws. These time periods vary from country to country.
Here is a general guideline for how long we keep your personal data:
if you use Revolut services in the United Kingdom, we’ll keep your personal data for no more than seven years after our business relationship ends
if you use Revolut services in the EEA, we’ll keep your personal data for no more than 10 years after our business relationship ends
Revolut has detailed policies and procedures in place to ensure we comply with these requirements.
We may keep your personal data for a longer time period because of a potential or ongoing court claim or another legal reason.
15. How will you keep me updated about how you use my personal data?
If we change the way we use your personal data, we will update this notice and, if appropriate, let you know by email, through the Revolut Business app or through our website.
16. Do you use cookies?
We use cookies to analyse how you use our website. Please read our
Cookies Policy
for more information about cookies.
We also use pixels or web beacons in the direct marketing emails that we send to you. These pixels track whether our email was delivered and opened, and whether links within the email were clicked. They also allow us to collect information such as your IP address, browser, email client type and other similar details. We use this information to measure the performance of our email campaigns, and for analytics.
Choose your cookies
Cookies help us to enhance your experience, tailor ads to your interests, and improve our website.
Learn more and manage
Accept all
Reject non-essential cookies
Sub-policy 3
https://help.revolut.com/business/help/more/general/what-personal-data-does-revolut-business-process-about-me-as-a-prospect/:
Need a hand?
Just pop your question below to get an answer.
Personal
Business
Topics
Log in to my account
Change my personal information
Change my business information
Close my account
Data and fraud protection
Business
·
Log in, account information, and account closure
·
Data and fraud protection
This notice is provided to you in order to explain what personal data Revolut Business processes about you if you are a prospective customer.
This privacy notice does not apply if you are already an onboarded customer of Revolut Business, or you are a Revolut personal customer. If so, you can find the privacy notice which applies to you
here
.
What personal data do you collect?
We collect and use your personal data in order to provide sales support services. This includes:
your name;
your email address and phone number (that you use for professional purposes);
your employment details such as your employer and your job title; and
records of our discussions (including records of phone calls).
We may collect this personal data directly from you. For example, if you express your interest in our Revolut Business product by filling in the ‘Contact sales’ form on our website, we will use the information you provide to contact you.
We may also collect this personal data from others or from public sources. Where we collect this information from other sources, we have due diligence processes in place to establish whether the information provided to us has been collected and shared fairly and lawfully.
We collect and use your personal data because we have a legitimate interest in collecting and using it and this is reasonable when balanced against your right to privacy.
Do you share my personal data with anyone else?
We promise:
not to sell your personal data;
to only (a) share your personal data with our suppliers (who provide us with IT and communications services) or with other companies in the Revolut Group where there is a legitimate reason to do so (for example, to provide you with better or consistent service), and (b) transfer your personal data internationally in line with data protection laws;
to keep your personal data for only as long as we need it for our sales and sales support purposes, and to delete it promptly once this purpose is no longer applicable; and
not to make any automated decisions about you.
Revolut is committed to helping you exercise the rights you have in relation to your personal data. These are the right to:
be told how we use your personal data (which we fulfil through this notice);
have your personal data amended if you think it’s wrong;
ask us to delete your personal data;
object to us collecting or otherwise using your personal data;
ask us to restrict how we use your personal data; and
ask us to give you your personal data in a structured, commonly used, and machine readable format.
If you would like to exercise one or more of these rights, or you have questions, concerns or complaints in relation to how we use your personal data, please contact the DPO team at
[email protected]
who will be able to help.
If you are unhappy with how we have handled your personal data, you can submit a complaint to your local data protection authority (for example, the Information Commissioner’s Office in the United Kingdom, or the Lithuanian State Data Protection Inspectorate in the European Union).