Last updated: December 09, 2020
This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use, and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.
We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Interpretation and Definitions
Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.
Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:
Account
means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.
Company
(referred to as either “the Company”, “We”, “Us” or “Our” in this Agreement) refers to Graphic Node, Ezero 2-4, Girenai, Sakiai distr. 71148.
For the purpose of the GDPR, the Company is the Data Controller.
Cookies
are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses.
Country
refers to: Lithuania
Data Controller
, for the purposes of the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation), refers to the Company as the legal person which alone or jointly with others determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data.
Device
means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
Personal Data
is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
For the purposes for GDPR, Personal Data means any information relating to You such as a name, an identification number, location data, online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity.
Service
refers to the Website.
Service Provider
means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used. For the purpose of the GDPR, Service Providers are considered Data Processors.
Third-party Social Media Service
refers to any website or any social network website through which a User can log in or create an account to use the Service.
Usage Data
refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Website
refers to Graphic Node, accessible from
https://www.graphicnode.com
You
means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
Under GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation), You can be referred to as the Data Subject or as the User as you are the individual using the Service.
Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
Usage Data
Usage Data
Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.
Usage Data may include information such as Your Device’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit our Service or when You access the Service by or through a mobile device.
Tracking Technologies and Cookies
We use Cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on Our Service and store certain information. Tracking technologies used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze Our Service. The technologies We use may include:
Cookies or Browser Cookies.
A cookie is a small file placed on Your Device. You can instruct Your browser to refuse all Cookies or to indicate when a Cookie is being sent. However, if You do not accept Cookies, You may not be able to use some parts of our Service. Unless you have adjusted Your browser setting so that it will refuse Cookies, our Service may use Cookies.
Flash Cookies.
Certain features of our Service may use local stored objects (or Flash Cookies) to collect and store information about Your preferences or Your activity on our Service. Flash Cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as those used for Browser Cookies. For more information on how You can delete Flash Cookies, please read “Where can I change the settings for disabling, or deleting local shared objects?” available at
https://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html#main_Where_can_I_change_the_settings_for_disabling__or_deleting_local_shared_objects_
Web Beacons.
Certain sections of our Service and our emails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of a certain section and verifying system and server integrity).
Cookies can be “Persistent” or “Session” Cookies. Persistent Cookies remain on Your personal computer or mobile device when You go offline, while Session Cookies are deleted as soon as You close Your web browser. You can learn more about cookies here:
All About Cookies by TermsFeed
.
We use both Session and Persistent Cookies for the purposes set out below:
Necessary / Essential Cookies
Type: Session Cookies
Administered by: Us
Purpose: These Cookies are essential to provide You with services available through the Website and to enable You to use some of its features. They help to authenticate users and prevent fraudulent use of user accounts. Without these Cookies, the services that You have asked for cannot be provided, and We only use these Cookies to provide You with those services.
Cookies Policy / Notice Acceptance Cookies
Type: Persistent Cookies
Administered by: Us
Purpose: These Cookies identify if users have accepted the use of cookies on the Website.
Functionality Cookies
Type: Persistent Cookies
Administered by: Us
Purpose: These Cookies allow us to remember choices You make when You use the Website, such as remembering your login details or language preference. The purpose of these Cookies is to provide You with a more personal experience and to avoid You having to re-enter your preferences every time You use the Website.
Tracking and Performance Cookies
Type: Persistent Cookies
Administered by: Third-Parties
Purpose: These Cookies are used to track information about traffic to the Website and how users use the Website. The information gathered via these Cookies may directly or indirectly identify you as an individual visitor. This is because the information collected is typically linked to a pseudonymous identifier associated with the device you use to access the Website. We may also use these Cookies to test new pages, features or new functionality of the Website to see how our users react to them.
For more information about the cookies we use and your choices regarding cookies, please visit our Cookies Policy or the Cookies section of our Privacy Policy.
Use of Your Personal Data
The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service
, including to monitor the usage of our Service.
To manage Your Account:
to manage Your registration as a user of the Service. The Personal Data You provide can give You access to different functionalities of the Service that are available to You as a registered user.
For the performance of a contract:
the development, compliance and undertaking of the purchase contract for the products, items or services You have purchased or of any other contract with Us through the Service.
To contact You:
To contact You by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application’s push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.
To provide You
with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless You have opted not to receive such information.
To manage Your requests:
To attend and manage Your requests to Us.
For business transfers:
We may use Your information to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal Data held by Us about our Service users is among the assets transferred.
For other purposes
: We may use Your information for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Service, products, services, marketing and your experience.
We may share Your personal information in the following situations:
With Service Providers:
We may share Your personal information with Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service, to contact You.
For business transfers:
We may share or transfer Your personal information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of Company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of Our business to another company.
With Affiliates:
We may share Your information with Our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include Our parent company and any other subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that We control or that are under common control with Us.
With business partners:
We may share Your information with Our business partners to offer You certain products, services or promotions.
With other users:
when You share personal information or otherwise interact in the public areas with other users, such information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside. If You interact with other users or register through a Third-Party Social Media Service, Your contacts on the Third-Party Social Media Service may see Your name, profile, pictures and description of Your activity. Similarly, other users will be able to view descriptions of Your activity, communicate with You and view Your profile.
With Your consent
: We may disclose Your personal information for any other purpose with Your consent.
Retention of Your Personal Data
The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Transfer of Your Personal Data
Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Company’s operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.
The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information.
Disclosure of Your Personal Data
Business Transactions
If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before Your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Law enforcement
Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Other legal requirements
The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
Comply with a legal obligation
Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
Protect against legal liability
Security of Your Personal Data
The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Detailed Information on the Processing of Your Personal Data
The Service Providers We use may have access to Your Personal Data. These third-party vendors collect, store, use, process and transfer information about Your activity on Our Service in accordance with their Privacy Policies.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Firebase
Firebase is an analytics service provided by Google Inc.
You may opt-out of certain Firebase features through your mobile device settings, such as your device advertising settings or by following the instructions provided by Google in their Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
We also encourage you to review the Google’s policy for safeguarding your data:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245
For more information on what type of information Firebase collects, please visit the How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps webpage:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
Email Marketing
We may use Your Personal Data to contact You with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to You. You may opt-out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from Us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email We send or by contacting Us.
We may use Email Marketing Service Providers to manage and send emails to You.
MailerLite
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://www.mailerlite.com/legal/privacy-policy
GDPR Privacy
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data under GDPR
We may process Personal Data under the following conditions:
Consent:
You have given Your consent for processing Personal Data for one or more specific purposes.
Performance of a contract:
Provision of Personal Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with You and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof.
Legal obligations:
Processing Personal Data is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Company is subject.
Vital interests:
Processing Personal Data is necessary in order to protect Your vital interests or of another natural person.
Public interests:
Processing Personal Data is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Company.
Legitimate interests:
Processing Personal Data is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Company.
In any case, the Company will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
Your Rights under the GDPR
The Company undertakes to respect the confidentiality of Your Personal Data and to guarantee You can exercise Your rights.
You have the right under this Privacy Policy, and by law if You are within the EU, to:
Request access to Your Personal Data.
The right to access, update or delete the information We have on You. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of Your Personal Data directly within Your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact Us to assist You. This also enables You to receive a copy of the Personal Data We hold about You.
Request correction of the Personal Data that We hold about You.
You have the right to to have any incomplete or inaccurate information We hold about You corrected.
Object to processing of Your Personal Data.
This right exists where We are relying on a legitimate interest as the legal basis for Our processing and there is something about Your particular situation, which makes You want to object to our processing of Your Personal Data on this ground. You also have the right to object where We are processing Your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes.
Request erasure of Your Personal Data.
You have the right to ask Us to delete or remove Personal Data when there is no good reason for Us to continue processing it.
Request the transfer of Your Personal Data.
We will provide to You, or to a third-party You have chosen, Your Personal Data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Please note that this right only applies to automated information which You initially provided consent for Us to use or where We used the information to perform a contract with You.
Withdraw Your consent.
You have the right to withdraw Your consent on using your Personal Data. If You withdraw Your consent, We may not be able to provide You with access to certain specific functionalities of the Service.
Exercising of Your GDPR Data Protection Rights
You may exercise Your rights of access, rectification, cancellation and opposition by contacting Us. Please note that we may ask You to verify Your identity before responding to such requests. If You make a request, We will try our best to respond to You as soon as possible.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about Our collection and use of Your Personal Data. For more information, if You are in the European Economic Area (EEA), please contact Your local data protection authority in the EEA.
Links to Other Websites
Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “Last updated” date at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:
By email:
[email protected]
By visiting this page on our website:
https://www.graphicnode.com/
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 1
https://www.mailerlite.com/legal/privacy-policy:
By clicking “Accept all cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, personalize advertising, and assist in our marketing efforts.
View our Cookie Policy
.
Cookies settings
Reject all
Accept all cookies
Allow selection
Strictly Necessary Cookies (40)
Show details
(Strictly Necessary Cookies)
These cookies are crucial to a website, they are necessary to provide you with Services available through our website and to use some of its features, such as access to secure areas, login-related cookies, which we use when you are logged in so that we can remember this fact. This prevents you from having to log in every single time you visit a new page. You can refuse or delete these cookies, but in this case, our website page might not function properly.
Name
Provider
Purpose
Maximum Storage Duration
Type
__cf_bm [x5]
MailerLite
Cloudflare
Twitter Inc.
Thinkific
Vimeo
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
1 day
HTTP Cookie
_thinkific_session
MailerLite
Preserves the visitor's session state across page requests.
Session
HTTP Cookie
CookieConsent [x7]
Cookiebot
MailerLite
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
1 year
HTTP Cookie
sso_session
MailerLite
Pending
1 day
HTTP Cookie
XSRF-TOKEN [x3]
MailerLite
Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor.
1 day
HTTP Cookie
PHPSESSID
MailerLite
Preserves user session state across page requests.
Session
HTTP Cookie
persist:hs-beacon-#-#-#-#-#
beacon-v2.helpscout.net
Maintains session states and tracks user interactions within the HubSpot Beacon tool, collecting data to analyze website performance and improve user engagement.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
persist:hs-beacon-message-#-#-#-#-#
beacon-v2.helpscout.net
Pending
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
mailerlite_session [x2]
MailerLite
Session cookie set by MailerLite
7 days
HTTP Cookie
theme
MailerLite
This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
__jid
c.disquscdn.com
Used to add comments to the website and remember the user's Disqus login credentials across websites that use said service.
Session
HTTP Cookie
disqusauth
c.disquscdn.com
Registers whether the user is logged in. This allows the website owner to make parts of the website inaccessible, based on the user's log-in status.
Session
HTTP Cookie
test_cookie
Google
Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies.
1 day
HTTP Cookie
_GRECAPTCHA
Google
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
180 days
HTTP Cookie
ar_debug [x2]
Google
Adroll Group
Checks whether a technical debugger-cookie is present.
3 months
HTTP Cookie
_grecaptcha
Google
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
rc::a
Google
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
rc::b
Google
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
Session
HTML Local Storage
rc::c
Google
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
Session
HTML Local Storage
rc::f
Google
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
1.gif
Cookiebot
Used to count the number of sessions to the website, necessary for optimizing CMP product delivery.
Session
Pixel Tracker
bcookie
LinkedIn
Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security.
1 year
HTTP Cookie
li_gc
LinkedIn
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
180 days
HTTP Cookie
dmn_chk_#
eu.posthog.com
Pending
Session
HTTP Cookie
_cfuvid
Vimeo
This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators.
Session
HTTP Cookie
hex (32)
MailerLite
Used to manage server calls to the website's backend systems.
10 years
HTTP Cookie
Functional Cookies (13)
Show details
(Functional Cookies)
These cookies are used to improve the performance and functionality of our websites, allow to remember the choices you make, to provide enhanced and more personal features. Functional cookies will not track your activity on other websites. These cookies are not strictly necessary, however, without them, certain services may be unavailable.
Name
Provider
Purpose
Maximum Storage Duration
Type
adroll#adroll [x5]
MailerLite
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
Persistent
IndexedDB
locale [x2]
MailerLite
The cookie determines the preferred language and country-setting of the visitor - This allows the website to show content most relevant to that region and language.
10 days
HTTP Cookie
aet-dismiss
c.disquscdn.com
Necessary for the functionality of the website's comment-system.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
drafts.queue
c.disquscdn.com
Necessary for the functionality of the website's comment-system.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
submitted_posts_cache
c.disquscdn.com
Necessary for the functionality of the website's comment-system.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
i18n_default_en_en-translation
Thinkific
Manages language or localization preferences for users, ensuring that content is displayed in the default English translation according to the user's language or local settings.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
lidc
LinkedIn
Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience.
1 day
HTTP Cookie
selectedLanguage
MailerLite
Pending
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
Performance Cookies (22)
Show details
(Performance Cookies)
These cookies help improve the way a website and Service work. They may measure usage of our website, track things, such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit. For example, performance cookies may show the most frequently visited pages, help to record any difficulties with a website and show whether advertising on a website is effective or not. Performance cookies do not collect Personal Data and all the information that is collected by these cookies is aggregated and anonymous.
Name
Provider
Purpose
Maximum Storage Duration
Type
__mp_opt_in_out_# [x2]
cdn.mxpnl.com
Thinkific
Tracks user preferences regarding opting in or out of tracking by Matomo analytics, while also collecting anonymized data on user interactions and behavior for website analysis and optimization purposes.
Session
HTTP Cookie
_ga [x2]
Google
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
2 years
HTTP Cookie
_gat [x2]
Google
Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate
1 day
HTTP Cookie
_gid [x2]
Google
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
1 day
HTTP Cookie
bounce
Appnexus
Determines if a user leaves the website straight away. This information is used for internal statistics and analytics by the website operator.
Session
Pixel Tracker
gbFeaturesCache
cdn.jsdelivr.net
This cookie is used by the website’s operator in context with multi-variate testing. This is a tool used to combine or change content on the website. This allows the website to find the best variation/edition of the site.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
NRBA_SESSION
Thinkific
Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
disqus_unique
c.disquscdn.com
Collects statistics related to the user's visits to the website, such as number of visits, average time spent on the website and loaded pages.
Session
HTTP Cookie
sentryReplaySession
embed-cdn.spotifycdn.com
Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization.
Session
HTML Local Storage
hjActiveViewportIds
Hotjar
This cookie contains an ID string on the current session. This contains non-personal information on what subpages the visitor enters – this information is used to optimize the visitor's experience.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
hjViewportId
Hotjar
Saves the user's screen size in order to adjust the size of images on the website.
Session
HTML Local Storage
_hjSession_#
Hotjar
Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read.
1 day
HTTP Cookie
_hjSessionUser_#
Hotjar
Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read.
1 year
HTTP Cookie
_hjTLDTest
Hotjar
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
Session
HTTP Cookie
FPAU
MailerLite
Assigns a specific ID to the visitor. This allows the website to determine the number of specific user-visits for analysis and statistics.
3 months
HTTP Cookie
PugT
PubMatic
Used to determine the number of times the cookies have been updated in the visitor's browser. Used to optimize the website's server efficiency.
30 days
HTTP Cookie
personalization_id
Twitter Inc.
This cookie is set by Twitter - The cookie allows the visitor to share content from the website onto their Twitter profile.
400 days
HTTP Cookie
ml-traffic-source-#
MailerLite
Pending
6 months
HTTP Cookie
Targeting Cookies (104)
Show details
(Targeting Cookies)
These cookies are used to deliver adverts which are more relevant to you and your interests while also limiting the number of times you see the same advert on a website. These cookies record your visit to the website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We may also share this information with third-parties for this purpose. Several partners advertise on our behalf and affiliate-tracking cookies simply allow us to see if our Customers have come to the website through one of our partner sites so that we can credit them appropriately, and where applicable, allow our affiliate partners to provide any bonus that they may provide you for making a purchase.
Name
Provider
Purpose
Maximum Storage Duration
Type
xuid
Triplelift
Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers.
Session
Pixel Tracker
__adroll_consent_params [x5]
Adroll Group
Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website.
Session
HTTP Cookie
__ar_v4 [x5]
Adroll Group
Optimises ad display based on the user's movement combined and various advertiser bids for displaying user ads.
1 year
HTTP Cookie
_rdt_uuid [x6]
Reddit
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
Session
HTTP Cookie
_te_ [x5]
Adroll Group
Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads.
Session
HTTP Cookie
mp_#_mixpanel [x2]
cdn.mxpnl.com
Pending
1 year
HTTP Cookie
anj
Appnexus
Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads.
3 months
HTTP Cookie
receive-cookie-deprecation [x3]
Appnexus
Adroll Group
Adroll
Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website.
400 days
HTTP Cookie
uuid2
Appnexus
Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads.
3 months
HTTP Cookie
XANDR_PANID
Appnexus
This cookie registers data on the visitor. The information is used to optimize advertisement relevance.
3 months
HTTP Cookie
__adroll_shared
Adroll Group
Collects data on the user across websites - This data is used to make advertisement more relevant.
13 months
HTTP Cookie
rp.gif
Reddit
Necessary for the implementation of the Reddit.com's share-button function.
Session
Pixel Tracker
ml_guid [x2]
MailerLite
Registers user behaviour and navigation on the website, and any interaction with active campaigns. This is used for optimizing advertisement and for efficient retargeting.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
c
Bidswitch
Regulates synchronisation of user identification and exchange of user data between various ad services.
1 year
HTTP Cookie
sync
Bidswitch
Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant.
Session
Pixel Tracker
tuuid
Bidswitch
Registers whether or not the user has consented to the use of cookies.
1 year
HTTP Cookie
tuuid_lu
Bidswitch
Contains a unique visitor ID, which allows Bidswitch.com to track the visitor across multiple websites. This allows Bidswitch to optimize advertisement relevance and ensure that the visitor does not see the same ads multiple times.
1 year
HTTP Cookie
ul_cb/sync
Bidswitch
Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website.
Session
Pixel Tracker
_uetsid
Microsoft
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
_uetsid_exp
Microsoft
Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
_uetvid
Microsoft
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
_uetvid_exp
Microsoft
Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
MSPTC
Microsoft
This cookie registers data on the visitor. The information is used to optimize advertisement relevance.
1 year
HTTP Cookie
MUID
Microsoft
Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains.
1 year
HTTP Cookie
badges-message
c.disquscdn.com
Collects data on the visitor’s use of the comment system on the website, and what blogs/articles the visitor has read. This can be used for marketing purposes.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
CMID
Casale Media
Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads.
1 year
HTTP Cookie
CMPRO
Casale Media
Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement.
3 months
HTTP Cookie
CMPS
Casale Media
Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads.
3 months
HTTP Cookie
rum
Casale Media
Collects data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads.
Session
Pixel Tracker
__mpq_#_#
cdn.mxpnl.com
Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
images/pixel.gif
viglink
Enables the visitor to share content from the website onto social media platforms or websites.
Session
Pixel Tracker
fbssls_#
Meta Platforms, Inc.
Collects data on the visitor’s use of the comment system on the website, and what blogs/articles the visitor has read. This can be used for marketing purposes.
Session
HTML Local Storage
lastExternalReferrer
Meta Platforms, Inc.
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
lastExternalReferrerTime
Meta Platforms, Inc.
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
__adroll
Adroll
Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads.
13 months
HTTP Cookie
segment/#/#
Adroll
Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website.
Session
Pixel Tracker
IDE
Google
Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user.
400 days
HTTP Cookie
NID
Google
Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads.
6 months
HTTP Cookie
pagead/1p-conversion/#/
Google
Pending
Session
Pixel Tracker
pagead/1p-user-list/#
Google
Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites.
Session
Pixel Tracker
__adroll_fpc
Adroll Group
Used to identify the visitor across visits and devices. This allows the website to present the visitor with relevant advertisement - The service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers.
1 year
HTTP Cookie
_fbp [x2]
Meta Platforms, Inc.
server-side-tagging-europe-west4-dbmaajtc3q-ez.a.run.app
Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
3 months
HTTP Cookie
_ga_#
Google
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
2 years
HTTP Cookie
_gcl_au
Google
Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services.
3 months
HTTP Cookie
_uetsid
Microsoft
Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement.
1 day
HTTP Cookie
_uetvid
Microsoft
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
1 year
HTTP Cookie
w/1.0/sd
Openx
Registers data on visitors such as IP addresses, geographical location and advertisement interaction. This information is used optimize the advertisement on websites that make use of OpenX.net services.
Session
Pixel Tracker
AdServer/Pug
PubMatic
Sets a timestamp for when the visitor entered the website. This is used for analytical purposes on the website.
Session
Pixel Tracker
KRTBCOOKIE_#
PubMatic
Registers a unique ID that identifies the user's device during return visits across websites that use the same ad network. The ID is used to allow targeted ads.
3 months
HTTP Cookie
_/ad/75aa344edeef4dbfa3b3dd7cb5f40e6f/pixel
Quora
Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant.
Session
Pixel Tracker
adroll_flgs
Adroll Group
Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers.
Session
HTML Local Storage
sp_landing
Spotify
Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes.
1 day
HTTP Cookie
sp_t
Spotify
Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes.
1 year
HTTP Cookie
1/i/adsct [x2]
Twitter Inc.
Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant.
Session
Pixel Tracker
muc_ads
Twitter Inc.
Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant.
400 days
HTTP Cookie
idsync/ex/receive/check
Tapad
This cookie is set by the audience manager of the website to determine the time and frequencies of visitor data synchronization - cookie data synchronization is used to synchronize and gather visitor data from several websites.
Session
Pixel Tracker
TapAd_3WAY_SYNCS
Tapad
Used for data-synchronization with advertisement networks.
2 months
HTTP Cookie
TapAd_DID
Tapad
Used to determine what type of devices (smartphones, tablets, computers, TVs etc.) is used by a user.
2 months
HTTP Cookie
TapAd_TS
Tapad
Used to determine what type of devices (smartphones, tablets, computers, TVs etc.) is used by a user.
2 months
HTTP Cookie
guest_id
Twitter Inc.
Collects data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and which pages have been loaded, with the purpose of personalising and improving the Twitter service.
400 days
HTTP Cookie
guest_id_ads
Twitter Inc.
Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website.
400 days
HTTP Cookie
guest_id_marketing
Twitter Inc.
Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website.
400 days
HTTP Cookie
#-#
YouTube
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
Session
HTML Local Storage
iU5q-!O9@$
YouTube
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
Session
HTML Local Storage
LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY
YouTube
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
Session
HTTP Cookie
nextId
YouTube
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
Session
HTTP Cookie
requests
YouTube
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
Session
HTTP Cookie
TESTCOOKIESENABLED
YouTube
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
1 day
HTTP Cookie
yt.innertube::nextId
YouTube
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY
YouTube
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
YtIdbMeta#databases
YouTube
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
Persistent
IndexedDB
yt-remote-cast-available
YouTube
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video.
Session
HTML Local Storage
yt-remote-cast-installed
YouTube
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video.
Session
HTML Local Storage
yt-remote-connected-devices
YouTube
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
yt-remote-device-id
YouTube
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video.
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
yt-remote-fast-check-period
YouTube
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
Session
HTML Local Storage
yt-remote-session-app
YouTube
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video.
Session
HTML Local Storage
yt-remote-session-name
YouTube
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video.
Session
HTML Local Storage
__Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN
YouTube
Pending
180 days
HTTP Cookie
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
YouTube
Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos.
180 days
HTTP Cookie
YSC
YouTube
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
Session
HTTP Cookie
Unclassified Cookies (25)
Show details
(Unclassified Cookies)
These cookies are a type of cookie for which the purpose or category is not yet determined.
Name
Provider
Purpose
Maximum Storage Duration
Type
gbuuid [x5]
cdn.jsdelivr.net
Pending
400 days
HTTP Cookie
lp_custom [x5]
MailerLite
Pending
Session
HTML Local Storage
ph_#_posthog [x3]
eu.posthog.com
MailerLite
Pending
Session
HTTP Cookie
ph_#_primary_window_exists [x2]
MailerLite
eu.posthog.com
Pending
Session
HTML Local Storage
ph_#_window_id [x2]
MailerLite
eu.posthog.com
Pending
Session
HTML Local Storage
persist:hs-beacon-session-#-#-#-#-#
beacon-v2.helpscout.net
Pending
Session
HTML Local Storage
disqus.thread
c.disquscdn.com
Pending
Persistent
HTML Local Storage
lp_custom
MailerLite
Pending
2 years
HTTP Cookie
partnero_session_uuid
app.partnero.com
Pending
10 years
HTTP Cookie
adroll_dqs
Adroll Group
Pending
Session
HTML Local Storage
_gtmeec
server-side-tagging-europe-west4-dbmaajtc3q-ez.a.run.app
Pending
Session
HTTP Cookie
_test
server-side-tagging-europe-west4-dbmaajtc3q-ez.a.run.app
Pending
Session
HTTP Cookie
mailerlite:forms:shown:#
MailerLite
Pending
30 days
HTTP Cookie
Allow selection
Cookie declaration last updated on 2/23/25 by
Cookiebot
Features
Send emails
Email marketing
Grow your audience and build stronger relationships.
Automation
Send perfectly-timed and targeted emails automatically.
Newsletter editors
Design emails yourself with an ai-powered drag & drop editor.
Email notifications
Send timely emails triggered by activity on your website or app.
Build websites
Website builder
Build stunning websites on your own and let your business shine.
Create a blog
Drive traffic and engage visitors with an easy-to-build blog.
Collect leads
Landing pages
Create pages to collect leads, sell products and more.
Signup forms
Invite people from across the web to become subscribers.
iPad Subscribe App
Collect subscribers at your event or store - even offline!
Email verifier
Clean and optimize email lists to improve deliverability.
Sell products
Digital products
Sell e-books, downloads and more to grow your income.
E-commerce
Integrate your e-store with email marketing to boost sales.
Paid newsletter subscriptions
Easily set up recurring payments to offer paid subscriptions.
Pricing
Gallery
Examples
Newsletters
See designs for various occasions and industries.
Landing pages
Get inspired by examples made by customers like you.
Automations
Automation examples
Check out these email automation ideas to inspire your own.
Automation templates
Build professional email workflows quickly using pre-built templates.
Templates
Use these expertly-designed templates to quickly build effective newsletters, web pages and forms.
Newsletters
Websites
Landing pages
Pop-ups
Why Lite
Use cases
Tell us what kind of business you have and we'll tell you how best to use MailerLite.
E-commerce
Small business
Creators
Agencies
Enterprise
Authors
Case studies
Get inspired by email marketing case studies
See how MailerLiters are growing their business with email.
View all Case studies
Why Lite
Lite is our philosophy
Making the complex simple is what we do best.
Learn more about going Lite
Resources
Knowledge base
Get quick answers to the most common MailerLite questions.
Video tutorials
Learn at your own pace with short and sweet instructional videos.
Hire an expert
Find approved consultants to help your business grow.
Blog
Read stories and how-to articles to level up your strategies.
Best practices by industry
Discover the best email marketing practices for your industry.
Email marketing guide
Explore the email essentials for a successful campaign.
Case studies
See how others are using MailerLite to grow.
Live learning sessions
Boost your email skills with live webinars, workshops and Q&As.
Curious about email marketing?
You’re in good hands.
Join free online courses and get certified in our Academy.
View all Academy courses
Check out our newest how-to guides:
Migrating from Classic to the new MailerLite
|
Authenticating your domain to maintain deliverability
en
English
Español
Polski
Log in
Sign up
en
English
Español
Polski
Features
Send emails
Email marketing
Grow your audience and build stronger relationships.
Automation
Send perfectly-timed and targeted emails automatically.
Newsletter editors
Design emails yourself with an ai-powered drag & drop editor.
Email notifications
Send timely emails triggered by activity on your website or app.
Build websites
Website builder
Build stunning websites on your own and let your business shine.
Create a blog
Drive traffic and engage visitors with an easy-to-build blog.
Collect leads
Landing pages
Create pages to collect leads, sell products and more.
Signup forms
Invite people from across the web to become subscribers.
iPad Subscribe App
Collect subscribers at your event or store - even offline!
Email verifier
Clean and optimize email lists to improve deliverability.
Sell products
Digital products
Sell e-books, downloads and more to grow your income.
E-commerce
Integrate your e-store with email marketing to boost sales.
Paid newsletter subscriptions
Easily set up recurring payments to offer paid subscriptions.
Pricing
Gallery
Examples
Newsletters
See designs for various occasions and industries.
Landing pages
Get inspired by examples made by customers like you.
Automations
Automation examples
Check out these email automation ideas to inspire your own.}
Automation templates
Build professional email workflows quickly using pre-built templates.
Templates
Use these expertly-designed templates to quickly build effective newsletters, web pages and forms.
Newsletters
Websites
Landing pages
Pop-ups
Why Lite
Use cases
Tell us what kind of business you have and we'll tell you how best to use MailerLite.
E-commerce
Small business
Creators
Agencies
Enterprise
Authors
Case studies
Get inspired by email marketing case studies
See how MailerLiters are growing their business with email.
Why Lite
Lite is our philosophy
Making the complex simple is what we do best.
Resources
Knowledge base
Get quick answers to the most common MailerLite questions.
Video tutorials
Learn at your own pace with short and sweet instructional videos.
Hire an expert
Find approved consultants to help your business grow.
Blog
Read stories and how-to articles to level up your strategies.
Best practices by industry
Discover the best email marketing practices for your industry.
Email marketing guide
Explore the email essentials for a successful campaign.
Case studies
See how others are using MailerLite to grow.
Live learning sessions
Boost your email skills with live webinars, workshops and Q&As.
MailerLite Academy
Join free online courses and get certified in our Academy.
Check out our newest how-to guides:
Migrating from Classic to the new MailerLite
Authenticating your domain to maintain deliverability
Log in
Sign up
Pop-ups reimagined
For marketers who want leads, not bounce rates. Check out our new builder
→
Dismiss
Close
No results were found...
Privacy Policy
At MailerLite, protecting your privacy and the privacy of anyone receiving your email is very important to us. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to make MailerLite safe and appropriate for everyone. Our Privacy Policy applies to your use of MailerLite’s Services and describes the kind of information we process, how it is processed and why.
As used in these Terms, "MailerLite" means:
(a) MailerLite Limited, an Irish registered company at 88 Harcourt Street, Dublin 2, D02 DK18, Ireland, if the Customer's billing address on the applicable Order Form is located in the EEA, UK or Switzerland; or
(b) MailerLite, Inc., a Delaware corporation at 548 Market St, PMB 98174, San Francisco, CA 94104-5401, United States, if the Customer's billing address on the applicable Order Form is located anywhere else in the world.
MailerLite provides email marketing and automation software as a service. We process Personal Data as a Processor on behalf of the Customer.
1. Definitions
1.1. "Controller" means an entity that determines the purposes and means of the Processing of Personal Data.
1.2. "Customer" means a person or entity that is registered with MailerLite to use the Services.
1.3. "Data Protection Laws" means all data protection and privacy laws and regulations of the EU, EEA, and their member states, Switzerland and the United Kingdom, applicable to the Processing of Personal Data.
1.4. "GDPR" means (a) the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the Processing of Personal Data and on the free movement of such data and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation), and (b) the United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulation.
1.5. "Personal Data" means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
1.6. "Processing" means any operation or set of operations which is performed upon Personal Data, whether or not by automatic means, such as collection, recording, organization, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, blocking, erasure or destruction. "Process", "Processes" and "Processed" shall be interpreted accordingly.
1.7. "Processor" means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency, or any other body which Processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller.
1.8. "Services" means any product or service provided by MailerLite pursuant to MailerLite’s
Terms of Use
("TOU").
1.9. “Subscriber” means a person Customer contacts through our Services.
1.10. “We”, “us”, and “our” refer to the MailerLite.
1.11. "You," "your," and "yours" refer to the user.
2. Data Processing
2.1. Consent: by accessing our Services, you accept our Privacy Policy and TOU, and you consent to our collection, storage, use, and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. Each time you visit our website or use the mobile app or the Service, and any time you voluntarily provide us with information, you agree that you are consenting to our collection, use, and disclosure of the information that you provide, and you are consenting to receive emails or otherwise be contacted, as described in this Privacy Policy. Whether or not you register or create an account with us, this Privacy Policy applies to all users of the website, mobile app, and Services.
2.2. Performance of a contract: by utilizing our Services or accessing our platform, you expressly acknowledge our Processing of your Personal Data in compliance with applicable Data Protection Laws. The Processing of your Personal Data is grounded on the legal basis of contract performance between you and MailerLite. We collect and process your Personal Data to deliver the requested Services, meet our contractual obligations, and ensure the seamless functioning of our platform. Specifically, this includes providing you with access to the website, mobile app, and Services.
2.3. If you voluntarily provide Personal Data to MailerLite where such data is not specifically requested (e.g., entering Personal Data into fields not designated for that purpose), provision of the Personal Data will be deemed accidental. In these instances, MailerLite will not process the data in accordance with the terms of the GDPR and/or this Privacy Policy.
3. What information we Process
MailerLite collects both “Personal Data” and “Non-Personal Data” about you and will Process this data for the duration of the Services, as described in the TOU:
3.1. Personal Data:
Customers' information: identification and contact data (name, contact details, username); billing information (billing and mailing addresses, payment information); organization information (name, address, geographic location, area of responsibility, VAT code), IP addresses, browsing activity, web server logs.
Subscribers' information: email address and any other additional information that Customer provides to MailerLite.
3.1.1. At any time, you may log in and change this information, or remove it. You may decline to provide Personal Data to the Services, however, some of the Personal Data we ask you to provide, for example, the email address is mandatory for a Service. If you decline to provide it, we may not be able to provide that service to you.
3.2. Non-Personal Data:
The browser and device information: location, device type, model, number, type of browser or operating system, the time and date of access, screen resolution, plug-ins, add-ons and the version of the Services you are using, and other information that does not personally identify you.
Information from your use of the Services and information from other sources: we may receive information about how and when you use the Services, or other types of files associated with your account, and link it to other information we collect about you. Also, we may obtain information about you or your Subscribers from third-party sources, such as public databases, social media platforms, third-party data providers, and our joint marketing partners. This information may include, for example, time, date, browser used, demographic information, device information (such as device type, model, number, type of browser or operating system), location, and online behavioral data (such as information about your use of social media websites, page view information and search results and links), actions you have taken, anonymous usage data, referring/exit pages and URLs, preferences you submit and preferences that are generated based on the data you submit and the number of clicks.
3.3. Please note, MailerLite does not process or store your credit card information. Once you make a payment for MailerLite Classic, your credit card information is transferred to our third-party payment processor Braintree (please find their Privacy Statement
here
), or PayPal (please find their Privacy Statement
here
) and when using the New MailerLite, your credit card information is transferred to Stripe (please find their Privacy Policy
here
).
3.4. If, being a Shopify user, you install MailerLite Shopify app through Shopify App Store, Shopify will bill you for our Services. More information about Personal Data collected by Shopify can be found in Shopify’s Privacy Policy
here
.
3.5. Please be informed that for communication via email and live chat, MailerLite uses third-party customer support platforms. When communication goes through our
Contact Us
form or email, your information is transferred to HelpScout. When communication is through live chat, your information is transferred to Intercom. Some messages sent through the live chat feature are answered by Intercom’s AI-powered chatbot. No Personal Data belonging to your Subscribers is transferred to Intercom, except if you choose to upload it to the live chat.
If you reach out to us when using the New MailerLite, regardless of the method, your information will be transferred to HelpScout. You may find HelpScout’s privacy policy
here
and Intercom’s
here
.
3.6. MailerLite utilizes OpenAI’s GPT technology to provide features such as an AI-powered writing assistant and AI-powered subject line generator. By using these features, you agree that the data you choose to input into these features, which may contain personal information, is sent to OpenAI's API for processing. MailerLite is not responsible for the data handling practices or policies of OpenAI or any third-party services used by OpenAI, however, MailerLite utilizes OpenAI's Enterprise plan which ensures that transferred data will not be further used to train OpenAI’s models. You can find more information in OpenAI's
Business Terms
,
Privacy Policy
, and
API Data Usage Policy
.
3.7. MailerLite uses OpenAI’s technology to automate the customer confirmation process by submitting Customers’ campaign content to OpenAI’s technology. No Personal Data of Customers’ Subscribers is transferred to OpenAI for this purpose, except if you choose to use it in your marketing campaigns. MailerLite utilizes OpenAI's Enterprise plan, which ensures that transferred data will not be further used to train OpenAI’s models. You can find more information in OpenAI's
Business Terms
,
Privacy Policy
, and
API Data Usage Policy
.
3.8. MailerLite uses Oracle NetSuite as its accounting platform. When you interact with our Services, your billing, transaction, and organization information will be processed and stored within Oracle NetSuite. You can find Oracle NetSuite’s Privacy Policy
here
.
3.9. MailerLite has integrated Entri for domain authentication purposes. If you choose to authenticate your domains through MailerLite, your domain name will be shared with Entri to ensure the proper deliverability of your campaigns. For more details, you can review Entri’s Privacy Policy
here
.
4. Purposes of Processing
4.1. MailerLite uses collected information for the operation of the Services, to maintain the quality of the Service, to provide general statistics regarding use of the Service, to promote and analyze the Services, to provide customer support and send information about the Services, to protect the rights and safety of Customers, Subscribers, third-parties and our own, to send customized informational or promotional content and provide suggestions according to marketing preferences, to ensure observance of our TOU and meet the legal requirements, to verify identity and provided information, manage payments, to understand demographics, Customer interests and needs, and other trends among users, and for other business purposes.
4.2. We may combine Personal Data with other information we Process to customize informational content and enhance our ability to provide Services according to marketing preferences, restrictions or for advertising, targeting purposes, personalization of ads, or to develop and provide you with more relevant products and features in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
5. How we collect your information
5.1. Data provided by our Customers: Customers may import into the Services Personal Data they have collected from their Subscribers or other individuals. We have no direct relationship with Customers’ Subscribers or any individuals other than our Customers. Our Processing of Personal Data is based on the data subject freely given consent and Customers are responsible for making sure they have the necessary permissions for us to Process Personal Data about Subscribers or other individuals.
5.2. Tracking technologies: in connection with the performance of the Services, MailerLite uses:
Cookies: cookies are tiny files of data that a website transfers to your computer's hard disk for record-keeping purposes. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies, but you can change this in your browser settings. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use all of MailerLite’s functionality. We use cookies to improve your Mailerlite experience and by collecting this data, we can store information so that you don’t have to re-enter it every time you visit MailerLite. We also use it to monitor visitor metrics to MailerLite such as page views, time on site, number of visitors, etc.
Web beacons: we include single-pixel gifs (web beacons) in emails we send, which allow us to collect information about when you open the email and your IP address, your browser or email client type, and other similar details. We use the data from those web beacons to create reports about how your email campaign performed and what actions your Subscribers took, to capture the time spent on the Services, pages visited and email campaign performance.
Unique identifiers and similar tracking technologies: we may use other tracking technologies to administer the Services, track your movements around the Services, analyze trends, track behavior, serve targeted advertisements and gather demographic information, to measure the performance of our email campaigns and to improve our features for specific segments of Customers.
5.3. Log Data monitoring: we may collect log data whenever you access our tool. This data could include things like an IP address, browser type, and version, the pages you visit on MailerLite, and other user statistics. When you access MailerLite with a mobile device, log data may include the type of device, your mobile unique ID, the IP address of your device, mobile operating system, and other mobile statistics.
5.4. Third-party services: we may use third-party services, such as Google Analytics and Facebook, that collect and analyze log data to help us improve MailerLite, and occasionally to use for targeted online advertising. Our third-party partners may use cookies or other tracking technologies to provide you advertising on other sites based on your browsing activities and interests. You can find more information about these practices, including how to opt out of receiving targeted advertising here: http://www.aboutads.info/choices/.
5.5. Based on the requirements of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, MailerLite declares that it does not correspond to Do Not Track browser signals.
6. Transferring to third-party companies
6.1. We will never sell, rent, or lease your Personal Data to a third party, but we may share collected information for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy with third parties, including group companies, that help MailerLite provide, improve, promote or support Services, that help with our business operations and assist in the delivery of our Services, or who perform services for us, in order to prevent damage to our property or for safety reasons, for example, payment processors, hosting services, analytics, content delivery services, advertising partners, etc., in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. We may also share information with third parties if required to do so by law or if you violate our TOU.
6.2. We may disclose Non-Personal Data for any purpose because this information cannot be used to identify you or another person.
7. Email communications & opting out
7.1. From time to time you may receive emails related to your use of MailerLite. Based on the Personal Data that you provide us, we may communicate with you in response to your inquiries to provide the Services you request and to manage your account. If we have your consent, we may also use your Personal Data to send you updates and other promotional communications. Every email will contain a link to be able to opt-out of receiving it. We may still send important messages regarding administrative matters, updates, disputes, and customer service issues that are required to provide the Services.
7.2. If a Subscriber no longer wants to be contacted by one of our Customers, he can unsubscribe directly from that Customers’ newsletter or contact the Customer directly to update or delete the data. If a Subscriber contacts us, we will refer him to that Customer. We will retain personal information we Process on behalf of our Customers only for as long as needed to provide our Services or to comply with our obligations.
8. Safety of your information
8.1. MailerLite takes reasonable precautions, technical and organizational security measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk, follows industry best practices in order to protect your Personal Data from any unauthorized or unlawful breach of security that leads to the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of or access to Personal Data and to preserve the security and confidentiality of the data. However, these measures do not guarantee that your information will not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed by breach of such precautions. By using our Service, you acknowledge that you understand and agree to assume these risks.
8.2. The customer is responsible for reviewing the information made available by MailerLite relating to its data security and making an independent determination as to whether the Services meet Customer’s requirements and legal obligations under Data Protection Laws. Also, Customer is responsible for its secure use of the Services, including securing its account authentication credentials, protecting the security of Personal Data when in transit to and from the Services and taking any appropriate steps to securely encrypt or backup any Personal Data uploaded to the Services.
9. Protecting Subscriber’s lists and data
9.1. We reserve the right to monitor your lists, content and response data from time to time to make sure they comply with our TOU, we will never share, sell or rent your customer data to anyone for any reason.
9.2. Our data storage center is in the European Union and has information storage security certificate (ISO 27001) so you can rest assured that your Subscribers data is safe with us.
10. Customers’ rights
10.1. You have the following rights regarding your Personal Data:
Right to Access
. You have the right to request disclosure of the specific pieces of your Personal Data we have collected about you in a portable and, where technically feasible, readily usable format.
Right to Know.
You have the right to verify if we have collected Personal Data about you and to know the details of it.
Right to Deletion.
You may request the deletion of your Personal Data in accordance with Clause 11 of this Privacy Policy.
Right to Opt-Out.
You have the right to opt-out of sharing your Personal Data for cross-context behavioral advertising to third parties. You can exercise this right by visiting our Cookie Settings and disabling functional, performance, and targeting cookies.
Right to object to the processing of your Personal Data.
You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data, including profiling.
Right to correct your Personal Data.
You have the right to update inaccurate information that we process about you by amending it in your MailerLite account.
Right to exercise rights without discrimination.
You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment if you exercise the rights conferred to you by applicable privacy law.
10.2. Please be aware that these rights may be limited by applicable laws and depend on technical feasibility.
10.3. If you are not able to exercise these rights through your MailerLite’s account, please contact us using the
contact form
. We may require additional information or identifying documents from you to verify your identity and process your request.
10.4. If you are a resident of California and you want to implement your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act, please refer to Clause 15 of this Privacy Policy.
11. Data retention
11.1.  Unless you specifically request that we delete your Personal Data by contacting us, deleting your account, or using the ‘Forget Me’ feature, we will keep your data for as long as we need to meet our Terms, provide you Services, and maintain the effective operation of our business.
11.2. If you ask us to delete your Personal Data by contacting us or deleting your account, your data will be deleted within 30 days, with the exception of specific information we are required to retain as per Clause 11.4 of this Policy.
11.3. If you request deletion through MailerLite’s "Forget Me" feature, your user data will be fully anonymized within 60 days of your request. If your account does not have any other users, the whole account will be fully anonymized, with the exception of specific information we are required to retain as per Clause 11.4 of this Policy.
11.4. We may still be obliged to retain certain Personal Data after you request deletion or if you delete your account to (i) comply with applicable laws or regulations (like maintaining transaction records or keeping information for accounting purposes), (ii) deal with legal issues or defend ourselves in legal claims, and (iii) protect against fraud or abuse of our Service. This information will be retained for 7 years, after which it will be permanently deleted.
11.5. Sometimes, we might not be able to delete, make anonymous, or hide your Personal Data immediately because of technical, legal, or operational reasons. In these situations, we will take reasonable measures to securely isolate your Personal Data from any further Processing until we can properly delete, anonymize, or deidentify it.
11.6. If your account is inactive for 3 years or more, MailerLite reserves the right to permanently delete your account and all its data, including your list of subscribers and your content. If MailerLite decides to delete your account, you will be informed multiple times via email. Upon reaching 3 years of account inactivity, you will be given an additional 60 days to export the data or reactivate your account before the account is permanently deleted.
11.7. Upon reaching 2 years of account suspension or termination, MailerLite permanently deletes your account and all its data, including your list of subscribers and your content, with the exception of specific information we are required to retain as per Clause 11.4 of this Policy.
12. Links to other websites
12.1. As part of the Service, we may provide links to or compatibility with other websites or applications. However, we are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by those websites or the information or content they contain. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by us through the Service. Therefore, this Privacy Policy does not apply to your use of a third-party website accessed by selecting a link via our Service. To the extent that you access or use the Service through or on another website or application, then the privacy policy of that other website or application will apply to your access or use of that site or application. We encourage our users to read the privacy statements of other websites before proceeding to use them.
13. Data Processing Addendum
13.1. We created our Data Processing Addendum to cover the GDPR requirements as they relate to email marketing and we encourage all our Customers to review it
here
.
14. Age of consent
14.1. By using the Service, you represent that you are at least 16 years of age.
15. California Privacy Rights
15.1. This section applies exclusively to individuals residing in California (“
California Customers
”). It delineates our procedures for collecting, using, and sharing the Personal Data of California Customers in our capacity as a business according to the California Consumer Privacy Act ("
CCPA
"), along with the associated rights regarding such Personal Data. For the purposes of this clause, "Personal Data" refers to the definition of “Personal Information” as it is outlined in the CCPA.
15.2. California Customers have the ability to exercise the subsequent rights regarding their Personal Data, but these rights are not unconditional, and there may be instances where we are authorized to reject your request according to CCPA:
Right to Know:
You can request details about our collection and usage of your Personal Data, including categories of collected data, purposes, third-party sharing, and specific pieces collected. MailerLite will respond to a maximum of two (2) requests within a twelve (12) month period.
Right to Access
: You are able to access all Personal Data transferred to us in your MailerLite account. You can also request details regarding how we have collected and used your Personal Data over the past twelve (12) months, and MailerLite will respond to a maximum of two (2) requests. Please note that there may be legal restrictions preventing us from disclosing certain Personal Data if it poses a substantial risk to the security of the information, our systems, or your account.
Right to Correct:
If you find any inaccuracies in your Personal Data that we hold, or if your Personal Data changes, you can make respective changes in your MailerLite account or you can notify us and we will promptly update our records to ensure they reflect the accurate information.
Right to Deletion:
You can request the deletion of your Personal Data as per Clause 11 of this Privacy Policy. MailerLite may delete, de-identify, or aggregate your data upon such a request, confirming the information before deletion.
Opt-out of Sharing:
MailerLite uses services to deliver personalized ads to you. Under the CCPA, our utilization of some of these services may be tagged as sharing your Personal Data with the advertising partners who provide these services. You have the option to opt-out of the sharing of your Personal Data by visiting our Cookie Settings and disabling functional, performance, and targeting cookies.
No Selling of Personal Data:
If you have activated the opt-out feature, you will automatically be excluded from any sharing when engaging with our Services. MailerLite adheres to CCPA regulations by not selling your Personal Data.
Limited Processing of Sensitive Personal Data:
We don’t collect any sensitive Personal Data. However, we cannot control whether our Customers use or disclose the sensitive Personal Data of their Subscribers. If you are a Subscriber of our Customers, please contact them directly for queries regarding your sensitive Personal Data.
Right to Nondiscrimination.
We will not engage in discrimination against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights.
15.3.  If you are not able to exercise these rights through your MailerLite account, California Customers may exercise these rights over their Personal Data by contacting us via this
contact form
.
15.4. MailerLite in terms of CCPA acts as a service provider and we process Personal Data on our Customers’ behalf. Please direct any requests for access or deletion of your Personal Data to the Customers with whom you have a direct relationship.
16. Data Privacy Framework
16.1. MailerLite, Inc. has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Data Privacy Framework Principles. When providing Services to Customers outside the European Economic Area (EEA), United Kingdom, and Switzerland, MailerLite, Inc. operates in accordance with the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks ('DPF'), as well as the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, as stipulated by the US Department of Commerce. This adherence extends to the collection, processing, utilization, and retention of Personal Data from these regions. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF principles, the principles shall govern. For further information regarding the DPF and to access our certification, please visit the DPF website
here
.
16.2. MailerLite, Inc. falls under the regulatory authority of the US Federal Trade Commission, which possesses investigatory and enforcement powers. Additionally, you have the option to file a complaint with your local data protection authority, and we will collaborate with them to address your concerns. Under specific conditions, as outlined in
Annex I to the DPF Principles
, the DPF provides the right to pursue binding arbitration to resolve complaints that remain unresolved through other channels.
16.3. In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, MailerLite, Inc. commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your Personal Data. EU and UK individuals and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of Personal Data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact MailerLite, Inc. through this
contact form
.
16.4. In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S.  DPF, MailerLite, Inc. commits to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities  (DPAs) and the UK Information Commissioner’s Office  (ICO) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of Personal Data received in reliance on the  EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
16.5. We remain responsible for all the personal information we receive under the DPF and that we subsequently transfer to third parties acting as agents on our behalf if they process personal information in a manner inconsistent with the DPF principles.
17. Merger or acquisition
17.1. In the event we undergo a business transaction such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your Personal Data may be among the assets transferred. You acknowledge and consent that such transfers may occur and are permitted by this Privacy Policy, and that any acquirer of our assets may continue to Process your Personal Data as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
18. MailerLite as a Controller
18.1. MailerLite acts as a Controller of Personal Data of its employees, contractors, candidates, affiliates and other third parties that are not considered as a Customer. MailerLite undertakes to comply with legal requirements when processing Personal Data as a Controller and implements appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure a level of security of Personal Data as required under GDPR and applicable Data Protection Laws.
19. Changes
19.1. MailerLite reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. If we decide to change this Privacy Policy, we will post these changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. All changes are effective immediately upon posting and we suggest that you check this Privacy Policy periodically if you are concerned about how your information is used.
20. Contacting MailerLite
If you:
would like to request access to the information we hold about you, correct, modify, delete or update Personal Data that you have provided to us, or
have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or the practices of this site, wish to withdraw your consent for the continued collection, would like to object to your Personal Data being used, or have any additional questions:
Please contact us any time via this
contact form
.
Last updated on February 28, 2025