The short summary is that we do not sell, or otherwise share your personal information or data with third parties.
The long form is as follows...
Information we collect
When creating a sync account, you will be asked to enter passphrase and your childs date of birth.
If you use Feed Baby Sync then we'll store information that you have entered about your baby so we can sync this information
        between all of your devices where you use the app. We also collect aggregate statistics about syncs.
Information usage
We use the information we collect to operate and improve our website, apps, and customer support.
We do not sell, or otherwise share your personal information or data with third parties.
We may disclose your information in response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal requirements; to exercise
        our legal rights or defend against legal claims; to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities,
        suspected fraud or abuse, violations of our policies; or to protect our rights and property.
Security
We implement a variety of security measures to help keep your information secure, such as SSL and hashing.
Accessing your information
You may access or delete your sync account at any time. To do so, please
email customer support
.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We comply with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal
        information to outside parties without your consent.
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our
        website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
Your Consent
By using our site or apps, you consent to our privacy policy.
Contacting Us
If you have questions regarding this privacy policy, you may
email us
.
Changes to this policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page and update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 22nd August, 2014.