Greenery Digital - Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Last updated on 23th Aug, 2023
Greenery develops and publishes games for the web and mobile devices. We know your privacy is very important to you, so please take the time to carefully read our privacy policy.
This Privacy Policy describes:
information we may collect, how we collect it, and why
how we use that information and with whom we share it
how you can access and update that information
the choices you can make about how we collect, use, and share your information  and
how we protect the information we store about you
If you do not want Greenery to collect, store, use or share your information in the ways described in this Privacy Policy, you should not play Greenery’s games or use Greenery’s Services.
When you use our Services, through a social network or through Greenery, you may provide us information directly. We will store the information you provide us directly on our systems and use it for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. Some games or parts of our Services may use a registration or account set-up process where you may be asked to give us some or all of the following information:
a username;
a password;
a profile photo which links to your profiles on various social network;
a approximate location that you provide. If you create a player account, we may automatically collect:
a details about the games you play; and
a Greenery player ID number that is created by Greenery and used to identify your profile.
Certain information in your Greenery player profile may be publicly accessible on Greenery 's websites & apps that offer direct access to Greenery games, including:
The Greenery player ID;
Your username; and
Your player profile picture on various social network;
Our Services may allow you to communicate or share information with Greenery and with other Greenery players. These features may include:
player message boards and chat function;
private messaging;
the ability to send invitations to other players, either directly on our websites, instant messaging like whatsapps or to their e-mail accounts; and/or
photo sharing.
You acknowledge and expressly agree that we may access in real-time, record and/or store of these communications, comments and photos on our servers.
We may use these communications to protect the safety and well-being of our players and Greenery 's rights and property in connection with our Services; to conduct research; to operate, improve, and personalize our Services and our players’ experiences
If you make a purchase in our Services, such as a heart to use in-game or virtual items in a game you play, our third party payment processor will collect the billing and financial information to process your charges.
This information may include your postal address, e-mail address, and financial information, like credit card numbers.
Greenery DOES NOT collect or store your financial information. However, Greenery 's payment processors may share non-financial information with us related to your purchases, like your name and the items purchased in order to fulfill your order.
We may also obtain the non-financial billing and payment information that you provide when your purchase is processed by someone else (like Facebook, Apple or Google) such as when you purchase something in a game you play on a social network or that you downloaded on your mobile device.
Please note that purchases of third party credits or currencies may also be subject to those parties’ policies.
When you contact our Customer Support team, we will collect and store the contact information you give them (generally, your name and e-mail address), information about your game play or activity on our Services, and your Greenery player and/or social network ID number.
We will also store the communications you have with the Customer Service team and any information in those communications in order to provide support.
We may collect or receive information about you from other sources like third party information providers.
We use this information along with information you provide us directly, for example, to help you and your friends connect or to serve you advertising more tailored to your interests. If you would like to learn more about how we keep your information secure, please check out Security of Your Information.
If you play Greenery's games or access any of our other Services on a social network such as Facebook, we automatically receive certain information about you from the social network, depending upon the Greenery's game you’re playing, the social network, and your friends’ and your privacy settings on that social network.
For example, Greenery's automatically may collect and store some or all of the following information provided by the social network:
your profile picture or its URL;
your social network ID number, which is linked to publicly-available information like your name and profile photo;
other publicly-available information on the social network; and/or
any other information that you or the social networks share with us
If you access our Services from a social network, you should also read that social network’s Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. If you are unclear about what information a social network is sharing with us, please go to the social networks where you play our games to find out more about their privacy settings.
We and third-party service providers acting on our behalf, like Unity Ads, Google Admob, Facebook Audience network who may store log files and use tracking technologies such as:
cookies, which are small pieces of data transferred to your mobile device or computer for record-keeping purposes;
IP addresses;
the type of computer or mobile device you are using;
your operating system version;
your mobile device’s identifiers, such as your MAC Address, Identifier For Advertising (IDFA), and/or International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI);
your browser types, language;
the website you visited before or after visiting our Services;
whether or not some of Greenery other apps are installed on your device;
game state and the date and time of activity on our websites or games.
users’ game progress, and gameplay-related data including tracking your game errors, in-app purchases, length of visit to the App, keystroke logs, and similar information.
We may connect this information with your social network ID (where available) or Greenery user ID.
Please note that companies delivering advertisements on our Services may also use cookies or other technologies as described below in - Third Party Advertising and Analytics, and those practices are subject to those companies’ own policies.
We primarily use the information we collect and store to improve the gaming experience for our users, but there are other uses as well, including:
to operate, improve and optimize our Services and our players’ experiences;
to create player accounts or profiles and to enable you to play our games;
to find and recommend other Greenery players to you;
to personalize our Services for you;
to enable players to communicate with each other;
to provide technical support and respond to player inquiries;
to protect the safety and well-being of our players;
to protect Greenery 's rights and property in connection with our Services;
to prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities;
to enforce our Terms of Service;
to manage and deliver contextual and behavioral advertising;
to notify players of in-game updates, new products or promotional offers;
to administer rewards, surveys, sweepstakes, contests, or other promotional activities or events sponsored or managed by us or our business partners;
to comply with our legal obligations, resolve any disputes we may have with you or other players, and to enforce our agreements with third parties; and
to conduct research.
If you provide your e-mail address to Greenery, we will use it to respond to customer support inquiries, informed you about in-game activity, including comments from friends and in-game status updates and upgrades. Some messages, such as invitations to friends to play a game, may include your name and profile photo.
We may also send promotional e-mail messages and promotional SMS messages (e.g. text messages) ("Promotional Communications") directly or in partnership with other parties, in accordance with your marketing preferences. Each Promotional Communication will offer you choices about receiving additional messages.
We will share your information (which may include personal information) with third parties or allow third parties to collect this information from our Services in the following circumstances:
We may disclose or publish aggregated information, which is information about you and other players collectively that is not intended to specifically identify you, (for example, players between the ages of 30 and 39 who live in Hong Kong) and other non-personal information about our players for industry analysis, demographic profiling, marketing, analytics, and advertising, and other business purposes.
The Services allow you to interact with other players.
In Greenery games, if you play through a social network, linked your account with social network or register through a social network (for example, Facebook Connect), your friends will see your name, profile photo and your game activity.
In some Greenery games, other players, including those who are not your social network friends, will be able to see your game activity and profile, which may include your name or user name and your profile photo, and communicate with you within our Services.
In certain cases, your profile photo, can reveal your social network ID or Greenery player ID, and access to a social network ID or Greenery player ID may allow others to view the public information associated with your related social network profile or Greenery account.
Other players may be able to send you game requests or friend requests through the related social network’s or Greenery 's features.
We allow advertising on our Services so we can continue to offer many of our Services for free. To our best knowledge, we do not share personal information with third party advertisers for their direct marketing purposes unless you provide your consent. When advertisers or ad networks place ads in our Services, they may collect or we may share with them and with analytics providers the following types of information from our Services:
performance data (like the number of clicks on an advertisement);
aggregated and/or de-identified information about you and other players collectively that is not intended to specifically identify you (for example, players between the ages of 30 and 39 who live in Hong Kong);
certain technical information (such as, IP addresses, non-persistent device identifiers such as IDFAs, and de-identified persistent device identifiers such as a hashed Android ID);
your social network ID; and
other contextual data about your game play (such as, your level and session duration). This information may be used to:
measure the effectiveness of advertising,
show you advertisements for products and services that are more likely to appeal to you (a practice known as behavioral advertising), and/or
conduct analytics to improve your experience (such as Google Analytics which analyzes traffic and player activity).
Advertisers or advertising networks may collect this information by using one of more tracking technologies like browser cookies and web beacons.
Please note, if you click on a third party advertisement, you may no longer be on a site hosted by Greenery or the social network through which you are playing Greenery's games.
If you do not want to receive tailored in-application advertisements from third parties, please see - How to Access, Update and Manage Your Information—Opting Out of Third Party Tailored Advertising
Your information, the contents of all of your online communications in our Services, and the communications between You and Greenery may be accessed and monitored as needed to provide our Service and may be disclosed:
when we have a good faith belief that we must disclose the information in response to legal process (for example, a court order, search warrant or subpoena);
to comply with any applicable laws or regulations;
where, in our sole discretion, we believe that the Service is being used to commit a crime, including in order to report criminal activity or to share information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection, credit risk reduction, and other security precautions;
when we have a good faith belief that there is an emergency that poses a threat to the health and/or safety of you, another person, or the public generally; and
to protect the rights or property of Greenery and other applicable third parties, including to enforce our Terms of Service.
We may share information we collect with our third party service providers that perform services on our behalf, including, but not limited to, payment processing, e-mail delivery, hosting services, and customer service.
In the event that Greenery undergoes a business transition, like a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or part its assets (like selling a game), we may transfer all of your information, including personal information, to the successor organization in the transition.
We will make reasonable efforts to inform you and other players (in the way described in - Changes to Our Privacy Policy) of the business transition before transferring your personal information.
To manage the information Greenery receives about you from a social network, like Facebook, where you play our games, you will need to follow that social network’s instructions in order to update your information and change your privacy settings.
To review and update information associated with your Greenery game profile in certain games, visit the “Player settings” page in that game. Once Greenery receives your information from a social network or your mobile device, that information is stored and used by Greenery in accordance with this Privacy Policy. You may access and update that information as described below.
If you want to review, delete, or change the information Greenery has about you or have additional questions, contact us by email support(at)greenerydigital.com. We will respond to your request within ninety days. Please note, Greenery may not be able to provide change or delete certain of your information or provide the ability for you to review such information.
If you no longer want Greenery to use of your information, you may contact us by email support(at)greenerydigital.com.
Place "Delete My Account" in the subject line and include your username, e-mail address and your social network ID (if any) for the social network from which you access our Services (if applicable) in the body of the e-mail (for example, your Facebook user ID).
We will respond to your request within ninety days. If you make such a request, you may longer be able to play such game or use our Services. We may request additional information from you to autheticate that you are the owner of the account.
Please note that certain records, for example those relating to payments or customer service matters, will be held for legal and accounting purposes. If you have sent content through or posted content on the Service, we may not be able to delete it.
If you have previously allowed us to access your geolocation data, you can stop making geolocation available to us by visiting your mobile device's settings for the relevant application or the “settings” page for the relevant game.
When you install our apps on your mobile device you can choose to receive push notifications, which are messages an app sends you on your mobile device even when the app is not on. You can turn off notifications by visiting your mobile device’s “settings” page.
If you are interested in more information about tailored advertising and your choices to prevent third parties from delivering tailored web and mobile web advertising you may visit the following websites:
Network Advertising Initiative Consumer Opt-Out Page
or
the Digital Advertising Alliance Opt-Out Page
for U.S.-based advertising; and
Your Online Choices UK website
for EU-based advertising.
These opt-out tools are provided by third parties, not Greenery. Greenery does not control or operate these tools or the choices that advertisers and others provide through these tools.
In addition, if you do not want to receive tailored in-application advertisements from third parties that relate to your interests in apps on your mobile device, you may opt-out by adjusting the ad tracking settings on your device.
You can also reset the “Advertising Identifier” (like an IDFA) from your mobile device’s settings page, which will prevent continued use of existing behavioral data tied to the previous “Advertising Identifier.”
In additition, depending on the platform provider (such as Apple or Google), you may be able to download apps, such as the Digital Advertising Alliance’s “AppChoices” app, that offer to provide you with control regarding the collection and use of cross-app data for tailored advertising.
Like the opt-out tools mentioned above for web, these mobile opt-out tools are provided by third parties, not Greenery. Greenery does not control or operate these tools or the choices that advertisers and others provide through these tools.
Please note that you may still receive advertisements from third parties within Greenery's games even if you opt-out of tailored advertising but they will not be based on your activity across unrelated web sites or apps.
You can set your web browser to warn you about attempts to place cookies on your computer or limit the type of cookies you allow. If you disable cookies, you may lose some of the features and functionality of our Services because Greenery cookies are necessary to track and enhance your game activities.
Our websites and games may contain advertisements from third parties, which are companies other than Greenery that may link to their own websites, online services or mobile applications. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these third parties. If you have any questions about how these third parties use your information, you should review their policies and contact them directly.
Google Admob
Facebook Audiance Network
Unity Ad
Chartboost
Our websites and games are not for children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under 13. Children under 13 should not use our websites or games at any time. If we learn that we have inadvertently gathered personal information from a child under 13, we will take reasonable measures to promptly remove that information from our records.
How long we retain your information depends on why we collected it and how we use it. We will not retain your personal information for longer than is necessary for our business purposes or for legal requirements. For instance, we may retain some information for a few years after you have closed your account with us if this is necessary to meet our legal obligations or to exercise, defend or establish legal rights.
We implement appropriate security measures to protect the security of your information both online and offline, and we are committed to the protection of customer information. We will take reasonable steps to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you have an account registered directly with Greenery, your profile information is protected in hashed format. It is important that you protect and maintain your Greenery account’s security and that you immediately tell us of any unauthorized use of your account. If you access our Services through a social network and your social network account is hacked, this may lead to someone playing your Greenery games without your permission. So, be careful to keep your social network account information, including your social network account password, secure as well.
When you enter payment information, our third party payment processor use secure socket layer technology ("SSL") to encrypt the transmission of that information. While we take reasonable precautions against possible security breaches of our Services and our customer databases and records, no website or Internet transmission is completely secure. Although we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized access, hacking, data loss, or other breaches will never occur, we cannot guarantee the security of your information while it is being transmitted to our Service. Any transmission is at your own risk. If you have questions about the security of our services, please contact us by email support(at)greenerydigital.com.
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, so we encourage you to review it frequently. You should periodically check this privacy page for updates. Your continued use of the Services signifies your acceptance of our Privacy Policy as modified
If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy and/or other inquiries, please contact us by email support(at)greenerydigital.com.
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service