PRIVACY POLICY
Version: 2.1.0 - Effective date: December 4th, 2024
What’s new in this version:
we’ve made clear that any user in the world has Data Protection Rights
we’ve shortened the list of
	service providers
First
Class Media B.V. ("us", "we", or "our")
operates the "Message from Santa" mobile application and
website (the "Service").
This page
informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and
disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices
you have associated with that data.
We use
your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service,
you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with
this policy.
Definitions
Service
Service
means the "Message from Santa" service
operated by First Class Media B.V., consisting
of a mobile app and website.
App
App means the "Message from
Santa" mobile application operated by First Class Media B.V.
Website
Website
means the “Message from Santa” website on
www.messagefromsanta.com,
operated
by First Class Media B.V.
Personal
	Data
Personal
Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from
those data (or from those and other information either in our
possession or likely to come into our possession).
Usage
	Data
Usage
Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of
the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example,
the duration of a page visit).
Cookies
Cookies
are small pieces of data stored on your device (computer or mobile
device).
Data
	Controller
Data
Controller means the natural or legal person who (either alone or
jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for
which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to
be, processed. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data
Controller of your Personal Data.
Data
	Processors (or Service Providers)
Data
Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who
processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.
We may
use the services of various Service Providers in order to process
your data more effectively.
Data
	Subject (or User)
Data
Subject is any living individual who is using our Service and is the
subject of Personal Data.
Information
Collection and Use
We collect several different types
of information for various purposes to provide and improve our
Service to you:
Personal
Data
While using our Service, we may ask
you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information
that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data").
Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited
to:
Email addressFirst nameCookies and Usage Data
In order to provide certain
interactive and personalized features, such as audio and video
messages, we may ask you provide additional information which may
include, but is not limited to:
Birth dateTelephone numberHome location and/or addressPhotographsAudio recordingsVideo recordings
Usage
Data
We may also collect information
that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service or when you
access the Service by or through a mobile device ("Usage Data").
This Usage Data may include
information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g.
IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service
that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on
those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When you access the Service by or
through a mobile device, this Usage Data may include information such
as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID,
the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system,
the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device
identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking
& Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking
technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain
information.
Cookies are files with small amount
of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are
sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device.
Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to
collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to
refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.
However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use
some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies.We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.Preference Cookies.We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various
	settings.Security Cookies.We use Security Cookies for security purposes.Advertising Cookies.Advertising Cookies are used to serve you with advertisements that
	may be relevant to you and your interests.
Use of Data
We only use the collected data for
the following purposes:
To provide and maintain our
	ServiceTo notify you about changes to our
	ServiceTo allow you to participate in
	interactive features of our Service when you choose to do soTo provide customer supportTo gather analysis or valuable
	information so that we can improve our ServiceTo monitor the usage of our
	ServiceTo detect, prevent and address
	technical issuesTo provide you with news, special
	offers and general information about our services unless you have
	opted not to receive such information
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data Under General Data
Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are from the European
Economic Area (EEA), our legal basis for collecting and using the
personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the
Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect
it.
We may process your Personal Data
because:
We need to perform a contract with
	youYou have given us permission to do
	soThe processing is in our
	legitimate interests and it's not overridden by your rightsFor payment processing purposesTo comply with the law
Retention of Data
We will retain your Personal Data
only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this
Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the
extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example,
if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable
laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and
policies.
We will also retain Usage Data for
internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a
shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen
the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we
are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Transfer of Data
Your information, including
Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on —
computers located outside of your state, province, country or other
governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ
than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside The
Netherlands and choose to provide information to us, please note that
we may transfer the data, including Personal Data, to the Netherlands
and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy
followed by your submission of such information represents your
agreement to that transfer.
We will take all steps reasonably
necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in
accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal
Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are
adequate controls in place including the security of your data and
other personal information.
Disclosure
of Data
Business
	Transaction
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your
Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before your
Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different
Privacy Policy.
Disclosure
	for Law Enforcement
Under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your
Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid
requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Legal
	Requirements
We may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such
action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligationTo protect and defend the rights or
	property of First Class Media B.V.To prevent or investigate possible
	wrongdoing in connection with the ServiceTo protect the personal safety of users of
	the Service or the publicTo protect against legal liability
Security
of Data
The
security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method
of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is
100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to
protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute
security.
"Do
Not Track" Signals Under California Online Privacy Protection
Act (CalOPPA)
We
support Do Not Track ("DNT"). Do Not Track is a preference
you can set in your web browser or mobile device to inform websites
that you do not want to be tracked.
You can
enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or
Settings page of your web browser or mobile device.
Your
Data Protection Rights
We aim to take reasonable steps to allow you
to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.
If you
wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you
want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
You
have the following data protection rights:
The
    right to access, update or delete the data we have on you. After
    signing in to your account in the app, you can always view and edit
    your personal data. You can also remove your account by tapping the
    button “Delete my account”, whereby all collected data will also
    be deleted. If
    you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact
    Customer Service
    to assist you.
The
    right of rectification.You have the right to have your information rectified if that
    information is inaccurate or incomplete.
The
    right to object.You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal
    Data.
The
    right of restriction.You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of
    your personal information.
The
    right to data portability.You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we
    have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used
    format.
The
    right to withdraw consent.You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where
    we
    relied on your consent to process your personal information.
Please
note that we may ask you to verify your identity before we can
respond to such requests.
You have
  the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our
  collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information,
  please contact your local data protection authority.
Service
Providers
We
may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our
Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on
our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in
analyzing how our Service is used. 
These third parties have
access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our
behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other
purpose:
Google, Inc.
Unity Technologies Finland Oy.
Zendesk, Inc.
UpCloud LTD
DigitalOcean, LLC
Apple, Inc.
Mintegral International Ltd.
ironSource Ltd.
LiftOff (formerly Vungle, Inc.)
Links
to Other Sites or Apps
Our
Service may contain links to other sites or apps that are not
operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be
directed to that third party's site or app. We strongly advise you to
review the Privacy Policy of every site or app you visit. We have no
control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy
policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children's
Privacy
Our
Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 in the United
States or under the age of 16 in other countries ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from
Children. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your
child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we
become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children
without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove
that information from our servers.
Changes
to
this
Privacy Policy
We may
update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of
any changes by presenting you the new policy for review, when you
sign in to the Website or App.
Changes
to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this
page.
Contact
  us
If
  you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us
  using the support button in the App or on the Website, or
  by sending an e-mail
  to
  support@messagefromsanta.com.
Legal
  entity
The
  company collecting data “First
  Class Media B.V.” is a limited liability company, having office at
  Bosscheweg 107,
  Boxtel,
  the Netherlands. The company
  is registered in the Dutch Business
  Register #71694374, D-U-N-S #492665793.