About Us
Who Are We?
Built For
Who Are You?
►
Historical Organizations
Community Organizations
Colleges & Universities
The Mobile App
Guide Your Visitors
►
Our Mobile App
White-labeled Apps
Tour Builder
Enterprise Features
Tours
Latest Tours
Sign Up
Get Started
Contact
Get In Touch
Login
Tour Builder
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you that you provide to us. We also collect information from you whenever you use our services and whenever you provide information to us or our business partners (e.g., historical organizations, community organizations and college and universities). The information we collect includes, but is not limited to, (i) your name, email address and zip code, (ii) non-personally-identifiable information regarding your precise location and the places you have visited while using our mobile application, (iii) other information about your use of our services and (iv) information about your device. We also collect aggregate information about the use of services by our users on a collective basis.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in the following ways:
To provide you with our services.
While you are using our services, we use non-personally-identifiable information regarding your location to provide you with information regarding local attractions and other information that may be of interest to you.
To personalize your experience.
Your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs.
To improve our services.
We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To improve service to our users.
Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your service requests and support needs. We may also send you notices, announcements and other information relating to our services.
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide may be used to send you occasional company news, updates, and information about our services.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personally-identifiable information when you enter, submit, or access your personally-identifiable information. However, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will be effective.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, rent or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally-identifiable information. We may provide your personally-identifiable information and other information to our employees and to trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website and mobile application, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.
We may also provide aggregate information, which is not personally-identifiable information, to our business partners.
We may also release your personally-identifiable information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.
We may permit third parties to conduct advertising campaigns targeted at users of our services. We do not provide personally-identifiable information to such advertisers, but we may provide aggregate information that is not personally-identifiable information to such advertisers (including non-personally identifiable information about the location of our users). Accordingly, third party products or services may be offered on our website or through our mobile application. These third party sites may use cookies, and have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
We may also provide personally-identifiable information to a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger or other sale or transfer of some or all of our stock or assets, whether as a going concern or as part of a bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act.
As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may review or make any changes to their information at any time by logging into their control panel and going to the 'Edit Profile' page. All users of our site and users of our mobile application may also request that we delete your personally-identifiable information or that we cease using your personally-identifiable information by sending us an email containing such a request. If you so request us to do so, we will delete or cease using your personally-identifiable information. Notwithstanding our deletion of your personally-identifiable information, (i) such personally-identifiable information may not be deleted from our back-up systems and (ii) we will continue to use aggregate information.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Website and Mobile Application Policy Only
This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected through our website and our mobile application, and not information collected from other sources.
Your Consent
By using our site or our mobile application, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of April 2, 2015. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will update our Privacy Policy and include a notice that this Privacy Policy has been updated. In addition, if we update our Privacy Policy, we will request that users acknowledge the updated Privacy Policy and agree to its terms.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.