Read our privacy policy
Updated:
14 Oct 2024
Share
In this guide / article
This Privacy Policy explains how we will use your personal information when you interact with our Sites so please read it carefully.
SUMMARY
Below is a summary of some key terms of this Privacy Policy. We are committed to protecting your personal information when you use our Services and we want you to be confident that your personal information is safe and secure with us. This Privacy Policy explains how we use your personal information including the following:
where we collect your personal information from;
what personal information we collect;
how we use your personal information;
who your personal information is shared with; and
the rights and choices you have when it comes to your personal information.
Use of our website (our “Site”) is subject to our website
Terms and Conditions
. If you do not agree to these terms, please stop using the Site immediately.
Where we refer to “personal information” in this Privacy Policy, we mean information which constitutes “personal data” under the UK’s version of the General Data Protection Regulation (the “
UK GDPR
”). This can be any information that directly identifies you (such as your name or email address), but also information that identifies you indirectly or would identify you when pieced together with other information (such as your age, gender, demographic information, IP address, and cookie identifiers/other unique online identifiers).
The main reason we process your personal information is to provide you with the Site and the other services that you request from us (see section 4 below) (together, the “
Services
”). For certain purposes set out in section 5 below, we may share your personal information with group entities, our product partners, service providers, and regulatory or governmental bodies.  We will only hold your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which we hold that personal information.
To make an enquiry or exercise any of your rights as set out in this Privacy Policy, please contact our Data Request Team at:
datarequest@moneysupermarket.com
.
1. Who are we?
1.1. We are
MoneySuperMarket
, part of MONY Group, which includes:
MoneySavingExpert
,
Decision Technologies
,
CYTI, Travelsupermarket, icelolly, Quidco
and
Podium
(all operating in the UK). We will take your privacy very seriously.
1.2. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, references to "we", "us", "our" or “Site” are to
MoneySuperMarket
and exclude
MoneySavingExpert,
Decision Technologies
,
CYTI
,
Travelsupermarket
,
icelolly
,
Quidco
and
Podium
who each have their own privacy policies. For details about how your personal information is shared within the MONY Group, see section 5.
1.3. MoneySuperMarket.com Limited (company number 3945937) is a
controller
in relation to the processing of the personal information that you provide to us when you use our Services. Its registered address is MONY Group House, St David's Park, Ewloe, Chester, CH5 3UZ. If you have any queries relating to our use of your personal information, if you want to contact our data protection officer or if you have any other related data protection questions, please contact our Data Request Team at
datarequest@moneysupermarket.com
or write to our Data Protection Officer at MONY Group House, St. David's Park, Ewloe, Flintshire, CH5 3UZ.
2. How do we collect personal information?
2.1.
From you
- Most of the personal information we collect will be directly from you when you use the Services.  We will collect this information from you through the websites, mobile applications, or other similar devices, channels, or applications operated by or on behalf of MoneySuperMarket.
2.2.
From our product partners
- If you purchase a product from one of our partners whose products or services are included on our Site (“
product partners
”) then they may send us the information they hold relating to the product(s) you have purchased.  This allows us to track sales and improve our Services. A list of our product partners can be found in section 5.
2.3.
From our channel operators
- Whilst the majority of the channels on our Site are run by us or other Moneysupermarket Group entities, some of our channels are
designed, maintained, and/or run for us by our trusted channel operators
. We may receive your personal information from our channel operators and use it in accordance with section 5 below.  Where our channel operators collect your personal information on a channel that is maintained by them, they will be acting as a controller of your personal information.  A list of our channel operators can be found in section 5.
2.4.
From our suppliers
- We will sometimes use other companies to collect and process your personal information on our behalf, for example, we may use IT service providers or market research agencies (see section 5 below for more detail on the categories of these suppliers). Where we use third party suppliers we will make sure that they commit to keeping your information safe.
We may also obtain personal information about you from suppliers, who hold data on you themselves – for example, if you use our Credit Score Services (either through the Apps or on our website), we will obtain information about your credit history for you from TransUnion (see sections 4.2.2 and 7 below for further information); and in order to show and send you car tax and MOT reminders, we will obtain the dates on which these fall due by accessing public sector information (see section 5.2.3.7 for further information).
3. What personal information do we collect?
3.1. The personal information we may collect when you use the Services includes:
3.1.1. your
identity information
such as name and date of birth;
3.1.2. your
contact information
such as address, email address and telephone number;
3.1.3. information you provide as part of your
online enquiry
which might include your vehicle/home information (in relation to our relevant insurance products) such as driving history and details about your vehicle/home;
3.1.4. your
financial information
, for example, bank account or payment details or information about your
credit score and/or credit report
;
3.1.5. in certain scenarios, recordings of the
content of your communications
with us such as calls, emails and SMSs, in accordance with data protection legislation and other applicable law. Monitoring or recording will always be for business purposes, such as for quality control and training (e.g. where you email our customer services team), to prevent unauthorised use of our telecommunication systems and Site, to ensure effective systems operation, to meet any legal obligation and/or to prevent or detect crime;
3.1.6.
feedback you provide to us
on your experience of using the Site, which we may have requested from you in order to ensure the Services we provide you continue to meet your needs. Any feedback you provide will only be used as part of our programme of continuous improvement and will not be published on the Site; and
3.1.7. information about
how you come to our Site and how you use it
, for example, the pages viewed, the website from which you came to visit our Site, changes you make to information you supply to us, details of the quotes you request and your transactions.
3.2. In order to provide you with a quote we may need to collect personal information which data protection law defines as
special category data
. This is personal information that is particularly sensitive, such as medical history. We may also process personal information relating to your
criminal convictions
. We cannot display quotes for certain types of insurance (such as life insurance or vehicle insurance) without this information.  We may also need to share this personal information with our product partners to enable them to generate a quote for you (which we are allowed to do under data protection legislation in order to arrange and/or advise on an insurance contract).  For details of our product partners that we share this information with, please see section 5.2.2 of this Privacy Policy.
3.3. We do not knowingly collect or store any personal information about children under the age of 16 years with the exception of certain travel insurance products which are available to children between the ages of 13-16; and certain life insurance products which require us to collect and store personal information of under 18s (but we will ask the adult intending to obtain the life insurance policy to provide this information).
3.4. If you are providing us with
another person's information
(for example where you request a policy that includes another person as a joint policyholder, obtaining quotes for a family member, or provide information about other family members (including under 18s) when requesting a quote for a life insurance policy) we recommend that you first ask them to read this Privacy Policy and our
Terms and Conditions
, and confirm with them that they are happy for you to provide the information to us and that they understand how their details will be used.
3.5. Note that it is your responsibility to check and ensure that all information, content, material, or personal information you provide on the Site is
correct
,
complete
,
accurate
, and not misleading and that you disclose all relevant facts.
4. How do we use your personal information?
We use your personal information for the following purposes:
4.1. For the management of our Site and other Services:
4.1.1.
verifying your identity, managing, running and administering your account
or use of any mobile applications
if you choose to set up a Site account or download mobile applications. You must be aged 16 years and over to create an account on the Site, please see section 3.3 of this Privacy Policy;
4.1.2.
passing it to our product partners
including companies whose products or services are included on our Site, with a view to them providing you with an online quote or eligibility score for the product/service requested by you. When our product partners use your personal information to provide a quote they will act as controllers of your personal information – you can see links to lists of our product partners in section 5.2.2 below;
4.1.3. to
pre-populate fields on the Site
when making return visits to obtain new quotes for the same product(s) or quotes across other channels on the Site. This will make it easier for you to use the Site by storing the personal information you provide to us (for example, your postal address and email address) and by storing personal information of any individuals associated with your accounts for example a family member or a friend. Sometimes, this involves us placing “cookies” or other tracking technologies on our Site; for more information on cookies, see section 9;
4.1.4. to
process a transaction
between you and a third party - we will use a third party payment processing provider, Stripe, for these purposes;
4.1.5. to
track sales
, which may involve product partners sharing data with us relating to the product(s) you have purchased, this involves us placing “cookies” or other tracking technologies on our Site;
4.1.6. to
fulfil offers
you are eligible for or have applied for through the Site, for example if you qualify for any rewards. Where we use third parties to help us to fulfil offers, we may also need to share your personal information with them. This will also be detailed in the relevant terms and conditions for that offer;
4.1.7. if you have an account with us and have switched energy supplier with us or requested a car insurance quote, to
provide you with information on your account dashboards
such as information around your energy switch or your MOT, tax or car insurance renewal date. In order to display this information, we will monitor the progress of your switch in energy provider and/or will access information from public sector sources in relation to your car MOT/tax/insurance renewal (see section 5 for more information on how we access this information and section 4.3 for how we may further communicate with you about this);
4.1.8. by
matching our data with data from other sources
including
to validate your information and make our Services easy to use:
4.1.8.1. we may validate and analyse your information and, in some cases, match it against information that has been collected by a third party
to ensure that the information we hold about you is accurate, consistent and well-organised and in order to make our Services as easy to use as possible
. For example, you may be required to provide your address when using the Services. In order to streamline this process, we may display address look-up services offered by third party partners. When you enter your postcode into the search bar associated with these services, we pass this information directly to the relevant third party partner, to facilitate the look up of your street address;
4.1.8.2.
to help gather all the information that is required to carry out the Service you have requested
(particularly if some of this information may be difficult for you to locate) and
to pre-populate some of the information required to carry out the Service
for you by providing estimated figures. For example, as part of a request from you to switch your energy partner, we may match your address to the corresponding MPAN/MPRN (which are numbers used to identify the energy/gas supply points in your home) to help facilitate the switch (see sections 9 and 10 of our
Terms and Conditions
for more information on our energy products and services);
4.2. To enable us and our product partners and/or service providers to
check or monitor your credit score and/or credit report
, in connection with certain financial products and Services (see section 7  below for more details on who your information is shared with and what sort of processing the generation of these checks involve):
4.2.1. when you use our
eligibility checker services
(for example on our loans and credit cards journeys) a credit report will be generated by
carrying out a 'soft' credit check
.  We do not carry out these checks. Instead, we pass your personal information to our trusted service provider
HD Decisions
- an Experian business
(
HD
),
Qualifi
or certain of our panel of lenders who will generate these checks with their chosen credit reference agencies;
4.2.2. when you use our  Credit Score Services, we provide your personal information to TransUnion, who will provide us with your credit score and/or credit report (as applicable) at least once per month (see also our Terms and Conditions for more information on our  Credit Score Services). This will leave a footprint (also known as a ‘soft’ search) on your credit file, which does not affect your score and is not visible to lenders, but which will be visible to you. We request this ‘soft’ search from TransUnion on your behalf for up to thirty-six (36) months following receipt of authorisation from you and will continue to request this ‘soft search’ on an ongoing basis whilst you are still using the Credit Score Service. Please see section 7.1 for more details on soft credit checks. To enable us to supply you with your credit report and/or credit score (as applicable), you will need to authorise us to submit a subject access request on your behalf to TransUnion for that information under Article 15 of the UK GDPR;
4.2.3. when we
provide you with information in order to renew your insurance quote
, we may also send that information to our insurance partners so that they can calculate their quotes and they may carry out
‘soft’ credit checks
on you with credit reference agencies of their own choosing. These checks may be performed ahead of the renewal date on your insurance policy.  As above, the ‘soft’ credit checks carried out by our insurance partners may appear on your credit report but they will have no impact on your credit rating;
4.3. To
communicate  with you
, including some or all of the following:
4.3.1.
sending you information about products and services
which we think may be of interest to you
.
We will contact you (depending on your contact preferences) via email, SMS, or by other electronic means such as via social and digital media. This may include new product launches and, newsletters. When you give us your details to run a comparison you will be given an opportunity to let us know if you don’t want to receive marketing communications from us. If you are using our App and have enabled push notifications on your device, we may send you marketing messages through push notifications. If you don’t want to receive marketing communications from us, you’ll need to let us know every time you run a comparison. You can also opt out of receiving marketing communications at any time – see section 12 below.
This won’t affect any communications that we need to send you for the purpose of being able to provide our Services (see section 4.3.2 and 4.3.3).
4.3.2.
sending you a confirmation email of your quote
– when you obtain a quote with us, you will automatically be sent confirmation of your quote by email or SMS so that you have a record of it;
4.3.3
.
sending you information about the savings and credit management services.
For example, if you:
4.3.3.1. have subscribed to our Credit Score Services, then we will contact you (through email, push notifications, or in-App messaging) to let you know when your
credit score
from TransUnion
, and/or credit report
(as applicable)
have been updated
,
how you can access our guides
on credit scores and credit reports, or notifying you of
significant changes to your credit score or report
(see section 7 below for further information)
4.3.3.2. have switched energy supplier with us, we may inform you (through email, push notifications, or in-App messaging) of
when your application to switch energy supplier has been received
, update you as to the
progress of your switch
(including if your switch has been rejected for any reason) and
when your switch is complete
(please see section 9 of our
Terms and Conditions
for further information); and
4.3.4. to communicate with you at your request
to offer help and support and to resolve any Service issues
, including via live chat if you use our energy or life insurance comparison services.
4.4.
To personalise and improve aspects of our Services
including:
4.4.1. to
improve the personalised content and insights on our Site and/or as part of our direct marketing communications
. The information we collect helps us tailor our content and improve our suggestions to you and other users about products or services that may interest you or them. For example, we may undertake analysis and profiling of your credit information when you use our Credit Score services in order to identify and inform you of products that we consider are likely to interest you or be suited to your credit circumstances. We also use that information to provide you with general insights about your credit health. These recommendations and insights might either be provided via direct marketing communications (as described in section 4.3 above), or through the display of information on our Site;
4.4.2. to
improve personalised content and insights on other websites (for both you, and others).
We make use of audience tools from digital and social media providers which enable them to match your hashed contact information that we provide them against the contact information they hold and target you on their sites based on information about your use of our Site. They might also use the same information to target advertising to other users on their websites who they have identified as being potentially interested in the same recommendations and insights. We may also submit information about your use of the Site, collected through cookies, to social media providers as part of the audience tools described above. See section 9 for more details on our use of cookies for these purposes; and
4.4.3.  to help our product partners understand customer behaviours and develop and tailor their product offerings we may pass certain personal information to them (e.g. through our
customer insight products
that are available to subscribers).
4.5.
For research, such as analysing market trends and customer demographics including:
4.5.1.  we may contact you to ask you to assist us with market research by asking you questions about the Services and asking you if you would like to complete a review of the Services.  We may sometimes ask market research companies to contact you on our behalf and may use this information to improve our Sites and Services; and
4.5.2.  to use personal information relating to your quotes, your personal information, special category data in relation to life insurance quotes, and information about the policies and contracts you have taken out in order to carry out various other
research and analysis activities designed to help us review and improve the Site or our Services
, such as journey optimisation.
4.6 To generate responses using AI alternatively referred to as “large language models” (LLM) such as ChatGPT (“AI Tools”). Some parts of our Site allow use of AI Tools to help you research products and provide estimates.  You don’t have to use these AI Tools and we’ll always let you know which of our Services use AI Tools. We’ll use the minimum amount of personal information required to enable responses to be generated. The AI Tools should be used in accordance with our
Terms and Conditions
.
4.7. To meet any
legal obligation
and/or to
prevent or detect crime
– for example, if a court or regulator, Governmental, compliance or law enforcement agency requires us to disclose your personal information; if it is necessary for us to disclose your personal information in connection with legal proceedings; or in order to prevent fraud and money laundering, which might involve disclosure to a fraud prevention agency. See section 5 for more detail on the parties we might disclose your personal information to for these purposes.
4.8. To enable a
sale or potential sale of all or part of our business
.
Some of the purposes listed above may involve us placing “cookies” or other tracking technologies on our Site; for more information on cookies and the purposes for which we place them, see Section 9.
Please also refer to the section on online advertising at section 10, which provides more detail on our advertising-related personalisation activities.
5.
Who is your personal information shared with?
5.1. When you use any of our Services, we may share your personal information other entities within the
MONY Group
(as detailed at section 1.1 above). The MONY Group operates a shared IT infrastructure which includes shared technologies, platforms, systems and tools. Your personal information may be shared with other MONY Group entities as a result of this shared infrastructure. We implement shared security measures on this system which comply with data protection law and ensure that there are adequate internal controls to keep the personal information secure. This information might be used and analysed in order to improve products and services across the Group. However, the different entities will not use your personal information to send you direct marketing or target you with advertising if you’ve opted out of receiving this (see section 4.3.1 above). We’ll never share your personal information with third parties for the purpose of allowing them to send you direct marketing;
5.2. When you use any of our Services, we may also share your personal information with the following third parties:
5.2.1.
our channel operators (i.e., operators we partner with to help run certain aspects of our Sites and our Services)
so that they may use this information in accordance with section 4 above. Where our channel operators collect your personal information on a channel that is maintained by them, they will be acting as a controller of that personal information. As mentioned in section 2.3 above, we may also receive your personal information from our channel operators and use it in accordance with this policy. You can see a list of our channel operators including a link to their websites
here
.
5.2.2.
our product partners whose products or services are included on our Site:
5.2.2.1. in order to display quotes on the Site we will send your personal information to our panel of
product partners
who provide the products you are requesting a quote for.  We need to send them your personal information so that they can generate a quote for us to display on the Site.  When these companies use your personal information in this way, they will be acting as controllers of your personal information which means that they are in charge of how they handle your personal information. Please see section 6 of this policy which includes further detail about how our product partners process your personal information as controllers (including any third party sources they obtain your personal information from);
5.2.2.2. in order to make our
eligibility checker service
available to you, your personal information will be sent to our panel of product partners who provide credit card and loan services including Capital One Bank (Europe) plc (
Capital One
), Shawbrook Bank Limited (
Shawbrook
), Admiral Financial Services Limited (
Admiral
), Hastings Financial Services Limited (
Hastings
), Mitsubishi HC Capital UK PLC Trading as Novuna Consumer Finance (
Novuna
), Lendable Operations Limited (
Lendable
), Oakbrook Finance Limited (
Oakbrook
) and Zopa Bank Limited (
Zopa
) so that we can show you which credit cards or loans that you’re most likely to be accepted for (see also section 7 for detail on how your personal information may be shared with our service provider HD (Experian)
,
Qualifi and other credit reference agencies selected by certain credit card and loan product partners, to provide the eligibility checker service);
5.2.2.3. if you choose to click through to any of our product partners to submit an application, to make it easier for you to complete your application we may pass the personal information you provide on the Site to those product partners to
pre-populate fields
on their website to save you having to input your information again;
5.2.2.4. on some of our journeys you can
apply and purchase our partners’ products
on our Site
(for example energy products, travel insurance and life insurance).  When you purchase a product on our Site, any contract will be entered into between you and the relevant product partner and so we will pass your personal information to them;
5.2.2.5. if you
click through to any of our product partners' websites, provide them with additional information on their websites, and/or if you decide to purchase a product
from any of our product partners then they will be controllers of your personal information and you should read their own privacy policy which you should find on their website.
5.2.2.6. You can see a list of our product partners in the "Who does Moneysupermarket work with" section of our
"About us"
page.
5.2.3.
other third party service providers
that we engage to help us provide certain services and/or functionality including:
5.2.3.1. LifeSearch Limited who will process your personal information to provide a fully or partially underwritten life insurance quote and to deal with enquiries relating to your policy, statistical purposes, claims management, and the prevent and detection of fraud. LifeSearch will share your personal information with dedicated insurance companies who sit on their panel."
5.2.3.2.
market research agencies
who may contact you on our behalf in order to ask you to assist us with our research;
5.2.3.3. our service providers who help us to
fulfil offers that you have applied or qualified for
; for example, if you qualify for any of our incentives or rewards from certain service providers;
5.2.3.4. our service providers who help us to provide
customer insight products
to enable subscribers to develop and improve their products for you;
5.2.3.5. our service providers who help us by
providing your supplier details and energy usage
when you run an energy journey, allowing us to find energy deals based on this information;
5.2.3.6. our service providers (including, but not limited to automated decision-making software) who assist us with the
processing of customer queries
;
5.2.3.7. if you switch energy suppliers with us, to keep you informed as to the status of your switch, our third party partners who help us to
facilitate your application to switch energy partners and to keep you updated as to the status of your switch
, as well as the energy partners themselves.  Please see our
Terms and Conditions
for more information on our Energy Monitor services;
5.2.3.8.
the DVLA and DVSA
- if you give us your driving licence number when obtaining a
motor insurance quote
, it may be submitted by us or our product partners to the DVLA MyLicence service in order to verify the status of your (or any named driver's) licence and entitlement along with any relevant restriction information, endorsement and/or conviction data. The insurers may carry out the searches themselves or we may perform them and then pass the results to the insurers.  These driving licence searches may be made when you first use our Services and subsequently throughout the duration of your insurance policy. These searches will not show on your (or your named driver's) DVLA driving licence record. Carrying out these searches may help insurers to prevent fraud and reduce the need for insurers to cancel policies for negligent misrepresentation and non-disclosure of important information.  For details of the information about you that the DVLA may hold, please see
www.viewdrivingrecord.service.gov.uk
;
5.2.3.9.
third party credit reference agencies
and
service providers who enable our eligibility checker services
(see section 6 below for more information).
5.2.4.
public sector sources
-if you run a car insurance journey on our Site and confirm you have the relevant vehicle we can match your car registration number with
public sector information
to obtain the dates that your car tax and MOT will need renewing so that we can add these dates to your homepage for you to see next time you log in and send you car tax and MOT reminders via email before these falls due.  This car tax and MOT information is accessed by us from public sector information under the terms of the
Open Government Licence 3.0
. MoneySuperMarket does not warrant the accuracy of any information relating to your vehicle’s MOT and tax status and does not accept any liability for any inaccurate information accessed by it in this way.
5.2.5. Where permitted or required by
law or regulation
, we may also disclose information about you (including electronic identifiers such as IP addresses) and/or access your account in order to comply with legal or regulatory requirements for example:
5.2.5.1. if required to do so by any court, to
the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA), the Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) or any other applicable regulatory, compliance, Governmental or law enforcement agency
;
5.2.5.2. if necessary in connection with legal proceedings or potential legal proceedings, to the applicable
court or law enforcement authority, or party to the proceedings
;
5.2.5.3. in connection with the sale or potential sale of all or part of our business, to the
actual or proposed buyer and their professional service providers/other authorised individuals
who are under obligations of confidentiality; and/or
5.2.5.4. if we reasonably believe false or inaccurate information has been provided and fraud is suspected, details may be passed to
fraud prevention agencies
to prevent fraud and money laundering.
5.2.6 certain providers of promotions if you consent to participating in one of our prize draws or other competitions.
6.
In more detail: Use of your personal information by our product partners
6.1.
Providing a quote:
In order to provide you with a quote, our product partners may exchange information about you with other companies and/or carry out checks with various databases
.
Our product partners act as controllers in respect of this use of personal information
. This means that they determine why and how your personal information is being processed for their own purposes. Please see section 5 above for a list of our product partners and links to their privacy policies.
We have set out below some of the common ways that product partners will share and use your information:
6.1.1. Some of our product partners will use your personal information to
assess your circumstances
(including information about any third party who is named on the policy) and verify the information that you have provided before providing a quote to you;
6.1.2. Some product partners may carry out checks with
fraud prevention
and
credit reference agencies
, both when you first run your quote and when we run an annual renewal quote. Insurers generally run these checks to ensure that they and credit partners have the necessary facts to assess your insurance risk, verify your identity, help prevent fraud, and provide you with their best premium and payment options.  If product partners do these checks, they will be quotation searches only and do not show up on your credit report in the same way that a ‘hard’ check does, but will be visible to other organisations. Both public data (e.g. the electoral roll) and private data (e.g. your personal credit history) may be checked in this way;
6.1.3. Some product partners may carry out
checks against data they already hold on you
, (or is held by the company whose brand they administer the product for, or members of their group of companies) such as data from existing products, account data, data from previous product transactions, accounts you may hold with them or loyalty scheme data to share with insurers in order to determine your premium;
6.1.4.  Our product partners may also use the personal information relating to your quotes and your personal information
to create and improve the products and services they offer and to develop and improve their processes
, credit risk systems, and policies, so they can better meet the needs of their customers;
6.1.5. Our product partners may also exchange personal information with
certain industry databases
such as the No Claims Discount Database, the Motor Insurance Anti-Fraud and Theft Register, the Claims and Underwriting Exchange (which holds records of incidents reported to insurers that may or may not have resulted in a claim) and the Hunter Database (a central insurance and claims checking system).  If our product partners carry out these searches, a record of the search will appear on your credit report;
6.1.6.  Some of our product partners may also check
public and private higher education sources
to obtain information about your educational background; and
6.1.7. Our product partners may also share information with
insurance underwriters
. These checks are not unique to users of our Services - they may also be carried out if you obtain quotes from other sources.
This information exchange allows our product partners to verify the information that is provided during the quote process (including information about any third party who is named on the policy), and also helps to detect fraudulent claims.
6.2.
Entering into a contract:
If you decide to enter into a contract with one of our product partners through any of the Sites, the information you have provided to us, together with any further information requested by, and supplied by you or us to the product partner, will be held by the product partner for the purposes set out in their privacy policy and as above
they will act as a controller of your personal information
. Therefore,
you are strongly advised to read your chosen product partner's privacy policy
and satisfy yourself as to the purposes for which the product partner will use your personal information before entering into the contract. We have no responsibility for the uses to which a product partner puts your personal information.
7.
In more detail: Credit Information Services & Soft Credit Checks
7.1.
‘Soft’ credit checks
7.1.1. When you use some of our Services a ‘soft’ credit check may be carried out against your credit report in order to (i) assess your financial and insurance profile; (ii) verify your identity; and/or (iii) to help prevent fraud.  The credit reference agencies may keep a record of the search and you may see this recorded against your credit file but these ‘soft’ credit checks have no impact on your credit rating. ‘Soft’ credit checks are visible on your credit report but do not show up in the same way as a 'hard' check. These ‘soft’ credit checks are not carried out by us but by the chosen credit reference agencies of our service providers or panel members as described below;
7.1.2. The
scenarios
where a ‘soft’ credit check may be performed are as follows:
7.1.2.1. to enable our
eligibility checker services
(see section 7.1.3.1 below);
7.1.2.2. to provide you with your credit history including your credit score and credit report when you use the
Credit Score Services
(see section 4.2.2 and 7.1.3.2 below for more information);
7.1.2.3. on some of our
mortgage journeys
run by our mortgage channel operator
, Podium,
including: (i) to enable our
mortgage account number retrieval service
(see section 7.1.3.4 below for more information); and (ii) if you apply for a decision in principle from some of our lender partners as part of our re-mortgage journey (when your chosen lender will carry out a soft credit check);
7.1.2.4. our product partners will also carry out checks with credit reference agencies when they generate a quote for comparison both at the time you
request a quote
and at
renewal
. You should read their privacy policy for more information on how they carry out these checks (see 5.2.2 for further information).
7.1.3. Where a ‘soft’ credit check is performed as part of our Services they are carried out by the following:
7.1.3.1. if you use our
eligibility checker services
then your information will be shared with
HD
and for secured loans
Qualifi's
(our trusted service providers) and some of our credit card and loans partners including Capital One,  Shawbrook, Admiral, Hastings, Novuna, Lendable, Oakbrook and Zopa. These in turn partner with the following UK credit reference agencies: TransUnion and Experian Ltd (
Experian
) from time to time.  If you use our eligibility services, a credit report will be generated by carrying out a 'soft' credit check.  The ‘soft’ credit checks will be used by HD, Qualifi's and the other partners mentioned above, to match against those partners' own lending criteria. This information will be used to let you know your percentage chances of successfully obtaining a credit card or loan. Note that your credit report will not be provided to you directly and we will not receive it either unless you use our Credit Score Services.  For further information about how your details will be used please see the rest of our Privacy Policy
,
HD’s
and
Qualifi's
and our credit and loan partners own privacy policy and terms and conditions;
7.1.3.2. If you use our
Credit Score Services,
we will pass on your personal information to
TransUnion
and your credit history and related information will be obtained from them. References to “TransUnion” in this Privacy Policy mean TransUnion International UK Limited (company number 0496832), which is part of the TransUnion Information Group.  TransUnion is a credit reference agency authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority under number 737740, whose registered office is at One Park Lane, West Yorkshire, LS3 1EP. Authorisation can be checked on the Financial Services Register at
www.fca.org.uk
. To find out more about TransUnion, please visit
https://www.transunion.co.uk/consumer-solutions/help/credit-reference-agency
.  Any county court judgment information that we give to you is also provided by TransUnion. The Credit Score Services will leave ‘soft’ credit checks, which are visible to you on your credit report but do not show up to other organisations in the same way as a 'hard' check.  For further information about how your information will be used please see the rest of our Privacy Policy and our
Terms and Conditions
. Please also read TransUnion's own
privacy policy
for information about how they obtain, use, and share your personal information;
7.1.3.3. We also use
TransUnion
’s services as part of our identity verification procedures. Please see their separate
Bureau Privacy Notice
for more information about this;
7.1.3.4. If you use the mortgage account number retrieval service available on some of our
Mortgage Journeys
then your mortgage account number will be obtained from
Experian
by carrying out a soft credit check.  Our mortgage channel operator,
Podium
, will pass your information to Experian to enable this service. Please see
Experian’s terms
for more information on how they use your details and you can find Podium’s terms
here
.
7.1.4. Many of our product partners will also carry out checks with credit reference agencies when they generate a quote for comparison both at the time you
request a quote
and at
renewal
. You should read their privacy policy for more information on how they carry out these checks, which will include their selection (as controller) of their own credit reference agencies to use for these purposes.
8.
What are our legal grounds for processing your personal information?
We will only collect and use your personal information in accordance with applicable data protection laws.  Our legal grounds for processing your personal information in the ways described in this Privacy Policy are as follows:
8.1.
Performance of a contract
– In order to provide you with the Services and manage your account we will: (i) share your personal information with or search the websites of our product partners to get you the quotes and/or access information required to provide you with the relevant Service from our third party partners (including our eligibility checker, Credit Score or insurance renewal services, which may result in a ‘soft’ credit search); (ii) process any transaction between you and a third party; (iii) manage, run and administer your account; (iv) send you an automatic confirmation email of your quote when you enter your personal information to receive a quote on our Site; (v) If you apply for an offer or incentive through the Site, we will also use your personal information to assess your eligibility and subject to availability, fulfil the offer or incentive where the eligibility criteria has been met. When we do these activities we are processing your personal information because it is necessary to perform the contract that we have in place with you to provide you with our Services, or to take steps at your request in order to enter into a contract with you.
8.2.
Consent
– We will use and process your personal information where you have told us you are happy for us to process it for a specific purpose(s), for example: (i) through consenting to cookies placed for certain advertising purposes (for more information on our use of cookies, see section 9); and (ii) consenting to conduct certain “audience” based targeting services by social media platform providers (see section 10).
You are able to withdraw your consent at any time (which will not affect the legal basis for the processing prior to your withdrawal of such consent).
8.3.
Legitimate Interests
– We may use and process some of your personal information where the benefits of doing it are not overridden by the interests or fundamental rights or freedoms of individuals. Under UK privacy laws, this is called the “legitimate interests” condition for processing your personal information. Our legitimate interests for processing your personal information are:
8.3.1. to monitor and communicate with you about the Services.  It is in our legitimate interest to keep you informed about your use of the Services in order to improve our Services, for example:
informing you of your annual renewal quotes via your account dashboard (see section 4.1.7 for further information on these services);
if you have logged into our Site or created an account (including through our Apps) and run a car insurance enquiry with us and you confirm that you have the relevant vehicle, we will show you when your car tax, MOT or insurance are due for renewal next time you log in and visit your homepage (see section 7 of our
Terms and Conditions
for further information on these services);
if you have logged into our Site or created an account (including through our Apps) and run an energy enquiry with us, keeping you informed via an account dashboard of energy deals available on the market through a range of suppliers and informing you of the progress of your application to switch energy supplier (see section 9 of our
Terms and Conditions
for further information on these services);
if you have logged into our Site or created an account (including through our Apps) and complete an energy switch with us we will save your application information via YourAccount/Dashboard to enable you to quickly switch energy suppliers when your tariff ends; and
8.3.2.  marketing: to tell you about products, services and insights which we think may be of interest to you, for online advertising (see section 10), to develop marketing content and enhance our marketing strategies. We won't send you marketing communications if you tell us not to;
8.3.3. to personalise and improve our Services, for example, we may undertake analysis and profiling on your personal information to personalise aspects of our service, including to personalise recommendations to you and others on other websites, such as social networks; and to streamline aspects of our service such as address look-up and the pre-population of forms. We constantly aim to improve our Services to you, and using your personal information in this way helps us to do this. We do not consider that these activities would produce legal effects, or have similarly significant effects on you;
8.3.4. for market research, analysis and product improvement, including to produce the customer insight products described at section 4.4.3 which are available to subscribers. These activities help us to regularly review and improve the products and services we or our partners provide. Where possible data that we use/provide in this way will be in an anonymised or pseudonymised format;
8.3.5. to help facilitate the sale or potential sale of all or part of our business. This enables us to achieve our strategic objectives and to enable the long-term commercial success of our company.
You have the right to object to our use of your personal information for these legitimate interests.  If you raise an objection we will stop processing your personal information unless an exemption under UK data protection law applies, in which case we will let you know why we are continuing to process your personal information.  Please contact our Data Request Team at:
datarequest@moneysupermarket.com
if you wish to exercise this right, see section 13 below for further information on your personal information rights.
8.4.
Legal obligation
– We may be required to process your personal information in order to comply with a legal obligation on us; for example, an obligation to disclose the information to a court or regulator, Governmental, compliance or law enforcement agency, or in connection with legal proceedings; or in order to prevent fraud and money laundering, which might involve disclosure to a fraud prevention agency. We may also be required to process certain personal information about you in order to respond to (and verify we are able to respond to) a data subject rights request that you have submitted.
9.
What cookies do we use?
9.1. A cookie is a small text file placed on your computer or device. Cookies help us to:
understand browsing habits on the Site;
respond to you as an individual by tailoring our operations to your needs, likes, and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences;
monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not; and
understand the number of visitors so that we can analyse data about web traffic which helps us improve our Sites.
9.2. For more information on the cookies we use, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
10.
What advertisements do we show on our Site and what online advertising do we use?
10.1.
Advertisements on our Site
- The advertisements that you see displayed on our Site are delivered on our behalf by certain third-party advertising companies. Although cookies may collect personal information about you such as unique identifiers, no personal information that
directly
identifies you, such as your name, address, email address, or telephone number, is used to provide this advertising. In order to display advertising most likely to be relevant to you, these third-party advertisers may place or recognise a unique cookie on your browser, either on different websites that you visit or on our Site. You will be asked to give your opt-in consent to any cookies placed for advertising purposes on our Site before any such cookies are placed, as described in our
Cookie Policy
. It is also possible to block cookies by adjusting your browser settings, as mentioned in our
Cookie Policy
.
10.2. If you would like more information about online advertisements and your choices about how this information may be used by these companies, please click here
http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/your-ad-choices
.
10.3. The Site has also implemented and used Display Advertising using Google Analytics which permits advertisements and remarketing to be served on third-party websites across the internet relating to a search made on the Site. The Site and third parties, including Google, use first-party cookies and third-party cookies to inform, optimise and serve such advertisements. It is also possible to block cookies by adjusting your browser settings, as mentioned in our
Cookie Policy
. You can also opt-out of or customise, these advertisements using the
Google Ads Preferences Manager
.
10.4.
Online Advertisements
- If you consent us contacting you for marketing purposes, we may disclose a de-identified version of your personal information such as your name, telephone number, and email address (we use a process called hashing means that the third party does not receive a plain text version of your personal information to protect your details) to third-party providers including affiliate marketing platforms like AWIN to enable them to display our marketing to you via online streaming services, search engines, or social media sites; or to other users who have similar interests or are from a similar demographic as you. See the Awin privacy policy at
https://www.awin.com/gb/privacy
, which explains how they collect and use your personal information.
11.
How secure is our Site and what steps do we take to keep you safe?
11.1. Your personal information’s security is very important to us. This is why, where it’s appropriate, our Site uses HTTPS to help keep information about you secure. However, no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be totally secure. Certain information, for example, your credit card details, is encrypted to minimise the risk of interception during transit.
11.2. You may complete a registration process when you sign up to use parts of the Site. This may include the creation of a username, password, and/or other identification information. Any such details should be kept confidential by you and should not be disclosed to or shared with anyone. To protect your account, we ask you to choose a strong password to access your information on our Site. A strong password should be lengthy and include a mixture of letters and numbers. Your password can only be reset with access to the email address registered in our system.
11.3. It might sometimes be necessary for us or our suppliers to transfer your personal information outside of the UK either within the European Economic Area (EEA); or outside of the EEA. However, we will only transfer your personal information out of the UK to a jurisdiction which has not been determined by the UK government as being “adequate” for data protection purposes if we have put in place appropriate safeguards and protections as stated under UK law for example by the use of a data-transfer agreement incorporating either the UK’s international data transfer agreement or addendum which have been approved by the UK government in accordance with the UK GDPR and Data Protection Act 2018.
12. How can you amend your preferences?
12.1. Any electronic marketing or communications from MoneySuperMarket services we send you will include clear and concise instructions to follow should you wish to unsubscribe at any time. You may also amend your marketing preferences by accessing your personal details via YourAccount/Dashboard, via the link received in emails, or by emailing us at
datarequest@moneysupermarket.com
.
12.2. To turn off communications from the MoneySuperMarket App, you can go to your MoneySuperMarket App settings or follow the links included at the bottom of the emails you have received (simply deleting the MoneySuperMarket App will not stop these emails).
12.3. To turn off communications from our Credit Score service, please email
creditmonitor@moneysupermarket.com
(simply deleting the App will not stop these emails).
12.4. Should you no longer wish to be contacted by us, you can advise us by contacting our Customers services team on
customerservices@moneysupermarket.com
12.4.1. If you no longer wish to be contacted by partners for marketing purposes, please follow the instructions in their marketing communications, or consult their privacy policies for further information about unsubscribing.
12.5. Please bear in mind that it may take a little while for all marketing to stop once you either tell us you’d like to opt out of marketing or withdraw your consent. Marketing may already be in transit to you, in which case we may not be able to immediately stop it.
12.6. If you would like us to stop processing your personal information with respect to any of the services we are providing to you, please email us at
datarequests@moneysupermarket.com
, specifying that you no longer wish us to provide you with the relevant service or to process your personal information as part of such service.
13. Your personal information rights and how to contact us
13.1. You have certain rights under data protection legislation in relation to the personal information that we hold about you including:
13.1.1.
Right to access
- The right to obtain a copy of the personal information we hold about you. Sometimes this is referred to as a DSAR (data subject access request). We’ll ask you to describe the information you require, as well as letting us know about any other email addresses you’ve used on our Site, to enable us to trace your personal information. Depending on the nature of your request, we may also ask you for your full name, your date of birth, and your full address and documents to allow us to verify your identity. Requests for copies of your personal information will be dealt with within one calendar month, unless your request is complicated or if you have made a large number of requests.  In these circumstances it may take us longer to deal with your request, in which case we will let you know if we need longer than one month to respond;
13.1.2.
Right to correct
- The right to have your personal information rectified if it is inaccurate or incomplete. Requests for us to correct your personal information will be dealt with within one month, unless your request is complicated or if you have made a large number of requests.  In these circumstances, it may take us longer to deal with your request, in which case we will let you know if we need longer than one month to respond. If we believe that your personal information is accurate, we will let you know that that we will not be amending your personal information and why. As mentioned above our product partners will be acting as data controller of any of the personal information that they hold, so we will not be able rectify any such information, you should contact them directly;
13.1.3.
Right to erasure of your information
-
The right to request that we delete or remove your personal information from our systems.  Data protection legislation gives exceptions to this right which, if applicable, we will explain in our response to you;
13.1.4.
Right to restrict our use of your information
- In some circumstances you can  ‘block’ us from using your personal information or limit the way in which we can use it, for example while we investigate a complaint that the personal information we hold about you is inaccurate;
13.1.5.
Right to data portability
- The right to request that we move, copy or transfer your personal information to a specified third party, or to you, in a machine-readable and structured format (e.g. CSV files). There are exemptions – for example, this only applies to personal information which has been provided directly from you, which is held in digital format, and which we process with your consent or to fulfil a contract with you;
13.1.6.
Right to object
- The right to object to our use of your personal information including where we use it for our legitimate interests or where we use your personal information to carry out profiling to inform our market research and customer demographics. If you raise an objection we will stop processing your personal information unless an exemption under UK data protection law applies, in which case we will let you know why we’re continuing to process your personal information;
13.2. To make an enquiry, or exercise any of your rights set out in this Privacy Policy please contact our Data Requests Team by clicking
here
. Alternatively, you can email us at
datarequest@moneysupermarket.com
.
13.3. If you are not satisfied with the way any complaint you make in relation to your personal information is handled by us then you may be able to refer your complaint to the relevant data protection regulator which in the UK is the Information Commissioner’s Office (
ICO
).
13.4. This Privacy Policy shall be governed and construed in all respects in accordance with the laws of England and Wales.
14. How long do we keep your personal information?
14.1. We will only hold your personal information on our systems for the period necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy or until you request it is deleted (unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law).
14.2. Generally, you can expect us to keep your personal information while you use the Site or if you have an active account with us.  Where you have applied for or purchased products or services via the Site we will need to keep your personal information for longer for accounting purposes - up to six (6) years following the date on which it is provided to us.
14.3. If, having registered for any of our Services, you do not use them for a reasonable time (which may vary depending on the Service(s) you’ve registered for) we may contact you to ensure you’re still happy to receive communications from us.
14.4. If one of our product partners processes your personal information in order to provide you with a quote they will be acting as a controller but they should only hold that personal information for so long as is reasonable in relation to providing you with that quote.
14.5. If you purchase a product then the service provider will keep your personal information in accordance with their own retention periods and so you should check their own privacy policy for further information.
14.6. Even if you delete or ask us to delete your personal information it may persist on backup or archival media for legal, tax, or regulatory purposes.
15. Changes to this Privacy Policy
15.1. We reserve the right to amend or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and any changes will be published on the Site. The date of the most recent revision will appear on this page. If we make significant changes to this policy, we may also notify you by other means such as sending you an email.  If you do not agree with any changes please do not continue to use the Site.
Last updated October 2024
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.transunion.co.uk/legal/privacy-centre/pc-bureau:
Legal
>
Privacy Centre
>
TransUnion Bureau Privacy Notice
TransUnion Bureau Privacy Notice
Version: 1.13
Date adopted: 17 July 2024
This privacy notice explains how we use and share personal data in connection with our credit risk and affordability assessments, anti-fraud and anti-money laundering checks, verification, debt tracing services and some of our related services. It also describes your data protection rights, including a right to object to some of the processing which TransUnion carries out. More information about your rights, and how to exercise them, is set out in
section 9
below.
In Brief
At TransUnion, we provide data and data-related services to clients such as banks, credit providers, insurance companies, gambling companies, utility companies, retail companies and others for the purposes set out above (and in more detail at
section 2
below).
Some of our services involve processing data that is highly confidential such as your bank account, credit card or salary details. More information about the data we use can be found in
section 3
.
In providing our services to clients, we may use third party service providers to assist us (a summary of the key providers can be found in the table at
section 6
).
Some of these services involve checking your device information (from your mobile telephone, tablet or laptop for example), which we use to confirm your identity and/or to protect you from becoming a victim of fraud.
We may need to send your details to other countries as part of our services, occasionally outside of the European Union – details are provided at
section 7
.
You have the right to object to our use of your personal data. Please see
section 9
to find out more.
1.
Who are we and how can you contact us?
2.
What do we use personal data for?
3.
What kinds of personal data do we use, and where do we get it from?
4.
How long is the personal data kept for?
5.
What is our legal basis for handling personal data?
6.
Who do we share the personal data with?
7.
Where is the personal data stored and sent?
8.
Is the personal data used to make decisions about you or to profile you?
9.
What are your rights?
10.
Who can you complain to if you are unhappy about the use of your personal data?
1.
WHO ARE WE AND HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US?
About us
We are TransUnion International UK Limited, which is a company registered in England and Wales with company number 03961870. Our trading address and registered office is at One Park Lane, Leeds, West Yorkshire LS3 1EP.
We are part of TransUnion Information Group (TU UK), which has its headquarters at the above address. Some of the members of TU UK are listed in
section 6
below. TU UK forms part of a larger group of companies but this privacy notice only covers the activities of TU UK.
We are a controller of the personal data covered by this privacy notice. This means that we are responsible for ensuring that the personal data is used fairly and lawfully.
Joint controllers
We sometimes act jointly with one or more of the other TU UK companies when making decisions about your personal data. In particular, we make joint decisions when we and another TU UK company are sharing personal data with each other.
Our members of staff work across TU UK group companies so, where our group companies make decisions jointly, those members of staff will ensure that each company involved complies with data protection rules. You can contact our Consumer Services Team if you want to enquire about any of our group companies or exercise any of your rights in respect of your personal data.
Contact details
You can contact us about issues relating to personal data, including the contents of this notice, through our
Consumer Enquiries
page.
Please refer to our
Consumer Contact Privacy Notice
for information about how we will handle your personal data in connection with complaints and enquiries.
2.
WHAT DO WE USE PERSONAL DATA FOR?
This section explains the purposes for which we use personal data about you. More detail about the types of personal data that we might use for these purposes can be found in
section 3
below.
Providing services to the organisation you may be dealing with
We use your personal data to provide services to the organisation you may be dealing with. These services might include, for example, credit risk assessment, affordability assessment for credit and non-credit purposes, customer management, vulnerability management, anti-fraud and anti-money laundering checks, verification services, tenant vetting, staff vetting and tracing for debt collection purposes. We may also use your personal data to provide such services in relation to you in a specific role: for example, where you are acting as guarantor in relation to a personal loan to another individual, or as a director or business owner where the relevant business is applying for a commercial loan.
Examples: credit risk assessment, customer management, identity verification, anti-fraud, tenant vetting, debt tracing
If you have applied for credit from one of our clients, they will send your data to us so that we can find you in our databases and return information about your credit history. They will use that information in order to assess your creditworthiness and decide whether you will be able to repay them.
If you have been given credit by one of our clients, we may be asked to monitor your credit files and send our client an alert if, for example, you receive a court judgment or become insolvent, or where there is a significant deterioration in your repayment behaviour.
If you are registered as having a vulnerability, we may be asked to provide this information to our clients to support credit risk assessments, customer management and overall customer experience purposes, so that they are aware of the presence of a vulnerability and can take appropriate steps in customer management.
If you need to prove your identity to an organisation, they may check the details you provide against the information on our databases or carry out ID document verification and facial biometrics in order to help confirm that you are who you say you are.
If you fill in a form on one of our clients’ websites as part of an onboarding process, we may collect behavioural information about your interactions with such form to alert our clients to potentially fraudulent activity.
When you have dealings with an organisation, for example a bank, they may submit your telephone number, email address, internet protocol (IP) address, bank account and card numbers to us so we can alert them to the possibility of a stolen identity or where there have been past fraud indicators associated with those details.
When you apply for a tenancy, the landlord or letting agent might check some aspects of your financial history (such as any CCJs or bankruptcies) to help them decide whether you would be a suitable tenant and are likely to pay the rent.
If you owe money to one of our clients and have moved without telling them, they may use our services in order to find your new address and other contact details so that they can contact you to arrange repayment.
When you apply for credit (or if you have existing credit), affordability checks using your data can help our clients understand whether you are likely to be able to afford the repayments. Affordability checks can also help our clients assess your eligibility for non-credit products. These checks  help our clients identify individuals who may be financially over-committed and can help prevent  over-indebtedness.
Examples: affordability assessment
Utility companies may perform affordability checks (either at an individual or a household level) to help them understand whether individuals or households applying for financial assistance with bills and/or other payments meet the eligibility criteria to receive it. This helps to ensure that financial assistance is most appropriately directed at financially vulnerable individuals and households.
Gaming organisations may use affordability checks to help identify individuals at risk of gambling-related harm. Our retail clients may use affordability checks to assess the risk that you might not be able to afford non-credit commitments or potential costs related to a product or service. This may help them decide whether they want to offer a particular product or service to you.
Other examples of affordability checks include: an automobile subscription service that may want to assess the likelihood of whether you could afford additional liabilities; or an online marketplace that may want to identify individuals or businesses at risk of not being able to afford to fulfil orders.
We may also process your personal data after services have been provided to our clients if, for example, we need to investigate any issues around the data that has been sent to us, stored by us or if we need to restore our systems in the event of a data loss incident.
More information about how we (and other credit reference agencies) use personal data in these kinds of service can be found in the
Credit Reference Agency Information Notice
.
Providing services to our other clients
We use personal data to provide services to organisations other than the one you are directly dealing with.
Example: fraud alerts
If we receive a large number of identity verification checks against a particular person in a short space of time, this may be an indicator that someone is attempting to commit identity theft or another form of fraud. When this happens, we use that indicator to provide real time fraud alerts to clients who have subscribed to that service.
If you have provided your details to an organisation in order to confirm your identity, we may retain those details and link them to other details we hold about you so that if a fraudster attempts to use some of your details to apply for credit with a different organisation, we can raise a potential fraud alert with that organisation.
We may also provide personal data to public sector bodies (for example police, local and central government) to assist them in carrying out their public duties including: the investigation, prevention and detection of crime and the apprehension and prosecution of offenders; missing persons investigations; the assessment and collection of taxes and other statutory payments including the detection of fraudulent benefit claims; the protection of the public purse; national security and the defence of the realm. Data may include the full electoral register, but only where those public sector bodies are entitled to access that data themselves (for specific, limited purposes) under the relevant legislation.
More information about how we (and other credit reference agencies) use personal data in these kinds of service can be found in the
Credit Reference Agency Information Notice
.
Profiling, statistical analysis and anonymisation
We use, and allow our clients to use, information to carry out profiling of consumers through statistical analysis. This includes the creation, validation and use of scorecards, models, and attributes in connection with the assessment of risks relating to credit, fraud, affordability and debt collection. It is also used in verifying identities, to monitor and predict market trends and to enable clients to refine lending and fraud strategies, and loss forecasting.
This helps us to determine the likelihood that a consumer with certain characteristics will act in a way that will produce certain outcomes; for example, to repay credit, to be able to afford credit, to claim on an insurance policy, to commit fraud, to respond to certain collection strategies or to become insolvent.
Example: fraud models
When you are looking to set up a new account or use new services (for example, signing up to a new credit card, setting up a new online retail account, or renting a new property), our clients may seek to verify your identity to ensure they are dealing with you and not a fraudster. Our modelled data involves mapping your personal information (such as email address, mobile number and bank details) to produce a score that can help predict the likelihood that your information is being used fraudulently and/or that you have been a victim of fraud.
We may also convert your personal data into statistical or aggregated form so that you are not identified or identifiable (thereby creating anonymised data). Anonymised data is not personal data and we may use such data to carry out research and analysis, including to produce statistical research and reports or for any other purposes.
Product or systems development and testing
We sometimes use personal data for demonstrating, developing, improving, monitoring, maintaining and testing our products and systems. This includes making sure that our security measures are working properly. Where possible, we will anonymise, pseudonymise or aggregate the data before doing this.
Consumer queries; legal and regulatory purposes
We may use your personal data for legal and regulatory purposes. For example, this might include responding to complaints or enquiries from you or a regulator about how we have used your personal data.
Examples: legal and regulatory purposes
If you object to us processing your personal data, we will need to use your personal data to assess your request.
If you make a complaint about us to our regulators, they will normally ask us to investigate your case. This will involve accessing your personal data in the course of that investigation.
Similarly, if you start court proceedings against us, we will normally need to review how we have used your personal data in order to defend ourselves against your claim.
3.
WHAT KINDS OF PERSONAL DATA DO WE USE, AND WHERE DO WE GET IT FROM?
When a client uses our services, they will typically send us information such as:
Identifiers (including your name, date of birth, and current and previous addresses). This helps us to match your information to the other information we hold in our databases.
Other information specific to you, for example your telephone number, email address, internet protocol (IP) address, bank account or credit card number.
Information collected from your device(s), such as your device details, location details or details regarding transactions you undertake.
Information collected from you with your consent, such as copies of government-issued ID documents and selfie images. We may derive biometric representations of your facial images from such documents for the purpose of identity verification and authentication.
The purpose for which they are requesting information about you.
Other relevant details such as the nature of your credit application.
When we receive that information, we match it against the other information that we hold (or obtain from third parties) in order to find and return additional information about you. Depending on the service we are providing, this can include information such as your credit history, credit score, any court judgments or insolvency-related events, property ownership data, fraud indicators, financial transaction information provided via open banking, and additional contact details or address history. It can also include similar kinds of information about people who are financially associated with you.
Some of the information we hold about you may include name and address information from the electoral register (or the electoral roll). There are two versions of this. One is known as the open register (or the edited electoral roll) and can be used for a variety of purposes including marketing, tracing (including online directories used to find friends and family), asset reunification and identity verification. The other is the full register which we can only use for limited purposes, including crime prevention. We use and share this data in accordance with The Representation of the People (England and Wales) regulations 2001 (as amended) and equivalent legislation in Scotland, Northern Ireland and the Isle of Man.
More information about the kinds of personal data we hold, and where we get it from, can be found in the
Credit Reference Agency Information Notice
.
4.
HOW LONG IS THE PERSONAL DATA KEPT FOR?
When we receive personal data from a client in order to provide services to them, we will keep a copy of that data for up to fifteen months in order to investigate any data supply or data load issues, restore our systems in the event of a data loss incident, and in order to investigate and respond to any complaints, claims and enquiries that we may receive from consumers, clients or regulators.
We may keep data that has been provided to us for identify verification purposes for up to six years and three months in order to help stop fraudsters – see examples under “Fraud Alerts” in
section 2
above.
Information about how long we keep data in our capacity as a credit reference agency is available in the
Credit Reference Agency Information Notice
.
5.
WHAT IS OUR LEGAL BASIS FOR HANDLING PERSONAL DATA?
This section explains the basis on which we process your personal data.
Legitimate interests
The UK’s data protection law allows the use of your personal data where necessary for legitimate purposes provided that this is not outweighed by the impact it has on you. The law calls this the
“legitimate interests”
condition for processing personal data.
The legitimate interests we are typically pursuing when providing services to our clients are:
Interest
Explanation
Promoting responsible lending and helping to prevent over-indebtedness.
Responsible lending means that lenders only sell products that are affordable and suitable for the borrowers’ circumstances. We help ensure this by sharing personal data about potential borrowers, their financial associates where applicable, and their financial history. We also help to protect consumers by preventing over-indebtedness in other areas, such as online gambling. A comprehensive range of measures exists in the UK to underpin the balance so that the legitimate interests are not outweighed by the interests, fundamental rights and freedoms of individuals. Further explanation about this balance is set out below.
Helping prevent and detect crime and fraud; anti-money laundering; and identity verification
We provide identity, anti-fraud and anti-money laundering services to help clients meet legal and regulatory obligations, and to the benefit of individuals to support identity verification and support of the detection and prevention of fraud and money-laundering.
Supporting tracing and collections
We provide services that support tracing and collections where there is a legitimate interest in the client conducting activity to find its customer and to recover the debt, or to reunite, or confirm an asset is connected with, the right person. We also assist debt collection agencies in predicting, analysing and evaluating the costs of debt recovery to enable them to determine the value of a debt book.
Complying with and supporting compliance with legal and regulatory requirements
We have to comply with various legal and regulatory requirements, and our services also help other organisations comply with their own legal and regulatory obligations. For example, many kinds of financial services are regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority or the Prudential Regulation Authority, who impose obligations to check that financial products are suitable for the people they are being sold to. We provide data to help with those checks. We also use the data to assist our gambling clients to comply with obligations imposed on them by relevant legislation and the Licence Conditions and Codes of Practice (LCCP) published by the Gambling Commission.
Our use of personal data is subject to an extensive framework of safeguards that help make sure that your rights are protected. These include the information you are given about how your personal data will be used and how you can exercise your rights to obtain your personal data, have it corrected or restricted, object to it being processed, and complain if you are dissatisfied. These safeguards help sustain a fair and appropriate balance so that our activities do not compromise your interests, fundamental rights and freedoms.
Necessity for compliance with a legal obligation
We sometimes need to use your personal data in order to comply with a legal obligation that we are under. For example, if you submit a request to us for a copy of your personal data, either directly or through a third party that you have authorised to act on your behalf, we will normally be legally required to provide that personal data. See
section 9
below for details of what requests you can make and how to make them.
6.
WHO DO WE SHARE THE PERSONAL DATA WITH?
Our clients and resale partners
We share personal data with our clients for the purposes described in
section 2
above. Our clients will each have their own privacy notices which will provide more information about how they (specifically) use the data we supply.
Our clients typically operate in the following sectors:
financial services (including banks, loans, credit cards, mortgages, pensions, debt collection agencies and investments and savings providers)
insurance
gaming / gambling
retail (including car sales / leasing and online retailers)
telecoms and utilities
local and central government
police and other law enforcement bodies
marketing agencies acting for other organisations
landlords, letting agents and housing associations
employers
In some cases, our clients may appoint an intermediary to act on their behalf; these intermediaries will often receive the data too. We also appoint data resale partners who will distribute data to their clients in a similar manner to the ways we do.
Our group companies
We may share your personal data among the members of TU UK. If we do so, then use of the data by those companies will be governed by this privacy notice. A list of relevant TU UK companies is set out below, although the list may be updated from time to time.
Group company
Main trading address / registered office
TransUnion Information Group Limited
(company no. 4968328)
One Park Lane, Leeds, West Yorkshire LS3 1EP
TransUnion International UK Limited
(company no. 3961870)
Callcredit Marketing Limited
(company no. 2733070)
We may also share your personal data with other non-UK based companies within the wider TransUnion group. This includes:
TransUnion Information Group Spain SLU
, Avenida de la Industria 18 28760, Tres Cantos, Spain
iovation Inc
, 555 W. Adams St, Chicago, Illinois 60661
TransUnion LLC
, 555 West Adams Street, Chicago, Illinois 60661
TransUnion Global Technology Centre LLP
, 9th Floor, Block 2,DLF IT/ITES Special Economic Zone Shivaji Gardens, Moonlight Stop, Manapakkam Saidapet Tamil Nadu 600089
TransUnion Global Capability Centre Africa (Pty) Ltd
, G floor, 9 & 10 floor,11 Alice Lane, Sandton, 2196, Gauteng, Johannesburg, South Africa 2197
TransUnion Global Capability Center Costa Rica Limitada
, San Jose-Escazu San Rafael, Trejos Montealegre, De Escazu Village, Three Hundred Meters to the West, Banco General Building, Sixth Floor
Service providers
We may provide your information to third parties who help us use it for the purposes described in
section 2
. For example, our databases of personal data may be hosted by third parties on our behalf. More detail is provided below in respect of our key service providers.
Category of service provider
Role performed for TransUnion
Where processing takes place
Customer Identity and Engagement
Validates telephone numbers and confirms possession of mobile devices, to assist with the detection and prevention of fraud or financial crime.
The USA and the Netherlands and, in some cases, Serbia and Lithuania
Authentication and anti-fraud
Uses JavaScript and first and third party cookies to collect device-identifying technical data from users of our clients’ websites or mobile apps. This is in order to identify suspicious and/or high risk devices to assist with the detection and prevention of fraud or financial crime.
The USA
Digital identity and anti-fraud
Validates email and Internet Protocol (IP) addresses to assist with the detection and prevention of fraud or financial crime.
European Union and, in some cases, the USA
Customer identity verification
Uses a government-issued ID document alongside a ‘live’ photographic image to check for fraud indicators.
European Union, the USA and in some cases Israel, the Philippines, Japan and India
Mobile and digital identity authentication
Uses a mobile phone number to check for fraud indicators and cross checks personal data (name, address, date of birth) against data held by Mobile Network Operators (MNOs) to verify consumers’ identities and for the detection and prevention of fraud.
European Union (United Kingdom, Germany, Jersey and Republic of Ireland)
Anti-money laundering checks
Flags individuals who may be politically exposed persons (PEPs) or subject to financial sanctions.
The European Union (Dow Jones)
Identity verification and fraud prevention
Hosting of a model that maps individuals’ personal information (name, address, phone number, email address, bank account and card details) to help detect and prevent fraud.
European Union
Anti-fraud
Uses JavaScript to collect behavioural attributes when end users interact with an online form on our clients’ websites or mobile apps. This is to identify trusted or anomalous behaviour to assist with the detection and prevention of fraud.
The USA
These service providers will not be allowed to use your information for their own purposes unless you have been notified of this purpose or given your consent.
You and your financial associates
You are entitled to obtain copies of the personal data that we hold about you. You can find out how to do this in
section 9
below.
Similarly, your financial associates are also entitled to obtain copies of the personal data that we hold about them.
Other credit reference agency data sharing activities
For a broader description of how we share data in our capacity as a credit reference agency, please refer to the
Credit Reference Agency Information Notice
.
Business transfers
If we sell our business to a third party, or go through a corporate reorganisation, we will transfer personal data to the company that acquires the business.
Regulators and law enforcement
Personal data may be shared with government authorities and/or law enforcement officials if required for the purposes above, if required by law, or if required for the legal protection of our legitimate interests in compliance with applicable laws. For example, we may sometimes need to pass personal data to a regulator such as the Information Commissioner’s Office or the Financial Conduct Authority.
Sharing of anonymised data with third parties
We may share anonymised information with other third parties, but only where the information cannot realistically be identified as relating to you.
7.
WHERE IS THE PERSONAL DATA STORED AND SENT?
Within Europe
We are based in the United Kingdom and will access and use your information from here. However, we also have operations elsewhere in Europe and personal data may be accessed from there too. In these cases, the use of the information in those locations is protected by European data protection standards.
We may also send personal data to some of our service providers or clients who have operations within the European Union.
Elsewhere
We also send information elsewhere in the world. For example:
We make use of TransUnion group service companies (referred to as Global Capability Centres, or GCCs), located in India, South Africa, Costa Rica and the United States. See
section 6
for more details.
When one of our other overseas group companies or branch offices based overseas needs to use the information in accordance with this notice. This may include an overseas group company providing services to their clients for the purposes set out in
section 2
above.
Where we use cloud-based technology or a data centre or backup facility overseas. People in other countries may also need to access that database for purposes such as technical support or system development and testing.
Where our service providers have operations outside the European Union (see the table at
section 6
above).
While the UK and countries within the European Union all ensure a high standard of data protection law, some parts of the world may not provide the same level of legal protection in relation to personal data. As a result, when we do send personal data overseas, we will make sure that suitable safeguards are in place to protect the information when required. For example, these safeguards might include:
Putting in place a contract with the recipient containing terms which have been approved by the authorities as providing a suitable level of protection.
Sending the information to an organisation which is a member of a scheme which has been approved by the authorities as providing a suitable level of protection. One example is the Data Privacy Framework that has been agreed between the UK, European and US authorities.
Encrypting the information (‘scrambling’ or converting it into code which makes it incomprehensible to anyone not authorised to view it) in order to add an additional layer of protection.
If your information has been sent overseas like this, you can obtain further information about the safeguards used by contacting us using the details set out in
section 1
above.
8.
IS THE PERSONAL DATA USED TO MAKE AUTOMATED DECISIONS ABOUT YOU OR TO PROFILE YOU?
Decisions
In almost all cases, we do not use your personal data to make automated decisions about you or to profile you.
We provide data and analytics that help our clients make decisions about lending and other matters (such as preventing fraud or protecting consumers), but our clients’ own data, knowledge, processes and practices will also generally play a significant role in their decisions – and those decisions will always be for them to make.
For example, when we sell our services to credit or loan providers, we do not decide whether or not you should be granted credit or a loan – this is for the lender to decide. Similarly, where we provide information to gambling companies, we do this to help them protect vulnerable consumers or those at risk of becoming overindebted. However, they will ultimately decide how to act upon that information, taking into account their legal and regulatory obligations.
Where our resale partners ask us for a copy of your credit information, we need to verify your identity in order to ensure that your credit information is not given out to fraudsters. This is an automated process and it could result in you being declined access to the services provided by that resale partner if we cannot verify your identity.
Scores and ratings
We use the data we hold to produce credit, risk, fraud, identity, affordability, screening, collection and insolvency scores and credit ratings.
Example: credit scores
If you apply to a bank for a loan, the bank will need to assess your creditworthiness. It will use the information you provide on your form, together with other information it already holds about you (such as how you have managed your previous accounts with that bank), and information obtained from third parties such as credit reference agencies.
We may use the credit reference data we hold to generate a credit score which provides an indication of your creditworthiness. The bank may use the credit score as part of its decision-making. Factors that may affect your credit score include:
How long you have lived at your address.
The number and type of credit agreements you have, and how you use those credit products.
Whether you have been late making payments.
Whether you have had any court judgments made against you.
Whether you have been bankrupt or have had an IVA or other form of debt-related arrangement.
The number of credit-related searches that organisations have made against your credit file, for example when you apply for a loan or credit card, or when a debt collection agency requests information about you.
9.
WHAT ARE YOUR RIGHTS?
You have several different rights in relation to the personal data that we hold about you. These are briefly described below. To enquire about exercising these rights, please use our
Consumer Enquiries
page.
If you are looking for information about your rights in relation to the personal data we hold in our capacity as a credit reference agency, please refer to the
Credit Reference Agency Information Notice
.
Access:
You have a right to find out what personal data we hold about you, and certain other information such as how we are using it. (If you want to see your credit report online, please visit
https://www.transunion.co.uk/consumer-solutions/your-credit-report
.)
Withdrawal of consent:
When we rely on your consent to use your data, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. However, we do not rely on consent for the activities described in this privacy notice.
Objection to direct marketing:
You have the right to object to us using your personal data for direct marketing purposes, including any profiling or similar activities which are performed as a precursor to direct marketing. The activities described in this privacy notice do not include the use of personal data for direct marketing purposes but you have the right to object to us doing so in the future.
Rectification:
If the information that we hold about you is inaccurate or out of date, you have a right to ask us to correct it.
Objection to processing based on legitimate interests:
Where we rely on the legitimate interests legal basis for using your personal data (see
section 5
above), you can object to that use of the data. We will then review and decide the extent to which we can continue to use the data in light of your particular circumstances.
Erasure:
In certain circumstances you can ask us to delete your personal data from our systems. However, this usually won’t apply to all of your data because we might have good reason for needing to keep some of it.
Restriction:
In some circumstances you can ask us to restrict the ways in which we use your personal data.
Portability:
In some circumstances you have the right to receive some limited kinds of information in a portable format. However, this typically does not apply to the data to which this privacy notice applies.
Please refer to our
Consumer Contact Privacy Notice
for information about how we will handle your personal data in connection with complaints and enquiries.
10.
WHO CAN YOU COMPLAIN TO IF YOU ARE UNHAPPY ABOUT THE USE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
We try to ensure that we deliver the best levels of customer service but if you are not happy you should make contact so that we can investigate your concerns. Please contact us through our
Consumer Enquiries
page.
You can also contact our Data Protection Officer at
ukdpo@transunion.com
.
Please refer to our
Consumer Contact Privacy Notice
for information about how we will handle your personal data in connection with complaints and enquiries.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), which is the body that regulates the handling of personal data in the United Kingdom. You can do this online through the ICO’s website at
www.ico.org.uk
, by telephone on 0303 123 1113, or by writing to them at Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, SK9 5AF.
Back to top
By clicking “Accept All” you agree to TransUnion Information Group Limited setting and using cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyse site usage and for marketing purposes. For more information, please see the
TransUnion Information Group Cookie Notice
Cookie Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Your Privacy
Functional Cookies
Performance Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalised web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third-party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources, so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our site.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-policy 1
https://www.transunion.co.uk/legal/privacy-centre?#pc-bureau:
Please enable cookies.
Why have I been blocked?
This website is using a security service to protect itself from online attacks. The action you just performed triggered the security solution. There are several actions that could trigger this block including submitting a certain word or phrase, a SQL command or malformed data.
What can I do to resolve this?
You can email the site owner to let them know you were blocked. Please include what you were doing when this page came up and the Cloudflare Ray ID found at the bottom of this page.
Sub-policy 2
https://www.awin.com/gb/privacy:
Privacy Policy
Below you can find the privacy policies of the Awin Group.
Partners
Website
Vacancies
Consumers
Privacy Policy
Below you can find the privacy policies of the Awin Group.
What does this Privacy Policy do?
We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. The Privacy Policy explains the basis on which personal data we collect from you will be processed by us. Where we decide the purpose or means for which personal data we collect is processed, we are the “data controller.”
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully as it contains important information about the following:
What personal data we may collect about you;
How we will use personal data we collect about you;
Whether we will disclose your details to anyone else; and
Your choices and rights regarding the personal data we process.
Who are we and what do we do?
Awin operates an affiliate marketing platform, which comprises Advertisers and Publishers. Awin’s platform enables Advertisers and Publishers to deal with each other, whereby Publishers promote Advertisers and their Products by displaying Advertisements on the Publisher Website. Consumers which click on an Advertisement are referred from the Publisher Website to the Advertiser Website, where they may make a Transaction. Read our article on
what is affiliate marketing
to learn more.
Who are you and what do you want to know?
We want to get you to the information that is relevant to you as easily as possible. For this purpose, please scroll to the relevant table below or click the relevant category here:
You are a
Publisher or Advertiser
on the Awin Network
You are a
Visitor
on the Awin website
You are
applying for a job
with Awin
You are an
end user
(or consumer), using services by Publishers or Advertisers on the Awin Network
Questions?
We have appointed a data protection officer (DPO) who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this Privacy Policy and the data handling of the Awin Group. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact the DPO using the details set out below:
AWIN AG Data Protection Officer
Otto-Ostrowski-Straße 1A
10249 Berlin
Germany
Global-privacy@awin.com
Advertisers and Publishers
How we use data from Advertisers and Publishers?
Providing our services
We provide our Publishers and Advertisers with an account in our network interface to access our services. You will need to register or apply for an account in order to obtain access to our technologies, therefore we may collect and process such data before you become an advertiser or publisher in order to process such application. We will collect all data which has been provided by you (both via the interface or otherwise), this will likely include your name, (company) address, telephone number and email address.
We may collect information on the device you are using to enter our interface pages such as your IP address, operating system and browser of your device.
We will use such information for providing and/or making our services available under the terms of use of our services (including facilitating relationships between our partners, whether advertisers and publishers and/or third-party technology partners engaged by those parties) or in the pursuit of our legitimate interest of the proper administration of our business.
Marketing to you or your company
If you are an Advertiser or Publisher on our network or a potential client of ours we use various forms of marketing to provide you with promotional materials about our services or those of advertisers and publishers operating on our network. We may process contact information that you provide to us (either via our website, through business cards, at events/conferences, through third parties, or through use of our services) for the purposes of marketing in accordance with our legitimate interests to promote our business. You can always request to be removed from the mailing lists by unsubscribing at the bottom of any marketing email.
We use Salesforce
Marketing Cloud Account Engagement (“Pardot”), Salesforce Inc and its affiliate entities, Salesforce Tower, 415 Mission Street, 3rd Floor, San Francisco, CA 9410,
USA
,
for sending
marketing
emails and newsletters
.
Pardot’s
privacy policy can be found
here
.
We further use "MailChimp", a newsletter platform, to send newsletters. The e-mail addresses of our newsletter recipients, as well as further data described in the context of this information, are being stored on the servers of MailChimp in the USA. MailChimp uses this information to send out and evaluate the newsletters on our behalf. In addition, MailChimp can use this data to optimise or improve its own services, e.g. for the technical optimisation of the dispatch and the presentation of the newsletter. However, MailChimp does not use the data of our email recipients to contact them independently or transfer data to other third parties.
Mailchimp's privacy policy can be found
here
.
Some advertisers may also use GetResponse to contact publishers regarding offers and promotions.  The GetResponse privacy policy can be found
here
.
Improving and optimising usability for you and others
Our network interface uses cookies and other mechanisms, to collect analytical information to help analyse how the interface is used. We process this information to improve our understanding and to compile statistical reports regarding that activity. This information is not used by us to develop a personal profile of you.
Google will receive hashed email addresses as part of their tracking which we have implemented on
awin.com
. We use Google Analytics on our website for reporting of website usage. Pseudonymised data, such as your hashed email addresses, may be forwarded to Google Analytics. Please note that Awin is not responsible for the processing of your personal data by Google. If you wish to read more about how Google may process your personal data, please visit their
Privacy Policy
. If you wish to opt-out of Google Analytics monitoring your behaviour on our website please use this link:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
.
Please find some general information on cookies
here
. Cookies on our interface are listed
here
.
How do we use data to administer our business?
We process personal data for the legitimate interests of ensuring that the use of our services is lawful and non-fraudulent, does not disrupt the operation of our services, does not harass our staff or other individuals, and to enforce our legal rights and comply with our legal obligations.
Where we reasonably believe that you are or may be in breach of any of the applicable laws, we may use your personal data to inform relevant third parties such as your email/internet provider or law enforcement agencies.
With whom do we share your personal data?
Partners on the Awin network: Your personal data may be shared to the extent necessary for us to facilitate partnerships on our network (i.e. between advertisers and publishers and/or third-party technology partners engaged by those parties).
Group members
, personnel, service providers: We keep your
personal data
confidential, but
disclose
it to our group members, our personnel,
suppliers
or subcontractors
insofar as
it is
reasonably necessary
for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. However, this is on the basis that they do not make independent use of the
personal
data
, and
have agreed to safeguard it. Activities which are carried out by third party service providers include: CRM management softwar
e
,
email marketing services (
Pardot,
MailChimp
or
GetResponse
),
website hosting, website analytics
, payment services
, artificial
intelligence,
and IT support.
Merger or acquisition: If we are involved in a merger, acquisition or sale of all or a portion of our assets, you will be notified via email, our user interface and/or a prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership or uses of personal data, as well as any choices you may have regarding this.
Required by law:
In addition, we disclose your
personal data
to the extent that we are required to do so by law (e.g. to government bodies and law enforcement agencies); in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings; and in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing
personal data
to others for the purposes of fraud prevention).
Enforcement:
We
disclose
your personal
data
to third parties
in order to
enforce or apply the terms of agreements, to investigate potential breaches or to protect the rights,
property
or safety of Awin, our customers or others.
How do we keep your data safe?
We will take appropriate technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal data.
Please be aware that, although we endeavour to provide security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
For how long do we keep your data?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
What rights do you have in respect of your data?
We will honour your rights under applicable data protection laws. These rights are not absolute and they do not always apply in all cases. You may:
request access to your personal data and information related to our use and processing of your personal data;
request the correction or deletion of your personal data;
request that we restrict our use of your personal data;
request a machine-readable copy of your personal data or that your personal data be transferred to other IT systems;
object to the processing of your personal data; and/or
withdraw your consent to our use of your personal data at any time where we rely on your consent to use or process that personal data.
Please send your requests to
global-privacy@awin.com
.
If you are unhappy with the way we are processing your personal data, please let us know by contacting us. If you do not agree with the way we have processed your data or responded to your concerns, you can submit a complaint to a Data Protection Supervisory Authority.
Do we transfer data outside of the UK/EEA?
We are established in the
following countries
and in the course of business we may transfer personal data to other entities in our group in those countries. We also transmit your data to our subcontracted service providers, both in and out of the EU.
Where we transfer your personal data to entities in our group or service providers in countries which have not been deemed to have an adequate level of protection under an adequacy decision of the EU Commission, we have put in place specific contracts containing the latest version of the EU Commission’s standard contractual clauses (the “SCCs”) to ensure that your personal data is treated by all parties in a way that is consistent with and which respects laws on data protection, in particular the GDPR.
If you require further information about these protective measures, please contact
global-privacy@awin.com
.
What happens when we make changes to this Privacy Policy?
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new policy here and, where feasible, by letting you know by email.
Awin Website Visitors
How we use data from visitors of our website?
To address your enquiries
If you contact us about our services, the forms you complete or the emails you send may include information about you, such as your name, your email address and your enquiry.
In line with the legitimate interest we have in promoting and operating our business, we will process your enquiries to reply and provide you with information about the services we offer.
To send you news and updates
If you ask to be added to our mailing list, we will keep you updated with information on news by email unless you would like to be removed from that list (in which case please let us know by clicking unsubscribe at the bottom of any marketing email that you receive).
We use Salesforce Marketing Cloud Account Engagement (“Pardot”), Salesforce Inc and its affiliate entities, Salesforce Tower, 415 Mission Street, 3rd Floor, San Francisco, CA 9410, USA, for sending marketing emails and newsletters.
Pardot’s privacy policy can be found
here
.
For the sending of newsletters, we further use "MailChimp", a newsletter platform. The e-mail addresses of our newsletter recipients, as well as further data described in the context of this information, are being stored on the servers of MailChimp in the USA. MailChimp uses this information to send out and evaluate the newsletters on our behalf. In addition, MailChimp can use this data to optimize or improve its own services, e.g. for the technical optimization of the dispatch and the presentation of the newsletter. However, MailChimp does not use the data of our email recipients to contact them independently or transfer data to third parties.
MailChimp's privacy policy can be found
here
.
Social plugins
Awin participates in and markets via social networks and has implemented certain social plugins on our websites. All social media plugins are used in the pursuit of our legitimate interest of marketing our business and communicating with our business partners and the public.
Visitors wishing to avoid connecting to plugins used on our websites can install privacy-enhancing browser plugins, such as Ghostery (
https://www.ghostery.com/
), NoScript (
https://noscript.net/
) or DoNotTrackMe (
https://www.abine.com/index.html
).
When you enter a page on our website that contains a social network plugin, your browser or app will establish a direct connection to the social network’s servers. The information that your browser has visited the Awin page will be transmitted to the social network, even if you do not have an account with that social network or are not logged into your account. If you are logged in to your account at the same time, a page impression may be assigned to your profile there.
Our website connects to the following social networks:
Facebook, see
Facebook’s Data Privacy Policy
Twitter, see
Twitter’s Privacy Policy
LinkedIn, see
LinkedIn's Privacy Policy
Disqus, see
Disqus Privacy Policy
YouTube, see
Youtube’s Privacy policy
Website Analytics
We use Google Analytics on our website for anonymous reporting of website usage.  If you would like to opt-out of Google Analytics monitoring your behaviour on our website please use this link:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
.
Website chat functionality
We have a live chat functionality in order to provide you with further information on Awin’s services following-up your enquiry and upon your consent. The personal data collected in the course of this chat function are the following: name, email address, website URL. We use Salesforce for this chat functionality including Sneak Peak. You may find Salesforce’s Privacy Policy
here
. The consent you provide for this service can be withdrawn at any time via
global-livechat@awin.com
.
How do we use data to administer our business?
We process personal data for the legitimate interests of ensuring that use of our services is lawful and non-fraudulent, does not disrupt the operation of our services, does not harass our staff or other individuals, and to enforce our legal rights and comply with our legal obligations.
Where we reasonably believe that you are or may be in breach of any of the applicable laws, we may use your personal data to inform relevant third parties such as your email/internet provider or law enforcement agencies about the content.
With whom do we share your personal data?
Group members
, personnel, service providers: We keep your personal data confidential, but disclose it to our group members, our personnel, suppliers or subcontractors insofar as it is reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. However, this is on the basis that they do not make independent use of the personal data, and have agreed to safeguard it. Activities which are carried out by third party service providers include: CRM management software (Pardot, MailChimp), website hosting, website analytics and IT support.
Merger or acquisition
: If we are involved in a merger, acquisition or sale of all or a portion of our assets, you will be notified via email, account message and/or a prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership or uses of personal data, as well as any choices you may have regarding this personal data.
Required by law
: In addition, we disclose your personal data to the extent that we are required to do so by law (e.g. to government bodies and law enforcement agencies); in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings; and in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention).
Enforcement
: We disclose your personal data to third parties in order to enforce or apply the terms of agreements, to investigate potential breaches or to protect the rights, property or safety of Awin, our customers or others.
How do we keep your data safe?
We will take appropriate technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal data.
Please be aware that, although we endeavour to provide security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
For how long do we keep your data?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
What rights do you have in respect of your data?
We will honour your rights under applicable data protection laws. These rights are not absolute and they do not always apply in all cases. You may:
request access to your personal data and information related to our use and processing of your personal data;
request the correction or deletion of your personal data;
request that we restrict our use of your personal data;
request a machine-readable copy of your personal data or that your personal data be transferred to other IT systems;
object to the processing of your personal data; and/or
withdraw your consent to our use of your personal data at any time where we rely on your consent to use or process that personal data.
Please send your requests to
global-privacy@awin.com
.
If you are unhappy with the way we are processing your personal data, please let us know by contacting us. If you do not agree with the way we have processed your data or responded to your concerns, you can submit a complaint to a Data Protection Supervisory Authority.
Do we transfer data outside of the UK/EEA?
We are established in the
following countries
and in the course of business we may transfer personal data to other entities in our group in those countries. We also transmit your data to our subcontracted service providers, both in and out of the EU.
Where we transfer your personal data to entities in our group or service providers in countries which have not been deemed to have an adequate level of protection under an adequacy decision of the EU Commission, we have put in place specific contracts containing the EU Commission’s standard contractual clauses (the “SCCs”) to ensure that your personal data is treated by all parties in a way that is consistent with and which respects laws on data protection, in particular the GDPR.
If you require further information about these protective measures, please contact
global-privacy@awin.com
.
What happens when we make changes to this Privacy Policy?
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new policy here.
Job Applicants
How we use personal data from job applicants?
As part of any recruitment process, we collect and process personal data relating to job applicants. Such personal data may include:
your name, address and contact details, including email address and telephone number;
your CV or resume with details of your qualifications, skills, experience and employment history;
information about your salary expectations and notice period;
information about your eligibility and right to work in a certain location;
any additional personal data that you may share during the recruitment process.
We may collect this personal data directly from you via the application form and the CV or resume that you are required to attach when submitting your application or through interviews and other forms of assessment. In the context of headhunting activities via LinkedIn, Women in Tech or other recruiting platform, the personal data is directly provided from you to Awin’s personel.
We process your personal data to perform pre-contractual measures taken upon your request to evaluate your application, confirm your suitability for employment, and communicate with you in the recruitment process.
Where we reasonably believe that you are or may be in breach of any of the applicable laws, we may use your personal data to inform relevant third parties such as your email/internet provider or law enforcement agencies about the content.
With whom do we share your personal data?
Group members
, personnel, processors or service providers: We keep your personal data confidential, but disclose it to our group members, our personnel, processors or service providers insofar as it is reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. However, this is on the basis that they do not make independent use of the personal data and have agreed to safeguard it.
Processors/service providers: the application form to apply for vacancies within the Awin Group is powered by an iFrames from Greenhouse. You can find further information on how Greenhouse processes your personal data on behalf of Awin on its privacy policy:
https://www.greenhouse.io/de/privacy-policy
.
Merger or acquisition
: If we are involved in a merger, acquisition or sale of all or a portion of our assets, you will be notified via email, account message and/or a prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership or uses of personal data, as well as any choices you may have regarding this personal data.
Required by law
: In addition, we disclose your personal data to the extent that we are required to do so by law (e.g. to government bodies and law enforcement agencies); in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings; and in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention).
Enforcement
: We disclose your personal data to third parties in order to enforce or apply the terms of agreements, to investigate potential breaches or to protect the rights, property or safety of Awin, our customers or others.
How do we keep your personal data safe?
We will take appropriate technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal data.
Please be aware that, although we endeavour to provide security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
For how long do we keep your personal data?
We will only retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
Your personal data collected as part of your recruitment process will be retained for 6 months following the notification on an unsuccessful application, for the purpose of complying with applicable legal obligation.
If you have provided your consent to further processing, your personal data will be retained for additional 12 months to consider your application and get in contact with for future job vacancies.
In case of a successful application, your personal data will be retained as part of your personnel records and subsequent employee data retention periods will apply.
What rights do you have in respect of your personal data?
We will honour your rights under applicable data protection laws. These rights are not absolute, and they do not always apply in all cases. You may:
request access to your personal data and information related to our use and processing of your personal data;
request the correction or deletion of your personal data;
request that we restrict our use of your personal data;
request to receive a machine-readable copy of your personal data and transfer it to other IT systems;
withdraw your consent to our use of your personal data at any time where we rely on your consent to use or process that personal data.
Please send your requests to
global-privacy@awin.com
.
If you are unhappy with the way we are processing your personal data, please let us know by contacting us. If you do not agree with the way we have processed your personal data or responded to your concerns, you can submit a complaint to an EU Supervisory Authority.
Do we transfer personal data outside of the UK/EEA?
We are established in the
following countries
and in the course of business we may transfer personal data to other entities in our group in those countries. We also transmit your personal data to our subcontracted service providers which are located both within and outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
Where we transfer your personal data to entities in our group or service providers in countries which have not been deemed to have an adequate level of protection under an adequacy decision of the EU Commission, we have put in place specific contracts containing the EU Commission’s standard contractual clauses (the “SCCs”) to ensure that your personal data is processed by all parties in a way that is consistent with and which respects applicable data protection laws, in particular the GDPR.
If you require further information about these safeguard measures, please contact
global-privacy@awin.com
.
What happens when we make changes to this Privacy Policy?
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new policy here and, where feasible, by letting you know by email.
Awin Consumers
How do we use data from end users?
Awin primarily uses end user data for the purpose of tracking an end user from a Publisher to an Advertiser. Tracking enables Awin and ShareASale to see that an end user has visited a publisher's service, found a product/service, and clicked the link to be taken to the advertiser's service to review or purchase the product/service.
The purpose of tracking is to attribute sales and marketing effort by a Publisher to a particular transaction, to enable Advertisers to reward Publishers on a per transaction basis. Tracking also allows Awin to provide Publishers and Advertisers with related reports. The majority of these reports contain only aggregated statistical data.
Awin doesn’t know who the end user is, simply that the same end user started their journey with the Publisher and completed it with the Advertiser and that the affiliate marketing campaign was therefore successful in respect of that end user.
By maintaining a limited user profile which does not reveal an end user’s name or identity, Awin can also understand an end user journey when it starts on one device, and ends on a different device. Through this functionality, Awin can understand whether a referral is commenced on one device and completed on another device. The profile is only used to attribute sales and marketing effort to a Publisher, even if the end user has changed devices before completing a transaction.
Awin permits Publishers to enquire as to whether an action by a user ought to have generated a commission for that Publisher. This necessitates the sharing of information, between Publishers and Advertisers. Advertisers use the information provided by Publishers to verify against their own records. Awin enables this data sharing and the payment of any commission due to the Publisher as a result.
How do we collect data from end users?
The main technologies used for Awin’s tracking are Tracking Domain Cookies, Journey Tags and Device Fingerprinting.
Awin Tracking Domain Cookies
: These are cookies served by Awin’s own domain when an end user clicks on an advertisement displayed by a Publisher. We use this information to understand which end users are referred by which Publishers to which Advertiser. Please find some general information on cookies
here
. Our tracking cookies are listed
here
.
Advertiser Journey Tag
: This is JavaScript code integrated into the Advertiser’s service to enable Awin to receive transactional information from Advertisers. Awin uses this information to record, validate and report the completion of transactions, for the purposes of apportioning commissions to Publishers.
Fingerprinting
: This is a method by which Awin can uniquely identify a device by considering certain attributes of the browser or the device (incl. screen size/resolution and user configurations).
What data do we collect from end users?
We take care to collect only the data that we need. The majority of the data Awin uses is machine generated. It lets us single out a person but it does not reveal who that person is. We do not use this data to make predictions or evaluations of users’ interest or personalities.
Awin is one part of the affiliate marketing ecosystem (see our Agreement with Advertisers and Publishers below) and does not always have absolute control over the personal data that it receives from users, Publishers or Advertisers.
Awin participates in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with its Specifications and Policies. Awin’s identification number within the framework is: 907.
Awin stores an individual sequence of figures in respect of a transaction that does not reveal the name of a particular end user and contains information on the Advertiser’s campaign, the Publisher, the end user action (i.e. a click or a view and in which country it occurred), and the device that is used.
Awin also receives limited transactional information via the Journey Tag, to confirm that a transaction has occurred and carry out accurate commission allocating, billing and reporting. Such information includes the order value, whether a voucher has been used, product type, and sales channel.
Awin's data processing activities relating to end user data, do not require the direct identification of an individual and therefore Awin mostly holds what is known as “pseudonymous” data in this respect. Pseudonymisation is privacy-enhancing. It is the separation of data from direct identifiers so that data can no longer be attributed to a specific individual without the use of additional information. Pseudonymisation, therefore, reduces the risks associated with data processing, while also maintaining the data’s utility.
Does Awin have legitimate interest in using data?
We have carried out a balancing test and have identified legitimate interest as a basis for processing user data for the purposes set out in this section of the Privacy Policy.
When assessing Awin’s reliance on legitimate interest, the interests of the full affiliate ecosystem were considered. A balancing test was carried out and it was confirmed that tracking carries a low risk of undue negative impact on the end user’s interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. Legitimate interests are not limited to the interests of Awin, but can be legitimate interests of a third party or to society as a whole. In the context of our service, we consider that:
Advertisers have an interest in carrying on an online advertising campaign, paid for on a performance basis, whereby third party referrers of customers or potential customers of the Advertiser are compensated for referrals which generate revenue for the Advertiser or which undertake another act desired by the Advertiser.
Publishers have an interest in monetising their content, services or other aspects of the Publisher website by generating advertising revenue which is paid on a performance basis.
Advertisers and publishers have an interest in obtaining reports relevant to their respective business revenue generation.
Awin has an interest in operating an affiliate marketing platform, and to provide technology, services and reporting, in return for payment from Advertisers.
Awin, Advertisers, Publishers and society at large have an interest in preventing fraud, misuse of services, or money laundering.
What is our arrangement with Publishers and Advertisers on our network?
Awin's affiliate marketing network connects Advertisers and Publishers, as well as third-party technology partners in some instances, so that they can work together to run affiliate marketing campaigns.
In running the campaign each party plays their part in pursuing the common purposes and each party can make certain decisions about the way data is used.
Awin contractually requires that participation in its network is compliant with data protection law and that participants each fulfil their obligations to respond to requests to exercise data subject rights. You can approach each party, if you intend to exercise your rights in respect of the data which that party controls.
Awin works with these
Advertisers
. For guidance on how to make a request to a Publisher or an Advertiser, please check their respective privacy notices. For more information of how to make a request to Awin, “What rights do you have in respect of user data” below.
For how long do we keep end user data?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
As a general rule, Awin retains tracking data for 36 months after collection.
What rights do you have in respect of user data?
We will honour your rights under applicable data protection laws. These rights are not absolute and they do not always apply in all cases. If you wish to make a request in respect of your user data, as described in this section of the Privacy Policy, please contact
global-privacy@awin.com
You may:
request access to your personal data and information related to our use and processing of your personal data;
request the correction or deletion of your personal data;
request that we restrict our use of your personal data;
request a machine-readable copy of your personal data or that your personal data be transferred to other IT systems;
object to the processing of your personal data ; and
withdraw your consent to our use of your personal data at any time where we rely on your consent to use or process that personal data.
Please note that, as described under “What data do we collect from users?”, Awin mostly holds what is known as “pseudonymous” data in respect of users. Pseudonymisation means that we may not be in a position to identify the individual behind the data we hold and that we therefore cannot provide them with access, rectification, erasure or data portability without the provision of additional data (for example your IP address, or device ID).
How do we use data to administer our business?
We process personal data for the legitimate interests of ensuring that use of our services is lawful and non-fraudulent, does not disrupt the operation of our services, does not harass our staff or other individuals, and to enforce our legal rights and comply with our legal obligations.
Where we reasonably believe that you are or may be in breach of any of the applicable laws, we may use your personal data to inform relevant third parties such as your email/internet provider or law enforcement agencies about the content.
With whom do we share your personal data?
Partners on the Awin network:
Your personal data may be shared to the extent necessary for us to provide our services (i.e. to advertisers and publishers and/or third-party technology partners engaged by those parties).
Group members
, personnel, service providers: We keep your personal data confidential, but disclose it to our group members, our personnel, suppliers or subcontractors insofar as it is reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. However, this is on the basis that they do not make independent use of the personal data, and have agreed to safeguard it. Activities which are carried out by third party service providers include: CRM management software (Pardot, MailChimp), website hosting, [website analytics] and IT support.
Merger or acquisition
: If we are involved in a merger, acquisition or sale of all or a portion of our assets, you will be notified via email, account message and/or a prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership or uses of personal data, as well as any choices you may have regarding this personal data.
Required by law
: In addition, we disclose your personal data to the extent that we are required to do so by law (e.g. to government bodies and law enforcement agencies); in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings; and in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention).
Enforcement
: We disclose your personal data to third parties in order to enforce or apply the terms of agreements, to investigate potential breaches or to protect the rights, property or safety of Awin, our customers or others.
How do we keep your data safe?
We will take appropriate technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal data.
Please be aware that, although we endeavour to provide security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Do we transfer data outside of the UK/EEA?
We are established in the
following countries
and in the course of business we may transfer personal data to other entities in our group in those countries. We also transmit your data to our subcontracted service providers, both in and out of the EU.
Where we transfer your personal data to entities in our group or service providers in countries which have not been deemed to have an adequate level of protection under an adequacy decision of the EU Commission, we have put in place specific contracts containing the EU Commission’s standard contractual clauses (the “SCCs”) to ensure that your personal data is treated by all parties in a way that is consistent with and which respects laws on data protection, in particular the GDPR.
If you require further information about these protective measures, please contact
global-privacy@awin.com
.
What happens when we make changes to this Privacy Policy?
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new policy here.
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyse site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookies Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Privacy Preference Centre
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalised web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Social Media Cookies
These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label