Privacy Policy
This privacy policy governs your use of the software applications for mobile devices that have been created by Lemondo LLC. The Applications may use part of accessible information to operate with full functionality.
While some applications might not require access to the following data, the rules are general and are applicable to all applications according to their functionality.
Furthermore, the word Application means a mobile product created and/or published by Lemondo LLC.
Automatically Collected Information
The Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the Application.
In some cases the Application may require permission to use location services. The permission is granted based on user's confirmation on a special dialog window;
We may request access to user's photo album in order to make changes on existing photo and/or to save the final images/content generated through the app; The action is performed within the special confirmation GUI window inside the app and will not be done unless user clicks the relevant button.
We may request to send push notification to keep user's informed about the products and critical updates; Push Notification Permission window is built inside the mobile operating system and can not be granted unless the user clicks the relevant button.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
We are not transferring the collected information to third parties. The data is used solely by Lemondo LLC.
We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
As required by advertising companies, from our app they need device's IP and serial number to localize their advertisement and show relevant ads  for users
;
As required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
When we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
What are my opt-out rights?
You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.  Uninstalling the application will automatically cancel the data collection process and only the past information may be maintained for a reasonable time.
Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
We will retain User Provided data for as long as you use the Application and for a reasonable time thereafter. Please contact us at
privacy@lemondo.com
and we will respond in a short time. Please note that some or all of the User Provided Data may be required in order for the Application to function properly.
Children
All our apps are restricted regarding users age by stores and/or channels.  Relevant notification is shown up by the distribution channel prior to installing the software.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy
www.lemondo.com/privacy
.
You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at
privacy@lemondo.com