INFLTR PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated: 2 May 2022
Welcome to infltr - the camera app with infinite filters (“
we
,” “
us
” or “
our
”).
These Terms of Service (“
Terms
”) apply to your access and use of the mobile application (the “
App
”), website (“
Site
”), and other online products and services (collectively, the “
Service
”) of infltr.
ACCEPTING THESE TERMS
BY DOWNLOADING THE APP OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING OR USING THE SERVICE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ALL OF THE TERMS BELOW.
Please read all of the
terms
before you use the Service. If a term does not make sense to you, please let us know. If you don’t agree to all of the terms below, you may not use the Service.
MODIFICATIONS
We reserve the right to change these Terms from time to time. For example, we may need to change these Terms if we come out with a new feature. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy and, in some cases, we will provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our homepage or sending you an email notification). We encourage you to review these Terms periodically to stay informed about our practices.
Whenever we make changes to these Terms, they are effective when the revised Terms are posted unless we notify you otherwise. If you continue to use the Service after the revised Terms have been posted, then you will be deemed to have accepted the changes to these Terms.
DESCRIPTION OF SERVICE
Through the App, you can apply infinite filters over the camera view using touch interaction before you take a picture. Images can be saved to your camera roll, and shared via Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy explains how we collect, use and disclose information about you when you use our mobile application (the “
App
”), our website (the “
Site
”) and other online products and services that link to this privacy policy (collectively, the “
Service
”) or when you otherwise interact with us. By using the Service, you consent to our collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this privacy policy.
MODIFICATIONS
We may change this privacy policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy and, in some cases, we will provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our homepage or sending you an email notification). We encourage you to review the privacy policy periodically to stay informed about our practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
DELETION OF DATA AND ARCHIVING OBLIGATIONS
The data we process will be deleted or its processing restricted in accordance with the GDPR. Unless expressly stated within the scope of this privacy policy, the data stored by us will be deleted as soon as it is no longer required for its intended purpose and the deletion does not conflict with any statutory retention obligations. If the data is not deleted because it is required for other and legally permissible purposes, its processing will be restricted. I.e. the data is blocked and not processed for other purposes. This applies, for example, to data that must be retained for reasons of commercial or tax law.
You can also mail us at
hello@infltr.com
requesting data deletion, and we will delete your personal data within 1 business day.
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
Information We Collect Automatically When You Use the Service
When you access or use our app, we automatically collect certain information about you. This information includes:
Log Information:
We log anonymised information about your use of the app, including the type of device you use, access times, filter choice, whether you use the front or back camera, camera orientation and location information. We anonymise this information by hashing it and use the data purely for analytic and product improvement purposes. The information about your pictures is always associated anonymously to the device.
Device Information:
We collect anonymised information about the mobile device you use to access our app, including the hardware model, operating system and version, unique device identifiers and mobile network information. We use this anonymised information for analytic and product improvement purposes.
Location Information:
We collect anonymised information about the location of your device each time you access or use the app. For more details, please see “Your Choices” below.
When you use our app, we never save or retain the pictures you take. These remain stored on your device and are only accessible by you - unless you share them via another means (email, message, cloud storage, Facebook, Instagram, Twitter etc.)
If you log in with your Facebook account in the app, we save the following information:
your name, your profile picture, friend list, birthday and gender
the number of pictures you have taken but not the pictures
we associate this information with your infltr account so we can deliver more customised filters and services to you
We are not able to and will never post to your Facebook account.
USE OF INFORMATION
We do not use any cookies or tracking technologies, apart from anonymised GPS tracking when you take a picture using the app. We may use anonymised information about you for various purposes, including to:
Provide, deliver, maintain, test and improve our Service;
Send you technical notices, updates, confirmations, security alerts and support and administrative messages;
Respond to your comments, questions and requests and provide customer service;
Communicate with you about products, services, offers, promotions, rewards and events and provide news and information we think will be of interest to you;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our app and improve and personalize the Service;
Detect, investigate and prevent any suspected breaches of our Terms of Service; and
Link or combine with information we get from others to help understand your needs and provide you with better service; and
Connect you with other users in your contacts.
STORAGE OF INFORMATION
We take reasonable measures to protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction, but we cannot guarantee that our system is infallible.
infltr is based in the UK, and the information we collect is governed by U.K. law. By accessing or using the Service or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the processing and transfer of information in and to the U.K. and other countries.
SHARING OF INFORMATION
We may share anonymised data about our users as follows or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy:
With vendors, consultants and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work on our behalf;
In response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with any applicable law, regulation or legal process, or as otherwise required by any applicable law, rule or regulation;
If we believe your actions are inconsistent with the spirit or language of our user agreements or policies, or to protect the rights, property and safety of infltr or others;
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of infltr’s assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company; and
With your consent or at your direction, including if we notify you through the Service that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information.
We may also share aggregated or anonymized information that does not directly identify you.
Note that if you choose to include information about you in the images you create with infltr and share such images on other social platforms such as Facebook and Instagram, such information will be shared with others. Also, please note that if you choose to share infltr images through a third party, such as Facebook, Twitter or an email client, any further collection and sharing of that information by such third party or its users will be governed by that third party’s privacy policy, and we cannot control what any third party does with any information that is shared with third parties.
INTERNATIONAL USERS
infltr is based in the U.K. and the information we collect is governed by U.K. law. By accessing or using the Service or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the processing and transfer of information in and to the U.K. and other countries.
Information shared in accordance with this privacy policy may be disclosed to overseas recipients located in the United States, Canada, the European Union, Australia and New Zealand and other countries. This may include disclosures to overseas recipients outside of the European Economic Area, including countries that do not have laws that protect personal information in the same manner as countries within the European Economic Area.
ANALYTICS SERVICE
We may allow third parties to provide analytics services to us in order to learn from our users and improve the Service we provide. These entities may collect information about your use of the Service, device information, location information, time spent in app, and conversion information. This information may be used by us and others to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content and better understand our users activity.
SECURITY
inftr takes reasonable measures to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
Please do your part to ensure security. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your account information, and for controlling access to your device. Your privacy settings may also be affected by changes the social media services you connect to Instagram make to their services. We are not responsible for the functionality, privacy, or security measures of any other organization.
YOUR CHOICES
Account Information
If you wish to delete your account, follow the instructions on the App Store or device. Note that we may retain certain information as required by law or for legitimate business purposes as may be necessary to fulfill the purposes identified in the privacy policy. We may also retain cached or archived copies of anonymised information about you for a certain period of time.
Cookies
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your web browser to remove or reject browser cookies. Removing or rejecting browser cookies does not necessarily affect third party flash cookies used in connection with our website.
Push Notifications and Alerts
With your consent, we may send push notifications or alerts to your mobile device. You can deactivate these messages at any time by changing the notification settings on your mobile device.
Promotional Communications
If you have given your email address via our website or other communications, you may receive promotional communications from infltr. To opt out, follow the instructions in those communications. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations.
Geolocation Information
When you first launch the App, you will be asked to consent to our use of location information. We require this location information in order for the Service to function as designed.
If you consent to our collection of location information, you may subsequently stop the collection of this location information at any time by pausing location tracking from within the application’s settings menu, or by changing the location preferences on your mobile device. However, if you stop the collection of this location information, you will not receive the full benefit of the Service.
If you consent to our collection of location information and you do not subsequently stop the collection of this location information, the Service will continue to collect this location information.
If you consent to our collection of location information, subsequently stop the collection of this location information and later consent to the collection of this location information, the Service will resume the collection of location information.
You may also stop our collection of location information by following the standard uninstall process to remove the App from your device.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy or any privacy issues, please email us at
hello@infltr.com