We use essential cookies to make our site work. With your consent, we may also use non-essential cookies to improve user experience and analyze website traffic. By clicking “Accept,” you agree to our website's cookie use as described in our
Cookie Policy
. You can change your cookie settings at any time by clicking “
Preferences
.”
Preferences
Decline
Accept
Duet
Help Center
Get Started
Link
Our Privacy Policy
Home
Help Center
About Duet
Thank you for entrusting Duet, Inc. (also “Duet”, “the company”, “we”, and “us”), the company that owns and develops the software Duet Display. We take your privacy seriously and in our policy below, we lay out what data we collect, why it is collected, how your data is handled, and your rights to your data. Duet complies with local privacy requirements including European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California's Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) for all users, regardless of location.
Information We Collect
Below is a list of categories of data we collect, as well as the purpose for collecting such data. Our guiding policy is to collect the minimum amount of data to operate our service.
Registration Information
At the time of account creation, we require a valid e-mail address & password to authenticate your access to the service.
Payment Information
Duet is a paid service that uses several payment processors to assist with billing. We do not store any payment information directly on our servers. For users signing up on Mac or PC, your payment information and e-mail address is stored with Stripe, our credit card payment processor. If you register for our service on iOS or Android, we use Apple or Google's built-in payment services respectively to bill your account.
Device Information
If you are accessing our service, we automatically collect basic information that most services collect to improve the quality of your service. This includes your browser type, operating system platform and version, your IP address, and hardware configuration. The primary purpose of this information is to prioritize testing on specific configurations, provide the user with identifying information about the system they are connecting to wirelessly, and provide e-mails about incoming authentications and connections to a user's machines for security purposes.
Usage Information
If you are accessing our service, we collect anonymized crash reports for our software, general usage data, and estimated geographic location. The primary purpose for this information is to improve the quality of our service by finding bugs and prioritizing resources for testing & development. The anonymized and aggregated geographic location information is shared for licensing purposes with VideoLan & MPEGLA, the two companies that share the licensing rights and intellectual properly for x264, a compression technology.
Voluntary Correspondence
When you write an e-mail to our support channels or provide voluntary survey responses, we keep that correspondence, including the e-mail address & content of those e-mails to better provide support. We automatically remove any history greater than three years and will remove any history upon your request.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
As further described below, and subject, where applicable, to your consent, we automatically collect information from cookies and similar technologies (such as cookie ID and settings) to keep you logged in, to remember your preferences, and to identify you and your device.
Information We
Don't
Collect
We do not collect or store any sensitive personal or private information, including your name, address, gender, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious beliefs, display data, computer data, biometric data, or health data.
Our Legal Bases For Processing Information
Duet shall only process your User Personal Information on one or more of the following legal bases:
Consent: We require your explicit consent to collect personal information for any required part of the service. For any additional optional information (such as completing surveys), these are entirely optional and anonymous if the user chooses. Because this is your data, you can request us to delete any of it by e-mailing privacy@duetdisplay.com with the appropriate request.
Contract Performance: We require certain information to provide you our service according to our Terms & Conditions, and we process any personal information (such as e-mail for authentication or payment information for billing) on the basis of performing such contract.
Legitimate Interests: We collect some personal information for legal compliance, security, or to maintain the integrity, availability, and resilience of our systems and services.
Our Service Sub-processors
Duet uses several sub-processors to improve the service, which may have access to some personal data. We only share this information after your consent of what information is shared, with whom, and why. We limit the number of sub-processors to as few as possible while still providing the best service we can. These subprocessors, along with their purpose, include Apple, Stripe, and Google for billing and general usage data, Front (US) & Gmail (US) for providing e-mail support, Mixpanel (US), Firebase (US), Facebook (US), and Google Analytics (US) for general usage, performance information, and advertising attribution, SendInBlue (France) for transactional and marketing e-mails, Debounce for e-mail verification (India), Heroku (US & EU), AWS and Digital Ocean (for cloud infrastructure, file hosting), and Webflow for our website and content management system.
How We Secure Your Data
All data is encrypted via SSL/TLS when transmitted from a user's device to our cloud infrastructure. We implement all necessary measures to protect your personal information from any unauthorized access, alteration, or deletion. In the event of a security vulnerability or data breach that affects your personal information, we will promptly eliminate any potential risk we can. If any data was compromised, we will notify any affected users without undue delay.
Right To Erasure
Duet retains User Personal Information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services.
If you would like to cancel your account, you may do so in your account. We will retain and use your information only as necessary and to comply with any legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. If you would like to delete your entire account, we will do so within 30 days of your request.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us at privacy@duetdisplay.com and we will respond as quickly as we can.
Related Articles
Duet Terms & Conditions
How to rate & review Duet Display on the App Store
About Duet
More Articles
Also in This Category
Duet Terms & Conditions
About Duet
How to rate & review Duet Display on the App Store
Consent Preferences