Privacy and Cookies Policy
ANADOLU AGENCY TURKISH INC.
COOKIE POLICY
AIM
This Policy has been prepared to inform the site visitors about the cookies that can be used on our website.
WHAT IS COOKIE?
A cookie is information stored on your computer by a website you visit. Cookies record your actions and preferred settings during your browser session or for your next visit to our website. In this way, the next time you visit our website, this information is sent back to the server, automatically recognizing the device you have logged into our site and your settings are restored to provide you with ease of use. The information saved by our site using the cookie method is limited to what you provide. Information that you do not share on our site cannot be accessed. Also, cookies cannot reach other files on your computer.
WHAT IS IT USED FOR?
Cookies are used to improve our website by recording your actions and preferences on the device you log in to our site, and to provide you with ease of use by automatically loading the saved settings if you log in again from the same device.
WHAT ARE THE TYPES OF COOKIES?
Necessary Cookies: These are cookies that are necessary for the website to function properly.
Performance/Analytical Cookies: These types of cookies are used to collect statistical information such as pages used to analyze the use of websites, click information, time spent on a page.
Functional Cookies: These are cookies used to remember personalization and preferences used on the website.
Advertising/Marketing Cookies: Continuous monitoring of people's behavior on the internet and profiling their activities by analyzing them allows matching the profiled person with the appropriate ads and showing the said ads to the person.
LEGAL BASIS AND METHOD
Among the cookies on our website, which are mandatory for the management of the website, one of the data processing conditions stipulated in the Personal Data Protection Law No:6698 (“PDPL”),
“Processing of data is necessary for the legitimate interests pursued by the data controller, provided that this processing shall not violate the fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject.”
and  one of the data processing conditions stipulated in the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”)
“Processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the controller or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data, in particular where the data subject is a child”
; We process other cookies within the scope of
"Existence of explicit consent"
. You can show your consent by giving consent to cookies via the "Cookie Control Panel". All cookies are collected automatically through the website.
CHANGING COOKIE PREFERENCES
Mandatory cookies are used on our website
www.aa.com.tr
in order to provide you with a better service. These cookies cannot be disabled via the "Cookie Control Panel". You can view the cookies used on our site via the "Cookie Control Panel" and change your preferences.
COOKIE TABLE
COOKIE TABLE
COOKIE TYPE
COOKIE NAME
INTENDED USE OF THE COOKIE
Necessary Cookies
rc::a
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the web site, in order to make valid reports on the use of their web site.
rc::c
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
Functional Cookies
lang
Remembers the user's selected language version of a website.
Performance/Analytical Cookies
_ga
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
_gat
Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate.
_gid
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
Advertising/Marketing Cookies
test cookie
A session cookie used to check if the user’s browser supports cookies.
Data Controller
Anadolu Agency Turkish Inc.
Web Site
: www.aa.com.tr
Phone Number
: +90 312 999 20 00
E-Mail Address
: yenimedya@aa.com.tr
Address
: Eti Mahallesi GMK Bulvarı No:132 Çankaya ANKARA
World
Court in Tbilisi sentences former President Saakashvili for 9 years in prison for embezzlement
Oil prices fall as recession fears and shifting Fed expectations dampen optimism
Russia, Iran, China hold Maritime Security Belt 2025 naval exercise in Gulf of Oman
Russia, US agree to maintain regular contact between intelligence services
Morning Briefing: March 12, 2025