Privacy Policy
Last Updated: 16 November 2023
This privacy policy (the “
Privacy Policy
“) is an integral part of the terms of use and both documents should be read together.
In this privacy policy references to the singular include the plural and
vice versa
, and references to masculine include the feminine and
vice versa
, as the context admits or requires.
N.F.O SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT LTD, Reg.No. 515017382 (“
ME
“, “
Us
“, “
We
“, or “
Our
“) operates the Application “ME” and the service related to the Application (the “Service” or “Application”).
The objective of ME’s Service and/or Application is to identify telephone numbers, similarly to a telephone directory book or Yellow Pages but in a digital and more accessible form.
ME’s mode of operation allows users, costumers and/or subscribers to share their
basic identificatory information
, which is equivalent to contact details listed in a phone directory or shared in the Application, as specified and defined hereunder, with other ME’s users, costumers and/or subscribers.
ME’s mode of operation further allows users, costumers and subscribers, to receive the
basic identificatory information
, which is equivalent to contact details listed in a phone directory or shared in the Application, of other ME’s users, costumers and/or subscribers, who have opted to share their basic identificatory information via the Application.
ME respects the privacy of its users. In order to improve the protection of the Users, ME publishes this Privacy Policy regarding how ME collects Your information from Your use of the Service.
The processing and collection of personal data is governed by the General Data Protection Regulation (the “
GDPR
”) and the California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
“), and whenever you will provide ME such information, ME will only use your information in line with all applicable data protection laws, including the GDPR and the CCPA. At all times You are in control of Your information, and You can withdraw Your consent to provide Your information to ME and you can permanently remove any information from the repositories at any time.
ME is the data controller of the Service which is the entity that decides how Your personal information is processed and for what purposes, as detailed in the Privacy Policy.
General
During Your use of the Service, ME will collect Your information with accordance to Your consent which may be withdrawn at any time.
Your information contains the following data items:
Contact details, such as name, phone number and email;
Your contact list – When Added/Updated/Removed;
Your location;
Device Details;
IP Address;
Recent Calls;
Purchase Details;
Comments on profiles;
Views of Profiles;
Authentication Details;
Your reports on phone numbers;
Your app privacy settings;
All of your profile additions, such as: Social Networks, Status, Gender, Date of birth (if the user opted to add such details to his/her profile), Age, Profile picture, icon, thumbnail and/or avatar;
Phone searches (on phone device, in the Application, and during the use ME WEB);
Your blocking list;
Your device advertising ID;
Incoming Text messages (SMS) (without identification of user details, only for iPhone users who activated SMS messaging);
Any other data which will be detailed by ME, if applicable;
Any activity in the Application.
Your Rights Regarding Your Personal Information
Under the GDPR and subject to different exemptions, You have the following rights:
To access Your personal data and receive a copy of Your personal data upon request;
To rectify, erase or restrict Your information upon Your request (right to be forgotten);
To object to the processing of Your information;
To request that ME will provide the You with Your personal information and, if possible, to transmit Your data directly to another data controller (right to data portability).
To withdraw Your consent to processing your information and stop the processing at any time.
No fees are required for exercising any of the above rights. However and subject to the GDPR, ME may charge You a reasonable fee including administration fees if Your request is repetitive or excessive or demands ME to bear excessive and/or expensive efforts.
To exercise your rights, please contact ME’s Data Protection Officer at the following contact details:
N.F.O SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT LTD
4 Arba Imaot St.
Ashdod 7773504
Israel
Database and Use of Information
All collected information as stated above is stored in ME’s database. With accordance to Your consent, ME warrants to use such information for the following purposes:
Enabling convenient and efficient use;
Improve and enrich existing services and content;
Modify and/or remove existing services and content;
Perform research and provide statistic and non-personal information to third parties, including advertisers (in such case, the provided information will not identify You);
Enforce ME’s terms and conditions;
Collecting payments;
Enable convenient and efficient use of ME’s application and services such as: ME-APP, Me-Web, Me-API and ME-for-Business as well as any other ME service or interface which ME may develop and launch in the future that will allow access to or make use of the database.
Any other purpose detailed in the terms of use and this Privacy Policy.
Information You decide to provide to ME is collected and used because ME has a legitimate business interest in Your personal data to be used for the above purposes. The use of Your personal data enables ME to send You relevant and personalized content, designed to improve Your use of the Service. You have the right to object to this by contacting ME via email: help@me.app. Please note that if you object, this may affect ME’s ability to send personalized content to You.
Please note that some of the information You will be requested to provide is necessary for providing You the Services. Therefore Your refusal to provide some information may result in You not receiving the Services, since ME will not be practically able to provide you the Services without the requested information.
ME may receive Your information from third parties which ME cooperates with (e.g. business partners, professional advisors, service providers, clients, etc.).
ME may share your
basic
identificatory information
, which is equivalent to contact details listed in a phone directory or shared in the Application, with third parties which ME cooperates with (e.g. business partners, professional advisors, service providers, clients, etc.), this solely within the framework and by a means of the Application and/or various services of ME, such as: ME-APP, Me-Web, Me-API and ME-for-Business as well as any other ME service or interface which ME may develop and launch in the future that will allow access to or make use of the database.
The
basic
identificatory information
, which is equivalent to contact details listed instead in a phone directory, which corresponds to the basic identificatory information shared via the Application, that ME may share with third parties which ME cooperates with (e.g. business partners, professional advisors, service providers, clients, etc.), this as aforesaid solely within the framework and by a means of the Application and/or various services of ME, such as: ME-APP, Me-Web, Me-API and ME-for-Business as well as any other ME service or interface which ME may develop and launch in the future that will allow access to or make use of the database, shall be limited to data items 1.2.1 and 1.2.13 hereinabove.
It is strictly forbidden by the Terms of Use and/or API Terms of Use for any user, costumer, subscriber, client or any third party, which your basic identificatory information may be shared with, including any contact details shared in the Application, to search, browse, filter or screen random numbers, running or consecutive numbers or numbers that have no obvious pertinent and sincere connection to the business of such third party, which your basic identificatory information may be shared with.
Moreover any third party, which your
basic
identificatory
information
may be shared with, is strictly forbidden by the Terms of Use and/or API Terms of Use to use or process any of your information obtained from ME,
inter alia
via me-app API service and/or the Application, including any of your
basic identificatory information
, for any illegal or unethical activity, in a non-limiting manner including: spamming, phishing, soliciting, directed advertisement, contacting minors under eighteen (18) years old, selling and/or offering for sale.
Transferring Information to Third Parties
Subject to Your consent, ME will transfer and/or share Your information in the following events and circumstances and, when applicable, will give you reasonable notice upon doing so:
When You have permitted ME to transfer and/or share Your information;
When You violate the terms of use of the Application or act illegally;
To enforce the Terms or other agreements or policies;
To collect Your debt to ME through a third party specializing in collecting debts including law offices;
In response to a subpoena or similar investigative demand, a court order, or a request for cooperation from law enforcement or other government agency;
To establish or exercise ME’s legal rights;
To defend against legal claims; or as otherwise required by law. In such cases, ME may raise or waive any legal objection or right available to ME, at ME’s sole discretion;
When ME believes disclosure is appropriate in connection with efforts to investigate, prevent, report or take other action regarding illegal activity, suspected fraud or other wrongdoing;
To protect and defend the rights, property or safety of ME, its Users, employees or others;
In connection with a substantial corporate transaction, such as the sale of ME’s business, a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale, or in the event of insolvency.
With accordance to the CCPA, We do not share, sell, disclose or commercialize your information unless explicitly mentioned otherwise.
Third-Parties
There are several places in the Service where You may click on a link to access other Applications that do not operate under this Privacy Policy and are not related to ME including, but not only, links leading to third party websites. These links may independently solicit and collect information, including personal information, from You and, in some instances, provide ME with information about Your activities on those links.
Every third party such as detailed above may have its own privacy policy describing its use of personal information, and such policy will regulate the use, handling and disclosure of such personal information of the User. Should You require additional information regarding any privacy policy of third parties, ME recommends that You visit these third-party Services and read their privacy policies.
Your information will be handled and used by ME’s trusted third parties including the following recipients in order to provide services by ME:
Providers, partners and sub-contractors on behalf of ME; such as SMS or authentication providers
Analytics and search engine providers that may assist ME in improving the optimization and performance of the Service.
App usage optimization providers
Marketing purpose
Ads Providers
3
rd
parties we work with: Google Firebase, Google Admob, Google Analytics, Applovin, Facebook, Facebook Audience Network, Twilio, 019 Mobile, Pangle, Start.IO, InMobi, Mintegral, Amazon AWS
Retaining Your Information
ME will only retain Your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes it was collected for including, but not only, for the purposes of complying with legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. The retention period is determined based on the amount, nature, and sensitivity of Your personal information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of Your information, the purposes for which ME processes Your information and whether such purposes can be achieved through other means with accordance to any applicable law.
Use of Various Technologies
Upon Your consent, We use various technologies to collect information from Your device and about Your activities while using the Service in order to improve and personalize Your online experience of the Service including by means of storing cookies to Your device. Please note that some of the technologies We use are necessary for using the Service and some are used to provide features of third parties.
Please note that We cannot guarantee the proper performance and use of the Service, and therefore without permitting Us to gather information via such technologies, We will not be able to provide You Our Services and You will be requested to refrain from any use of the Service.
During your use of the Service, third-party Services may store cookies to Your device, e.g. when some content of the Service is embedded from the Third Party Services. Please note that We have no control over these cookies and You should check such third party’s cookie policy.
Data Security
ME takes appropriate security measures for data security purposes to help prevent unauthorized persons from gaining access to Your personal information. However, no system can be completely secure. Therefore ME does not warrant that its services will be totally immune to any breaches of security and/or unauthorized access, including access to the data stored in the Service, although ME will contact You upon a breach of Your data security with accordance to any applicable law.
ME inspects, from time to time, the data security of the Service and performs modifications and upgrades accordingly in order to keep the Service’s security. Nonetheless, ME will not be liable for any direct or indirect damage caused to You due to exposure of Your information by an unauthorized access to ME’s database and/or due to any negligence or act not controlled by ME.
Minors
We do not knowingly collect or solicit information from anyone under the age of eighteen (18) or knowingly allow minors to use the Service or any of Our Services. If we become aware that we have collected information from a minor without the consent of his/her parent or guardian, we will immediately remove such collected information and block his/her access to the Service and/or any of Our Services.
Updates
ME may offer to all its users to receive email messages and/or newsletters about updates, improvements and other user notifications regarding ME’s activity, including via emails and SMS (the “
Mailings
”).
It is clarified that at any stage You will have the ability to opt out of receiving the Mailings by contacting ME and/or by clicking on a link available on the Mailings sent to You by ME.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
ME may occasionally update this Privacy Policy. ME will notify You by sending an email to the email address You most recently provided ME and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes and will state at the heading of the Privacy Policy the date of change and/or by a popup notification in the app.
Partner List
Following is the list of companies that use cookies and other technologies on our application. From time to time, we may change the companies we work with to provide our Service. Also as mentioned in section 5.3.6
Analytics
Google Analytics
Categories of Data:
Device identifiers to collect and store information such as number of sessions per user, session duration, operating system, device models, geography, first launches, and app updates.
PrivacyPolicy:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
Login/Share
Apple
Categories of Data:
Login event
Privacy Policy:
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
Google Categories of Data:
Login event
Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
Payments
Google Pay
Categories of Data/Purpose:
We use third-party services for payment processing.
We will not store or collect your card details. Information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors who use your information in accordance with their Privacy Policy.
PrivacyPolicy:
https://payments.google.com/payments/apis-secure/get_legal_document?ldo=0&ldt=privacynotice&ldl=en-GB
Apple Pay
Categories of Data/Purpose:
We will not store or collect your card details. Information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors who use your information in accordance with their Privacy Policy.
Privacy Policy:
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT210665