Missed us at Amplify in New York?
Watch it on demand here
Intelligence Applied
Activate your growth with connected firm and industry knowledge to discover, win, and execute new business.
Schedule a demo
Watch the video
Powered by AI, built on Microsoft Azure
Multiply opportunity with the industry cloud designed for professionals.
Learn more
2.65k+
client firms worldwide
95
of the Am Law 100
1.7k+
private capital and investment banking firms
14
top 20 accounting firms
Top firms trust us.
You can too.
AI-powered solutions for your industry
Move fast, modernize operations, and win more business with Intapp’s tailored cloud-based solutions.
Accounting
Consulting
Investment banking
Legal
Private capital
Real assets
Empower your teams, strengthen your client relationships, and reduce risk
DealCloud
Help your teams execute at the highest level with a data-powered platform that’s so much more than just a CRM.
Explore DealCloud
Compliance
Quickly and thoroughly evaluate new business, onboard clients, and monitor relationships for compliance.
Intapp Conflicts
Intapp Employee Compliance
Intapp Intake
Intapp Terms
Intapp Walls
Collaboration
Support modern ways of working, minimize information governance risk, and improve client service delivery.
Intapp Documents
Intapp Workspaces
Time
Automate timekeeping, reduce write-offs, maximize realization, and increase client satisfaction.
Intapp Time
Intapp Billstream
Intapp Intelligent Cloud
For more than a decade, Intapp has been bringing the power of automation and intelligence to professional and financial services firms — helping clients like you solve their specialized needs and challenges.
Industry solutions
The results of our technology strategy are the industry solutions professionals rely on to close deals, meet compliance, and increase visibility and collaboration.
Data foundation
Our AI solutions, built on Intapp Data Foundation, meet industry-specific data, integration, and security needs to support your professionals.
Learn more about our data foundation
Cloud infrastructure
Secure your data with Intapp Cloud Infrastructure, leveraging Microsoft Azure’s stability and our dedicated support, plus seamless Microsoft integrations.
Learn more about our cloud infrastructure
Partner ecosystem
Gain access to Intapp’s ecosystem of data, technology, and services from over 100 trusted partners, with built-in integrations and dedicated support.
Learn more about our partner ecosystem
Get started today
Schedule a demo