Skyflow Privacy Policy
This commercial app is provided by Andrey Kovalyov (me) and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my app.
If you choose to use my app, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy.
Information Collection and Use
This app does not collect, disclose or transfer any personal information.
However this app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
This information is used for providing and improving the app.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the Skyflow app
Fabric
Crashlytics
Flurry Analytics
Google Ads
DJI
Log Data
Whenever you use my app, in a case of an error, I collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data.
This Log Data may include information such as your device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app, the time and date of your use of the app, and other statistics.
This Log Data is only used to improve this app and it does not contain any Personal Information about you.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers.
These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This app does not use these “cookies” explicitly.
However, this app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services.
You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies. You do this through your browser settings.
Children’s Privacy
This app does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time.
Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes.
I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at
contact@kad3v.com