PRIVACY STATEMENT
We Value Your Privacy!
Starr Vision Production (Quinceanera Quarterly, The Incredible Medical School, Texas Towns Revealed, Lottery Vision, High School Sound Off, Premium Event Programs)
has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment 
to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination 
practices for this website.
We care about your 
privacy and want you to know that this website collects only information from 
adults who fill out enrollment forms or applications. We also want you to know 
that this website does not use cookies or any other tracking technology. This 
website may contain links or references to other websites that we do not control 
and to which our Privacy Policy does not apply. In some cases, these are links 
to sites that are directed to visitors over the age of 12. Please be sure to 
read the privacy policy of every website you visit. You are solely responsible 
for your interactions with such websites. If you have questions or concerns 
regarding this Privacy Policy or this site’s information practices, please 
contact us as listed below.
We believe you should be aware 
of what information we collect, why we collect it, and how it is used. If you 
ever have any questions about any of our policies, you may contact us at anytime 
and we will provide you with clear answers. Our application forms requires users 
to give us contact information (like their name and address). We use information 
from these forms to enroll children and adults in our camps and classes. Users 
may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
This site has security measures 
in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our 
control. The information is not stored on a web server, and we do not sell or 
give this information to any other company. Any and all information we collect 
is kept in the strictest confidentiality. We will never share your information 
with anyone under any circumstance, period.
Children's Online Privacy 
Protection Act (COPPA)
The primary goals of this act are to place parents in control over what 
online information is collected from children under the age of 13, and to ensure 
that any information collected is kept private and confidential. A more detailed 
explanation of COPPA is available at
http://www.ftc.gov/ogc/coppa1.htm
or at
http://www.coppa.org/
. The 
Incredible Medical School makes it policy to strictly adhere to this act under 
every circumstance. For that reason, participation in our camps and classes, or 
interactive areas of our site, is available to children under 13 only if their 
parents complete a registration form and send it to us at our official address.
Choice/Opt-Out & Information 
Updates
We provide users the 
opportunity to choose to receive future communications from us. All information 
we retain may be corrected and updated by contacting Starr Vision Productions through one of our official contact listed below. In addition, any user may 
request to be removed from any or all mailing or email lists and will be removed 
in a prompt manner. We are not interested in sending communication to people who 
don't want it. Our communications, mail and email are intended and directed to 
people who want to stay in touch with us.
Users have the following 
options for removing their information from our mailing list.
You can send email to: PremiumEventPrograms@yahoo.com
You can send email to: incrediblemedicalschool@yahoo.com
You can send email to: highschoolsoundoff@yahoo.com
You can send email to: ttrevealed@yahoo.com
You can send email to: quinceaneraquality@gmail.com
You can send mail to the following postal address:
225 Adams, Georgetown, TX 78628
Contacting the Web Site
Any complaints 
regarding our company's privacy policy or practices may be 
sent to the official address listed below.  If you have any questions about this 
privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this web 
site, you can contact us at the official address listed below:
Alfred Ricks Jr., MD, Director
225 Adams
Georgetown, TX 78628
incrediblemedicalschool@yahoo.com
TERMS OF SERVICE (TOS):
http://www.incrediblemedicalschool.com/TOS.htm