HDFC Bank
Website Usage Policy
Website Usage Policy
The contents of this Disclaimer along with the terms of the Website User Agreement available at
https://www.hdfc.com
. User hereby acknowledge of having read and accepted the same by use and/or access of this Website.
About Hdfc
Housing Development Finance Corporation Limited (HDFC) is the premier housing finance company in India and registered and governed by National Housing Bank. HDFC was incorporated in 1977 with the primary objective of meeting a social need of encouraging home ownership by providing long-term finance to households. Over the last four decades, HDFC has turned the concept of housing finance for the growing middle class in India into a world-class enterprise with excellent reputation for professionalism, integrity and impeccable service. A pioneer and leader in housing finance in India, since inception, HDFC has assisted more than 6 million customers to own a home of their own. HDFC is how millions of Indian families spell the word 'Home' as the brand not only offers Housing Finance, but also Total Housing Solutions. HDFC also conducts outreach programs in several locations.
As regards deposit taking activity of HDFC, the User/Viewers may refer to the advertisement in the newspaper/ information furnished in the application form for soliciting public deposits. HDFC is having a valid Certificate of Registration dated 31st July, 2001 issued by the National Housing Bank under Section 29A of the National Housing Bank Act, 1987. However, the National Housing Bank does not accept any responsibility or guarantee about the present position as to the financial soundness of the company or for the correctness of any of the statements or representations made or opinions.
If User has any question regarding this Disclaimer, User may please contact us at
https://www.hdfc.com
and we will try to attend to User’s query within reasonable time.
Using This Website
Any use of this Website would expressly mean that User irrevocably accepts all the terms and conditions of this Disclaimer and Website User Agreement specified at
https://www.hdfc.com
. User understands that User is free to not accept the terms and conditions contained herein and the Website User Agreement and in such an event, User is advised to not use or access this Website in any manner. User’s use and/ or access of this Website in any manner shall constitute an irrevocable acceptance of this Disclaimer and Website User Agreement.
Any person who is accessing or has accessed any information or data from this Website acknowledges and agrees that all proprietary rights, statutory or otherwise, and the information received by such person shall remain the exclusive property of HDFC. Unless otherwise provided or agreed by HDFC in writing any reproduction, distribution or transmission or modification, for consideration or otherwise, of any such information contained in this Website is strictly prohibited and would constitute a breach of the laws of India.
This Website is not to be and should not be construed as purporting to offer or an invitation to offer. Further, this Website is not to be and should not be construed as purporting to offer or inviting to offer any information or services to residents of countries where HDFC is not licensed or authorized to perform its business activities. The User agrees that given the nature of the Internet, even though the Website is targeted to Indian residents, Non Resident Indian (NRI) and Person of Indian Origin (PIO) only, it may be accessed in other parts of the world. The material/information on the Website is not intended for use by persons located in, or residents in countries that restrict the distribution of such material/information or by any person in any jurisdiction where distribution or use of such material/information or usage or access of Website will be contrary to law or any regulation. It shall be the responsibility of every User to be aware of and fully observe the applicable laws and regulations of the jurisdiction which User is subject of. If the User is not an Indian resident, NRI or PIO and yet uses the Website, he acknowledges, understands and agrees that he is doing so on his own initiative and at his own risk and HDFC shall not be liable for violation/breach of any of the laws applicable to usage of the Website. If the User is not an Indian resident, by using this Website and/or submitting his personally identifiable information or any other information on the Website, he expressly consents to the transfer of such data to India, and to the processing of such data on HDFC’S Indian servers, where his data will be governed by Indian laws that may provide a level of data protection different than his country.
HDFC does not provide any advice in this regard and shall not be liable to any person/User who enters into any business relationship with the entity whose name appears on this Website and/ or any other party based on any information accessed from this Website or uses such information or is accessing any information for any investment, company affairs, legal, tax or accounting advice or advice regarding the suitability or profitability of a security, investment or saving. Any information on this Website must not be construed as business/ investment/saving advice, and the User should exercise due caution and/or seek independent advice before the User enters into any business relationship with any entity or enters into any investment or financial obligation based on any information provided on this Website.
Third Party Links
This Website may contain links to other Websites or videos that may belong to and/or hosted and/or operated by parties other than HDFC, for e.g. videos hosted by our third party service provider’s server or any other similar activity. HDFC is not responsible for the contents of any nature (including any related advertisements or videos) or information offered by any such linked website or any link contained in a linked website, or any changes or updates to such Websites, irrespective of whether these Websites are operated by affiliates of HDFC or other third parties. Inclusion of such a link on this Website does not imply any degree of endorsement of any nature by HDFC, regarding the quality of information provided or the nature of content by such a linked website.
This Website may contain information sourced from third parties. HDFC is not responsible for the contents of or information offered by such third parties on this Website or linked website. Inclusion of such information on this Website does not imply any degree of endorsement by HDFC, regarding the quality of information provided or the nature of content provided by the third party.
No Responsibility
HDFC does not offer any services to any person through this Website. Access to any information on or through this Website is provided only on an 'as-is-where-is-basis'. HDFC has endeavored to ensure that the content on this Website is accurate and up-to-date; however, the same should not be construed as a 'statement of law' or used for any legal purposes. In any event, User is advised to verify/ check independently or with the respective source and obtain appropriate professional advice before acting on the information provided herein. Notwithstanding anything contained elsewhere, HDFC accepts no responsibility in relation to the accuracy, completeness, usefulness or otherwise, of the contents provided on this Website.
The Services and/ or contents provided on this Website are for User's convenience and/or only for information purposes and are not intended to be and must not be taken as the basis for any decision either by itself or in conjunction with any other information. User should make it's own investigation of the contents provided, including the merits and risks involved and the legal consequences, independently and without reliance on us, any of our affiliates or group companies or our third party service providers or any third party associated with us in relation to the provision of any information through our Website or their respective directors, employees, agents etc.. Nothing on this Website constitutes, or is meant to constitute, advice of any kind. If User requires an advice in relation to any legal or financial matter, User should consult an appropriate professional at their own cost.
HDFC may, either through itself or its partners, affiliates or group companies combine User's internet protocol address or other information provided by User along with other personally identifiable information for marketing and for market research purposes, including internal demographic studies, so we can optimize our products and services and customize this Website for User. When User registers with this Website, User agrees that HDFC or any of its partners, affiliates, or group companies may contact User from time to time to provide the offers/ information of such products/ services that they believe may benefit User, however it shall in no manner be construed as sanction of any loan including any home loan by HDFC, its partners, affiliates or group companies. Also, User agrees that such information so collected from User may be provided to government authorities or any court of law as per the applicable laws of India or as per HDFC's agreement with its partners, third party service providers or any third party as the case may be in terms of the contract or to the extent permitted by law of India.
HDFC does not, expressly or impliedly, warrant, guarantee or make any representations concerning the use, results of use or inability to use or access the information or contents of this Website, in terms of accuracy, reliability, completeness, currentness, functionality, performance, continuity, legality, timeliness or otherwise, fitness for a particular purpose. Any information or data available on this Website may contain inaccuracies and/or errors and HDFC shall not be in any manner liable for inaccuracy/error if any. HDFC does not warrant that this Website or functions there of will be uninterrupted or free of any error or defect or that information on this Website will satisfy User's purpose or requirement. HDFC does not warrant that the servers that make this Website available will be error, virus or bug free and User accepts that it is User's responsibility to make adequate provision for protection against such threats.
HDFC disclaims any and all kind of liabilities, current or future, for any error made or omission committed with respect to the transmission of data, information or material available on this Website and/ or linked website.
User assumes the entire risk with respect to the use, results of such use, in terms of accuracy, reliability, performance, completeness, comprehensiveness, currentness, functionality, performance, continuity, timeliness of the information, data or any content available on this Website.
Limitations Of Liability
HDFC will not be liable in relation to the contents of, or use of, or otherwise in connection with, this Website or linked website:
for any direct loss
for any indirect, special or consequential loss; or
for any business losses, loss of revenue, income, profits or anticipated savings, loss of contracts or business relationships, loss of reputation or goodwill, or loss or corruption of information or data.
User hereby waive User's right to any claim based on the detrimental effects or results of any reliance placed by User on any information or data available on this Website and / or linked website.
HDFC shall not be liable for any claims or losses of any nature, arising directly or indirectly, from the use or application of the data, information or material accessed from this Website and/ or linked website. Any change or amendment to this disclaimer, altering any of the provisions set out herein, may be made at the sole discretion of HDFC, without notice.
The development of this Website with respect to the nature of the information or data available on this Website, is a continuous and on going process. HDFC disclaims any and all liability and/or responsibility for loss of any information or data, or any consequence, intended or unintended, due to the operation of this Website. HDFC does not assume or purport to assume any responsibility or liability or User's failure or inability to use or access this Website for any purpose. Published information or data available on this Website may not be current or up to date for any purpose.
Law And Jurisdiction
This Disclaimer and any use or access of this Website shall be governed by and constructed in accordance with the laws of India without reference to conflict of laws principles. In the event any dispute in relation hereto is brought by the User, it shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Mumbai, India however in the event any dispute in relation hereto is brought up.
HDFC controls and operates this Website from India and makes no representation that the materials are appropriate or will be available for use in other locations.
Trademark And Copyright Notice
Any and all trademarks and/or service marks of HDFC (whether registered or in the process of registration) and all rights accruing from the same, statutory or otherwise, wholly vest with HDFC. Any violation of the above would constitute an offence under the laws of India and international treaties governing the same.
HDFC, or any of its affiliates, does not represent or endorse the accuracy or reliability of any of the advertisements (collectively), i.e. links, downloads, distributions or other information accessed directly or indirectly from host advertisements contained on this Website nor the quality of any products, information or other materials displayed, purchased or obtained by any User/consumer, as a result of an advertisement or any other information or offer in connection with the service or products.
HDFC expressly disclaims any and all warranties, expressed or implied, including without limitation, warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement, with respect to the service or any materials and products.
This Website may contain links to other web sites operated by third parties ("linked sites"). HDFC neither endorses nor is affiliated with the linked site and is not responsible for any content of any linked site or any link contained in a link site, or any changes or updates to such sites.
In no event shall HDFC be liable for any damages, whatsoever, and in particular, shall not be liable for direct, indirect, consequential, incidental, or punitive damages, or damages of lost profits, loss of revenue, or loss of use, arising out of related to any advertisements on this Website, whether such damages arise in contract, negligence, tort, under statute, in equity, at law or otherwise. In particular HDFC shall not be responsible for or liable for any threatening, defamatory, obscene, offensive or illegal content appearing in the advertisements and further shall not be responsible for any infringement of another's rights, including intellectual property rights.
Except as otherwise noted on this Website, the contents of this Website are copyright of HDFC. All rights of HDFC are reserved. No part of the information on this Website, including text, graphics and html code, may be reproduced, transmitted or modified in any form by any means, without the express written consent of HDFC.
Statutory Disclosure
For Life Insurance-:
Insurance is a subject matter of Solicitation. The Life Insurance product is underwritten by HDFC Standard Life Insurance Company Limited. This document has no monetary value at any time and is not proof of any contract with HDFC Standard Life Insurance Company Limited. For more details on risk factors, terms and conditions and exclusions please read the product brochure or consult HDFC's relationship manager before conclusion of sale. HDFC Life Group Credit Protect Insurance Plan (UIN 101NO79VO1) – This plan is a traditional non linked non participatory group insurance product. The product leaflet is indicative of the terms, warranties, conditions and exceptions contained in the insurance policy. Please know the associated risks and the applicable charges from your master policyholder or the intermediary or the certificate of insurance of the insurer.
HDFC Standard Life Insurance Company Limited.  Registration No.101. HDFC Ltd certified corporate Agent No: 1145517. You could join as a member in this plan.
The contents of this Privacy Policy along with the terms of the Website User Agreement available at
https://www.hdfc.com
. You hereby acknowledge of having read and accepted the same by use or access of this Website.
1. We respect User’s privacy and recognize the need to protect the personally identifiable information (any information by which User can be identified, such as name, physical and email address, citizenship, and phone number etc) which and if User shares with us., We would like to assure User that we follow appropriate and necessary standards when it comes to protecting User’s privacy on this Website.
2. By using or accessing this Website, User agrees to the collection and use of User's Sensitive personal information, or any other data such as, inter alia, your name, email address, sex, age, PIN code, credit card or debit card details, medical records and history sexual orientation, biometric information, password etc., and / or your occupation, interests, etc (hereinafter referred to as "data"), by HDFC in the manner provided in this Privacy Policy. HDFC shall permit its registered Users to review the information/data provided by User and it shall be User's obligation to maintain and promptly update the Registration Data to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. If the User provides any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete or HDFC has reasonable grounds to suspect that the Registration Data or any part thereof is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete and HDFC shall not be responsible for authenticity of data provided by User. Further, we may link to the websites of other third parties. These third-party websites may collect personal information about Users on those Websites, and our Privacy Policy does not extend to these external websites and third parties. Please refer directly to these third parties and web sites regarding their privacy policies.
3. In general, User can visit this Website without telling us who User is or revealing any personal information about User. We track the Internet Protocol address from which people/User visit us/ our websites and analyze this data for trends and statistics independently or as per our agreement with our third party service providers, but the individual User remains anonymous. We use the information, we automatically receive from User’s web browser to see which pages User visits within our Website, which Website User visited before coming to ours, and where User go after User leaving this Website. We develop statistics that are helpful to understand how our visitors/Users can use this Website. We use this information in the aggregate to measure the use of our Website and to administer and improve our Website. This statistical data is interpreted by us in its continuing effort to present the Website content that visitors are seeking in a format they find most helpful. The data provided by the User shall be retained by HDFC till the time it may be required for providing HDFC's services or any other additional products/services of HDFC and its affiliates.
4. Some of our web pages including our third party service providers store and use "cookies" so that we can serve User better, with customized information when User returns to our site. Cookies are identifiers which a web site can send to User’s browser to keep on User's computer to facilitate User's next visit to our site. User can set User's browser to notify User when User is sent a cookie, giving User the option to decide whether or not to accept it. The information we collect and analyze is used to improve our service to the User. User agrees that we or our third party service providers collect User's IP address or other unique identifier. At times, we also use these identifiers to collect information regarding the frequency with which our guests/Users visit various parts of our sites. We, either through ourselves or our affiliates or group companies may combine User's IP address with other personally identifiable information for marketing and for market research purposes, including internal demographic studies, so that we can optimize our products and services and customize this Website for the Users and /or other such purposes as HDFC may require.
5. We may combine User's visitor session information or other information collected through cookies, web beacons and other technical methods with personally identifiable information in order to understand and improve User's online experiences and to determine what products, promotions and services User prefers or are likely to be of interest to User.
6. We also use these technical methods in HTML e-mails that we send User for a number of purposes including: to determine whether User has opened or forwarded those e-mails and/or clicked on links in those e-mails; to customize the display of the banner advertisements and other messages after User has closed an email; and to determine whether User has made an enquiry or purchase in response to a particular email.
7. Cookies, web beacons and other technical methods may involve the transmission of information either directly to us or to another party authorized by us to collect and use information on our behalf. The information from use of these technical methods may be collected in a form that identifies User personally. User may get cookies from our advertisers. We do not control these cookies, and once User has clicked on the advertisement and left our Website, our Privacy Policy no longer applies.
8. There are times when we may collect personal information/data from User such as name, email address, citizenship and phone number etc.. If User chooses not to provide the information we request, User can still visit this Website, but User may be unable to access certain options, offers and services.
9. We will not sell, trade or disclose to third parties any information derived from the registration for, or use of, any online service (including names and addresses and other data) without User's consent, save and except to any of our affiliates or group companies for helping User in receiving home loans or other purposes in relation to the businesses of our affiliates or group companies and as may be required by any legal process or in the case of imminent physical harm to any person. Further, HDFC will allow its affiliates, suppliers, to access the information for purposes of confirming User's registration and providing User with benefits User is entitled to. If at any point in time User wishes to opt out User may withdraw any consent previously given, by written communication or by sending e-mail from registered e-mail address of the User. Upon User's refusal to provide data /information or withdrawal of consent HDFC reserves right to refuse to provide or discontinue its products and services.
10. We will take appropriate steps to protect the information User shares with us. We have implemented technology and security features and strict policy guidelines to safeguard the privacy of User’s personally identifiable information and other data from unauthorized access and improper use or disclosure. We will continue to enhance our security procedures as new technology becomes available.
11. If our privacy policy changes in the future, it will be posted here and a new effective date will be shown. User should access our privacy policy regularly to ensure that User understands our current policies. Please refer to the privacy policy in User's subject line. HDFC will attempt to respond to all reasonable concerns or inquiries on a best efforts basis.
12. When User registers with this Website, User agrees that we or any of our partners/ affiliate/ group companies/third party service providers may contact User from time to time to provide the offers/ information of such products/ services that we believe may benefit User. Also, User agrees that we may provide information so collected from User to government authorities or any court of law as per the applicable laws of India or as per our agreement with our third party service providers or any third party.
13. The User understands and agrees that, because of the nature of the Internet, we may transmit the information collected from User to another country, but among our affiliates and group companies or third party service providers, for purposes such as storage, or carrying out the processing detailed above, for their business purpose, or because of location of our servers.
14. In case of any complaint or grievance the User may contact HDFC's Grievance officer as provided on the Website and the grievance officer shall expeditiously redress the grievances, but within reasonable time as may be provided in applicable laws.
15. We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time without requiring any consent from anyone and we will post the latest version on this Website.
16. HDFC–WhatsApp Services HDFC–WhatsApp Service is a one of the mediums you have opted for connecting with HDFC if you have availed or wish to avail certain specific products and/ or services (as may be revised from time to time) being provided by HDFC. In addition to other clauses in the Terms and Conditions on HDFC- WhatsApp Services you agree and consent that HDFC may collect, store, use and/or disclose your personal data and any communications made through WhatsApp, in accordance with applicable laws and our
https://www.hdfc.com/website-usage-policy
for the legitimate purposes as defined in the
https://www.hdfc.com/whatsapp-tnc.pdf
Notwithstanding as stated above you agree and accept that the list of identified categories as mentioned in the T &Cs is non-exhaustive. HDFC reserves the right to review and revise this Policy from time to time and shall update the same on its website
https://www.hdfc.com
accordingly. HDFC adheres to all the privacy norms and therefore, you accept that HDFC shall, under no circumstances be held liable for any compromise of any personal data/ information which is beyond the security measures and control of HDFC. You shall always be wary of sharing personal and sensitive information belonging to you or any other third party via WhatsApp messages/ chats (as with all social media). HDFC-WhatsApp Services will not send messages on its own accord until you have voluntarily opted in for the purpose of being contacted by HDFC. Additionally, you agree that the WhatsApp platform is not a medium to raise any grievances/complaints with respect to the products and/ or services of HDFC, and therefore this platform is required to be used by you only for limited purpose as stated above. In case you wish to raise any complaints pertaining to HDFC, you may do so at the Grievance Redressal Mechanism platform available at
https://www.hdfc.com/grievance-redressal
. Opt –Out: You may choose not to share personal data at any point of time and may opt out by sending SMS “UNSUB” to 98670 00000 from your Preferred number as made available to HDFC. Third party WhatsApp is owned by a third-party and the WhatsApp Business Solution Provider is also a third party completely unaffiliated and unconnected with HDFC in any manner whatsoever. Therefore, should any such direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special, or consequential damages ensue from usage of services being made available on the WhatsApp platform to you, you hereby agree that you shall have no claim against HDFC, or its directors, employees and/ or affiliated companies.
This Website User Agreement along with the Disclaimer (available at
https://www.hdfc.com
) and Privacy Policy (available at
https://www.hdfc.com
) (collectively hereinafter referred to as the "Agreement") lays out the terms and conditions and rules, as maybe amended and supplemented, from time to time ("Terms") which shall be applicable to the access and use of the Website of Housing Development and Finance Corporation Limited (hereinafter referred to as "HDFC") i.e.
https://www.hdfc.com
and various other URLs channelized through
https://www.hdfc.com
("Website") by you, the visitor/ user ("User") of the Website.
Acceptance Of Terms And Modification Thereof
This Agreement constitutes a binding contract between User and
HDFC
, with regard to the access and use of the Website.
Access of the Website by the User constitutes an acknowledgement and acceptance in full and without any modification and/or exception by the User of this Agreement. If the User does not agree with any part of such terms, conditions and notices as stated in this Agreement in any manner, the User must not access the Website.
HDFC reserves the right to change the terms, conditions and notices pursuant to which the Website is accessed by the User or any services (hereinafter referred to as “
Services
”) that are offered through the Website, without any notice or intimation of such change. The User shall be responsible for regularly reviewing the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Changes to this Agreement will be effective when posted and the User agrees to review this Agreement periodically to become aware of any changes.
The User agrees that this Agreement forms a valid contract between the User and HDFC, and that HDFC may, at its sole discretion, amend any of the use or Services being provided by it vide the Website and/ or this Agreement either wholly or partially, at any time and without the requirement of any prior notice or consent.
The User’s use of certain Services, features, functionality or programs (including, without limitation, contests, sweepstakes, promotions, wireless marketing opportunities, RSS feeds, etc.) offered on or through the Website may be subject to additional terms and conditions (hereinafter referred to as "
Rules
"), and before the User uses any such Services, features, functionality or other programs he would be deemed to have accepted such additional Rules upon the use of such Services or the Website in any manner.
The User expressly agrees that he will be deemed to have consented to the disclosure of any data, information of the User to, and same is used by HDFC, a subsequent owner or operator of the Website, of any information about the User contained in the applicable HDFC database, to the extent HDFC assigns its rights and obligations regarding such information in connection with a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or substantially all of HDFC's assets, or in connection with a merger, acquisition or sale of all or substantially all of the assets related to this particular Website to a subsequent owner or operator. In the event of such a merger, acquisition, or sale, the User’s continued use of the Website signifies the User’s agreement to be bound by the terms of use, Website User Agreement, Privacy Policy and Disclaimer or otherwise of the Website's subsequent owner or operator.
HDFC reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate the access to the Website and/or any of the Services or any portion thereof at any time, without any prior notice.
The headings and subheadings herein are included for convenience and identification only and are not intended to describe, interpret, define or limit the scope, extent or intent of this Agreement or the right to use the Website by the User as contained herein or any other section or pages of the Website in any manner whatsoever.
The User "uses" the Website anytime he accesses, views, links to or from, or otherwise interacts or communicates with or connects to, the Website (or any parts thereof) or interacts or communicates with other Users through the Website (including, without limitation, on message boards, chat rooms and/or other communities established on the Website if any).
The terms and conditions herein shall apply equally to both the singular and plural form of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine and feminine. The words "include", "includes" and "including" shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase "without limitation". Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms "herein", "hereof", "hereto", "hereunder" and words of similar import refer to this Agreement as a whole.
Limited User
The User agrees that given the nature of the Internet, even though the Website is targeted to Indian Residents, Non Resident Indian (NRI), and Person of Indian Origin (PIO) only, it may be accessed in other parts of the world. The material/information on the Website is not intended for use by persons located in, or residents in countries that restrict the distribution of such material/information or by any person in any jurisdiction where distribution or use of such material/information or usage or access of Website will be contrary to law or any regulation. It shall be the responsibility of every User to be aware of and fully observe the applicable laws and regulations of the jurisdiction which User is subject of. If the User is not an Indian resident, NRI or PIO and yet uses the Website, he acknowledges, understands and agrees that he is doing so on his own initiative and at his own risk and HDFC shall not be liable for violation/breach of any of the laws applicable to usage of the Website. The Website is not to be and should not be construed as purporting to offer or inviting to offer any information or services to residents of countries where HDFC is not licensed or authorized to perform its business activities. If the User is not an Indian resident, by using this Website and/or submitting his personally identifiable information or any other information on the Website, he expressly consents to the transfer of such data to India, and to the processing of such data on HDFC’S Indian servers, where his data will be governed by Indian laws that may provide a level of data protection different than his country.
The User agrees and undertakes not to sell, trade or resell or exploit for any commercial purposes, any portion of the Services. For the removal of doubt, it is clarified that the Services, including the use of the Website, is not for commercial use but is specifically meant for personal use only of the User.
The User further agrees and undertakes not to reverse engineer, modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any information, software, products, services or intellectual property obtained from the Website in any manner whatsoever. Limited reproduction and copying of some of the content of the Website is permitted for the User unless otherwise prohibited by HDFC. For the content which is prohibited by HDFC the prior written consent of HDFC is required to be obtained by the User. For the removal of doubt, it is clarified that unlimited or wholesale reproduction, copying of the content for commercial or non-commercial purposes and unwarranted modification of data and information within the content of the Website is strictly not permitted.
Disclaimer Of Warranties
HDFC has endeavored to ensure that all the information provided by it on this Website is correct, but HDFC neither warrants nor makes any representations regarding the quality, accuracy or completeness of any data or information displayed on this Website and HDFC shall not be in any manner liable for inaccuracy/error if any. HDFC makes no warranty, express or implied, concerning the Website and/or its contents and disclaims all warranties of fitness for a particular purpose and warranties of merchantability in respect of information displayed and communicated through or on the Website, including any liability, responsibility or any other claim, whatsoever, in respect of any loss, whether direct or consequential, to any User or any other person, arising out of or from the use of any such information as is displayed or communicated through or on the Website or the provision of the Services.
Although HDFC makes commercial efforts, reasonable or otherwise to ensure that the description and content of the information displayed or communicated to the User on each page of the Website is correct, it does not, however, take responsibility for changes that may have occurred due to human or data entry errors or for any loss or damages suffered by any User due to any such changed information.
Also, as HDFC is only the information provider, and it cannot therefore control or prevent changes in the published descriptions or oral representations, which are always based upon information provided by third parties and shall not be liable in any manner for any content that such third party would provide. All Users are cautioned to conduct their own due diligence and seek separate and specific legal and other advice prior to make any decisions or investments based on the information provided on the Website.
HDFC does not endorse any advertiser on its Website in any manner. The Users are requested to verify the accuracy of all information on their own before undertaking any reliance on such information.
In no event shall HDFC be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special, consequential damages or any other damages resulting from: (a) the use or the inability to use the Services; (b) the cost of procurement of services substitute to the Services; (c) unauthorized access to or alteration of the User's transmissions or data; (d) any other matter relating to the Services; including, without limitation, damages for loss of use, data or profits, arising out of or in any way connected with availing of the Services through the Website.
Neither shall HDFC be responsible for the delay or inability to use the Website or the Services, the provision of or failure to provide the Services, or for any information, software, products, services and related graphics obtained from HDFC through the Website, whether based on contract, tort, negligence, strict liability or otherwise. Further, HDFC shall not be held responsible for non-availability of the Website during periodic maintenance operations or any unplanned suspension of access to the Website and/ or the Services that may occur due to technical reasons or for any other reason whatsoever. The User understands and agrees that any material and/or data downloaded or otherwise obtained from HDFC through the Website is done entirely at his discretion and risk and he will be solely responsible for any damage to his computer systems or any other loss that results from such material and/or data.
As regards deposit taking activity of HDFC, the User/viewers may refer to the advertisement in the newspaper/ information furnished in the application form for soliciting public deposits;
HDFC is having a valid Certificate of Registration dated 31st July, 2001 issued by the National Housing Bank under Section 29A of the National Housing Bank Act, 1987. However, the National Housing Bank does not accept any responsibility or guarantee about the present position as to the financial soundness of HDFC or for the correctness of any of the statements or representations made or opinions expressed by HDFC and for repayment of deposits/discharge of the liabilities by HDFC.
These limitations, disclaimer of warranties and exclusions apply without regard to whether the damages arise from (a) breach of contract, (b) breach of warranty, (c) negligence, or (d) any other cause of action, to the extent such exclusion and limitations are not prohibited by applicable law.
Refunds And Charge Back
Subject the sub- clause below, if any amount is payable by the User to HDFC by way for any services offered by HDFC or otherwise at any given point in time, in the event a request made by the User is not a valid request, or if it is rejected by HDFC for any reasons whatsoever, the User agrees to pay to HDFC processing charges and HDFC shall refund such amounts as may be decided by HDFC in its sole discretion from time to time
Any refund or charge back shall be made in accordance with the terms and conditions of the relevant service provider providing the payment gateway and other related services.
Links To Third Party Sites
The Website may contain links to other Websites or may contain features of any nature of other Websites on the Website ("
Linked Sites
"). The Linked Sites are not under the control of HDFC or the Website and HDFC is not responsible for the contents of any Linked Site, including without limitation any link or advertisement contained in a Linked Site, or any changes or updates to a Linked Site. HDFC is not responsible for any form of transmission, whatsoever, received by the User from any Linked Site. HDFC is providing these links to the User only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement of any nature by HDFC or the Website of the Linked Sites or any association with its operators or owners including the legal heirs or assigns thereof.
HDFC is not responsible for any errors, inclusions, omissions or representations on any Linked Site, or on any link contained in a Linked Site. HDFC does not endorse any advertiser on any Linked Site or on any link contained in a Linked Site, in any manner. The User is requested to verify the accuracy of all information on his own before undertaking any reliance on such information.
Use Of Communication Services
The Website may contain services such as email, chat, bulletin board services, news groups, forums, communities, personal web pages, calendars, and/or other message (hereinafter collectively referred to as "
Communication Services
"). The User agrees and undertakes to use the Communication Services only to post, send and receive messages and material that are proper and related to the particular Communication Service. By way of example, and not as a limitation, the User agrees and undertakes that when using a Communication Service, the User will not:
defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights of others;
publish, post, upload, distribute or disseminate any inappropriate, profane, defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent or unlawful topic, name, material or information;
upload files that contain software or other material protected by intellectual property laws unless the User owns or controls the rights thereto or has received all necessary consents;
upload or distribute files that contain viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of the Website or another's computer;
advertise or offer to sell or buy any goods or services for any business purpose, unless such Communication Service specifically allows such messages;
conduct or forward surveys, contests, pyramid schemes or chain letters;
download any file posted by another user of a Communication Service that the User knows, or reasonably should know, cannot be legally distributed in such manner;
falsify or delete any author attributions, legal or other proper notices or proprietary designations or labels of the origin or source of software or other material contained in a file that is uploaded;
violate any code of conduct or other guidelines, which may be applicable for or to any particular Communication Service;
violate any applicable laws or regulations for the time being in force in or outside India; and
violate any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement or any other terms and conditions for the use of the Website contained elsewhere herein.
HDFC will review materials posted through Communication Service and shall remove any materials in its sole discretion. The HDFC reserves the right to terminate the User's access to any or all of the Communication Services at any time without notice for any reason whatsoever.
The HDFC reserves the right at all times to disclose any information as is necessary to satisfy or comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, in HDFC’s sole discretion.
HDFC does not control or endorse the content, messages or information found in any Communication Service and, therefore, HDFC specifically disclaims any liability or responsibility whatsoever with regard to the Communication Services and any actions resulting from the User's participation in any Communication Service.
When User registers with the Website, User consents that HDFC or any of its partners/ affiliate/ group companies or third party service providers may contact User from time to time to provide the offers/ information of such products/ services that they believe may benefit User.
User's Obligations
The User’s rights under any one or more of the Licenses set forth above are conditioned upon compliance with each of the following: (1) the User will not create or Submit (as defined below) anything that is unlawful, pornographic, obscene, defamatory, libelous, threatening, discriminatory, harassing, bullying, vulgar, indecent, profane, hateful, racially, culturally or ethnically offensive, or that encourages criminal conduct, or that gives rise, or potentially gives rise, to civil or criminal liability, or that violates any applicable laws, rules, regulations or Government of India’s guidelines ("
Applicable Laws
"), or that infringes or violates other parties' intellectual property rights or links to infringing or unauthorized content; (2) the User will not embed, re-publish, maintain and/or display any Website content on any web site or other Internet location that ordinarily (i) contains or hosts content that is unlawful, pornographic, obscene, defamatory, libelous, threatening, discriminatory, harassing, bullying, vulgar, indecent, profane, hateful, racially, culturally or ethnically offensive, or that encourages criminal conduct, or that gives rise, or potentially gives rise, to civil or criminal liability, or that violates any Applicable Laws, or that infringes or violates other parties' intellectual property rights or links to infringing or unauthorized content; (3) the User will not send spam, chain letters, or any other unsolicited or unauthorized advertising or promotional materials, or to harass, bully, stalk, harm, or otherwise cause mental or physical distress or injury to anyone, or to defame or disparage someone, or for any other unlawful or objectionable (as determined by HDFC) purpose; (4) the User will not provide false information about him or anyone else (including, without limitation, if and when the User are being asked on the Website to provide accurate information about the User’s age). , and the User will not impersonate or appear to impersonate anyone else or otherwise misrepresent the User’s affiliation with any person or entity; (5) the User will not use any one or more of the Licenses (and any associated functionality) to collect, obtain, compile, gather, transmit, reproduce, delete, revise, view, display, forward, any material or information, whether personally identifiable or not, posted by or concerning any other User of the Website, unless the User would have obtained prior permission from such User to do so; (6) the User will not interfere with or disrupt, or attempt to interfere with or disrupt, the operation of the Website (or any parts thereof); (7) the User will abide by all copyright notices, information, restrictions contained in or associated with any of the Website content; (8) the User will not remove, alter, interfere with or circumvent any of copyright, trademark, watermark, or other proprietary notices marked/displayed on Website content; (9) the User will not remove, alter, interfere with or circumvent any digital rights management mechanism, device or other content protection or access control measure (including, without limitation geofiltering and/or encryption) associated with Website content; (10) the User will not use any of the rights granted to him or any of the Website content in a manner that suggests an association with any of HDFC's products, Services or brands, unless otherwise specifically permitted by HDFC; (11) the User will not use bots, spiders, offline readers or other automated systems to access or use the Website in a manner that sends more request messages to the Website’s servers in a given period of time than a human can reasonably produce in the same period by using a conventional Web browser, unless the User is a lawfully operating a public search engine, in which case (subject to HDFC's full discretion to revoke this exception at any time), the User may use spiders to index materials from the Website for the sole purpose of creating publicly available searchable indices (but not caches or archives) of such materials; (12) the User will not knowingly transmit any material that contains adware, malware, spyware, software viruses, timebombs, cancelbots, worms, trojan horses, or any other computer code, files, or programs designed to interrupt, destroy, or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment; (13) the User will not do anything that is likely to adversely affect or reflect negatively upon or harm the goodwill or reputation of HDFC or any of its affiliates, or the Website , or any of the content running or being promoted on the Website (including, without limitation, any movie, television program or other initiative); (14) the User will not do anything on the Website that would prevent other Users' access to or use of the Website or any part thereof; and (15) the User will use the Website and the Licenses at all times in compliance with this Agreement and all Applicable Laws.
As a condition of access and use of the Website, the User warrants that he will not use the Website for any purpose that is unlawful or illegal under any law for the time being in force within or outside India or prohibited by this Agreement. In addition, the Website shall not be used in any manner, which could damage, disable, overburden or impair it or interfere with any other party's use and/or enjoyment of the Website. The User shall refrain from obtaining or attempting to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for, by HDFC, through the Website.
The User or agent of the User represents and warrants that it has the power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement and all necessary corporate, shareholder and/or other actions have been taken by it to authorize such execution, delivery and performance, and that this Agreement constitutes its legal, valid and binding obligation, enforceable in accordance with its terms. The execution, delivery and performance of its obligations under this Agreement does not and will not contravene any laws, regulation or order of any authority or other official body or agency or any judgment or decree of any court having jurisdiction over it or conflict with or result in any breach or default under any document binding upon it.
The User represents and confirms that the User is of legal age to enter into a binding contract and is not a person barred from accessing and using the Website and availing the Services under the laws of India or other applicable law.
The User acknowledges and agrees that:
As between User on one hand, and HDFC and its Affiliates on the other, HDFC or the Affiliates own all right, title and interest in HDFC and HDFC Brand Features;
Nothing in this Agreement shall confer in the User any license or right of ownership in HDFC Brand Features and/or the Website or its contents.
The data provided by the User shall be retained by HDFC till the time it may be required for providing HDFC’s services or any other additional products/services of HDFC and its affiliates.
To avail a Service through the Website, the User has and must continue to maintain at his sole cost:
All the necessary equipments including a computer and modem etc. to access the Website and/or avail the Services;
Own access to the World Wide Web. The User shall be responsible for accessing the Website and/or availing the Services which may involve third party fees including, airtime charges or internet service provider’s charges which are to be exclusively borne by the User.
The User also understands that the Services may include certain communications from HDFC as service announcements and administrative messages. The User understands and agrees that the Services are provided on an "as-is-where-is" basis and that HDFC does not assume any responsibility for deletions, mis-delivery or failure to store any User communications or personalized settings.
Registration Process For User
Registration of the User on the Website is optional. If the User opts to register himself on the Website, upon completion of the registration process, the User shall receive a User id and password. The User agrees and undertakes at all times to be responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and User id, and shall be fully responsible for all activities that occur by use of such password or User id. Further, the User agrees not to use any other party's under id and password for any purpose whatsoever without proper authorization from such party. The User is responsible for the security of his password and for all transactions undertaken using his password. The password entered by the User is transmitted in one- way encrypted form to HDFC’s database and stored as such. Thus the password will not be known even to HDFC. HDFC will not be responsible for any financial loss or any other loss, inconvenience or mental agony resulting from misuse of your ID / password / account details.
The User also agrees and undertakes to immediately notify HDFC of any unauthorized use of the User's password or User id and to ensure that the User logs off at the end of each session at the Website. HDFC shall not be responsible for any, direct or indirect, loss or damage arising out of the User's failure to comply with this requirement.
The User also agrees to: (a) provide true, accurate and complete information about himself and his beneficiaries as prompted by the registration form ("
Registration Data
") on the Website; and (b) Upon registration HDFC will permit the User to review the information/data provided by User and it shall be User’s obligation to maintain and promptly update the Registration Data to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. If the User provides any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete or HDFC has reasonable grounds to suspect that the Registration Data or any part thereof is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete and HDFC shall not be responsible for authenticity of data provided by User. HDFC has the right to suspend or terminate the User's registration and refuse any and all current or future use of the Website and/or any of the HDFC Services where is found that User had willfully provided any inaccurate information/data
Furthermore, the User grants HDFC the right to disclose to third parties the Registration Data to the extent necessary for the purpose of providing services by HDFC, its affiliates and third party service providers.
Confidentiality Clause
The Parties hereby agree to keep the data, information and terms of the contract (“
Confidential Information
”) confidential and shall not disclose the same without the consent of the other Party.
The Parties shall not be liable for breach of the above clause when the Confidential Information is disclosed in pursuant to an order of any court or government authority and/or, in performance of this contract by HDFC and/or when the parties independently obtain from third party.
Breach
Without prejudice to the other remedies available to HDFC under this Agreement or under applicable law, HDFC may limit the User's activity, warn other Users of the User's actions, immediately temporarily / indefinitely suspend or terminate the User's registration, and/or refuse to provide the User with access to the Website if:
The User is in breach of this Agreement and/or the documents it incorporates by reference;
HDFC is unable to verify or authenticate any information provided by the User; or
HDFC believes that the User's actions may infringe on any third party rights or breach any applicable law or otherwise result in any liability for the User, other Users of the Website and/or HDFC.
HDFC may at any time in its sole discretion reinstate suspended Users. Once the User has been indefinitely suspended the User may not register or attempt to register with HDFC or use the Website in any manner whatsoever until such time that the User is reinstated by HDFC. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the User breaches this Agreement or the documents it incorporates by reference, HDFC reserves the right to recover any amounts due and owing by the User to HDFC and to take strict legal action as HDFC deems necessary.
License And Proprietary Rights
Subject to the terms of this Agreement, HDFC hereby grants to the User, if and only to the extent the necessary functionality is provided to the User on or through the Website, the following limited, revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-assignable, worldwide, royalty-free rights and licenses (each a "
License
"): (i) the License to access, view and otherwise use the Website (including, without limitation any information or Services provided on or through the Website) for your personal, lawful use only, as intended through the normal functionality of the Website; (ii) if the Website includes a "Send to Friend" tool that allows the User to initiate and send to one of his friends an email communication that includes Website content, and the tool is operational, the License to use the tool to request that the Website's servers convey his message to his friend; (iii)the License to obtain a registered personal account (and related username and password) on the Website and interact with other Website Users as part of Website-based chat rooms, message boards, social media networks, online multiplayer games and/or other similar activities; (iv) the License to use any other functionality expressly provided by HDFC on or through the Website for use by Users, subject to this Agreement.
The content of the Website and all copyrights, patents, trademarks, service marks, trade names and all other intellectual property rights therein are owned by HDFC and/or its licensors and are protected by applicable Indian and international copyright and other intellectual property law. The User acknowledges, understands and agrees that he shall not have, nor be entitled to claim, any rights in and to the Website content and/or any portion thereof.
HDFC may provide the User with content including information, sound, photographs, graphics, video or other material through the Website. This material may be protected by copyrights, trademarks or other intellectual property rights and laws. The User may use this material only as expressly authorized by HDFC and shall not copy, transmit or create derivative works of such material without express authorization from HDFC.
The User acknowledges and agrees that he shall not upload, post, reproduce distribute or modify any content on or through the Website that is protected by copyright or other proprietary right of a third party, without obtaining the permission of the owner of such right. Any copyrighted or other proprietary content distributed on or through the Website with the consent of the owner must contain the appropriate copyright or other proprietary rights notice. The unauthorized submission or distribution of copyrighted or other proprietary content is illegal and could subject the User to personal liability or criminal prosecution.
The User agrees not to copy, reproduce, duplicate, stream, capture, access through technology or means other than those provided on the Website, perform, transfer, sell, resell, download, upload, archive, license to others, edit, modify, manipulate, create derivative works from or based upon (including, without limitation, mash-ups, montages, wallpapers, ringtones, greeting cards, or other merchandise), publish, republish, post, transmit, publicly display, frame, link from or to, distribute, share, embed, translate, decompile, reverse engineer, translate, incorporate into any hardware or software application, use for commercial purposes, or otherwise use or exploit the Website or any component part thereof. Any of the unauthorized uses referred to above would constitute an infringement of the copyrights and other proprietary rights of HDFC and/or its licensors (including, without limitation, other Website Users who have submitted their own information) and a violation of this Agreement and may subject User to civil and/or criminal liability under applicable laws.
Limitation Of Liability And Injunctive Relief
The User Understands And Expressly Agrees That To The Extent Permitted Under Applicable Laws, In No Event Will The Hdfc Or Any Of Its Affiliates Or Group Companies Or Any Of Their Respective Officers, Employees, Directors, Shareholders, Agents, Or Licensors Be Liable To User Or Anyone Else Under Any Theory Of Liability (Whether In Contract, Tort, Statutory, Or Otherwise) For Any Direct, Indirect, Incidental, Special, Consequential Or Exemplary Damages, Including But Not Limited To, Damages For Loss Of Revenues, Profits, Goodwill, Use, Data Or Other Intangible Losses (Even If Such Parties Were Advised Of, Knew Of Or Should Have Known Of The Possibility Of Such Damages), Resulting From The User’s Use (Or The Use Of Anyone Using An Account Registered To The User) On The Website Or Any Parts Thereof.
Notwithstanding Anything To The Contrary Herein, The User Hereby Irrevocably Waives Any Right Or Remedy To Seek And/or Obtain Injunctive Or Other Equitable Relief Or Any Order With Respect To, And/or To Enjoin Or Restrain Or Otherwise Impair In Any Manner, The Production, Distribution, Exhibition Or Other Exploitation Of Any The Hdfc Or Any Of Its Affiliate Or Group Company Related Services, Or The Use, Publication Or Dissemination Of Any Advertising In Connection With Such Services.
Relationship
None of the provisions of this Agreement, terms and conditions, notices or the right to use the Website by the User contained herein or any other section or pages of the Website and/or the Linked Sites, shall be deemed to constitute a partnership between the User and HDFC and no party shall have any authority to bind or shall be deemed to be the agent of the other in any way..
None of the provisions of this Agreement, terms and conditions, notices or the information displayed on the Website contained herein or any other section or pages of the Website and/or the Linked Sites or the Services provided by HDFC, shall be deemed to constitute a partnership between the HDFC and User or any other person or company or entity and no party shall have any authority to bind or shall be deemed to be the agent of the other in any way.
Indemnification
The User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless HDFC, its affiliates, group companies and their directors, officers, employees, agents, third party service providers, and any other third party providing any service to HDFC in relation to the Services whether directly or indirectly, from and against any and all losses, liabilities, claims, damages, costs and expenses (including legal fees and disbursements in connection therewith and interest chargeable thereon) asserted against or incurred by HDFC that arise out of, result from, or may be payable by virtue of, any breach or non-performance of any terms of this Agreement including any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement made or obligation to be performed by the User pursuant to this Agreement.
Severability
If any provision of this Agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part, such invalidity or unenforceability shall attach only to such provision or part of such provision and the remaining part of such provision and all other provisions of this Agreement shall continue to be in full force and effect.
Restriction of Usage and Access to website
The User agrees that HDFC may under certain circumstances and without prior notice, immediately restrict the User's usage of and/or limit access to the Website/ HDFC Services. Causes for restriction and /or limitation may include, but shall not be limited to, breach by the User of this Agreement, requests by enforcement or government agencies, requests by the User.
Should the User object to any terms and conditions of this Agreement or become dissatisfied with any HDFC Service in any way or wishes to withdraw any consent previously given, the User's should immediately:
discontinue use of the Website/ HDFC Service; and notify HDFC of such discontinuance by written communication or by sending e-mail from registered e-mail address of the User
Upon such communication by the User, HDFC shall have a right to put a restriction or limitation on use the Website/ Services and software by the User. The User shall have no right and HDFC shall have no obligation thereafter to execute any of the User's uncompleted tasks or forward any unread or unsent messages to the User or any third party. Once the User's usage of and /or access to website has been restricted and/or limited any data that the User had stored on the Website may not be available for the User’s disposal.
Complaints
In the event User has any grievance in relation to any information uploaded on the Website or with respect to processing of information or use of Website , User may contact our Grievance Officer provided at the Website ; or write at the address provided at the Website. The Grievance office shall endeavour to expeditiously redress the grievances, but within reasonable time as may be provided in applicable laws
Force Majeure
HDFC shall not be liable for any failure to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement or provide the Services or any part thereof if the performance is prevented, hindered or delayed by a Force Majeure Event (defined below) and in such case its obligations shall be suspended for so long as the Force Majeure Event continues.
“Force Majeure Event” means any event due to any cause beyond the reasonable control of any Party, including, without limitation, unavailability of any communication system, breach or virus in the systems, fire, flood, explosion, acts of God, civil commotion, riots, insurrection, war, acts of government.
Governing Law
This Agreement shall be governed by and constructed in accordance with the laws of India without reference to conflict of laws principles. In the event any dispute in relation hereto is brought by the User, it shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Mumbai, India however in the event any dispute in relation hereto is brought up
Instant Call Back
Give a Missed Call
Connect on WhatsApp
Apply Online
FAQs
WhatsApp
Instant Call Back
Give a Missed Call
Apply Online
WhatsApp
Please share your details to get a call from our Loan Expert!
×
Resident Indian
Non Resident Indian
Enter Your Full Name
Mobile Number
Enter Your Email Id
Pincode
Form Name
Disclaimer
I declare that the information I have provided is accurate & complete to the best of my knowledge. I hereby authorize HDFC Bank and its affiliates to call, email, send a text through the Short messaging Service (SMS) and/or Whatsapp
me in relation to any of their products. The consent herein shall override any registration for DNC/NDNC.
Submit
Enter Your Full Name
Country
Select your country
Middle East
Our Offices In Middle East
Select your country
Dubai
Sharjah
Ajman
Ras Al Khaimah
Kuwait
Qatar
Oman
Al Khobar
Riyadh
Jeddah
Abu Dhabi
Jubail
Muscat
Country Code
Area Code Of Mobile
Mobile Number
Enter Your Email Id
Location Of Property
Location Of Property
Form Name
Disclaimer
I declare that the information I have provided is accurate & complete to the best of my knowledge. I hereby authorize HDFC Bank and its affiliates to call, email, send a text through the Short messaging Service (SMS) and/or Whatsapp HDFC Bank
me in relation to any of their products. The consent herein shall override any registration for DNC/NDNC.
Submit
×
Thank you!
Our Loan Expert will call you soon!
OK
×
Something Went Wrong!
Please Try Again
Ok
×
Resident Indian
Non Resident Indian
Enter Your Full Name
Mobile Number
Enter Your Email Id
Pincode
Disclaimer
I declare that the information I have provided is accurate & complete to the best of my knowledge. I hereby authorize HDFC Bank and its affiliates to call, email, send a text through the Short messaging Service (SMS) and/or Whatsapp
me in relation to any of their products. The consent herein shall override any registration for DNC/NDNC.
Submit
Enter Your Full Name
Country
Select your country
Middle East
Our Offices In Middle East
Select your country
Dubai
Sharjah
Ajman
Ras Al Khaimah
Kuwait
Qatar
Oman
Al Khobar
Riyadh
Jeddah
Abu Dhabi
Jubail
Muscat
Country Code
Area Code Of Mobile
Mobile Number
Pincode
Enter Your Email Id
Location Of Property
Location Of Property
Disclaimer
I declare that the information I have provided is accurate & complete to the best of my knowledge. I hereby authorize HDFC Bank and its affiliates to call, email, send a text through the Short messaging Service (SMS) and/or Whatsapp
me in relation to any of their products. The consent herein shall override any registration for DNC/NDNC.
Submit
×
LOOKING FOR A NEW HOME LOAN?
Just give us a Missed Call on
+91-9289200017
×
Is there a Woman Co-Owner in the Property?
Yes
No
PAY FAST
LOAN TENURE
15 Years
Interest Rate
8.50
% p.a.
YOUR EMI
Get detailed quote
MOST POPULAR
LOAN TENURE
20 Years
INTEREST RATE
8.50
% p.a.
YOUR EMI
Apply online for quick approval
Get detailed quote
TAKE IT EASY
LOAN TENURE
30 Years
INTEREST RATE
8.50
% p.a.
YOUR EMI
Get detailed quote
For credit score of 800 and above*
* These rates are as on today,
Not sure what's right for you?
Give a Missed Call
×
"Appreciate the quick service and understanding at HDFC Housing Finance"
- Avinashkumar Rajpurohit,Mumbai
Thank you for sharing your details
Monthly EMI
₹
198341
Principal Amount
₹
198341
Interest Amount
₹
198341
Total Amount Payable
₹
198341
Apply Online
View Amortization Schedule
EMI break-down chart
Apply Online
Interest Rate
Document & Charges
Download Forms
FAQs
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually used to set your preferences, enabling logging in and filling in forms, tracking and improving performance,  and personalizing your experience on our own platforms. 
You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site may not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies are used to increase the relevance of our advertising on external platforms, as well as to understand and improve the effectiveness of it. They are also used to build user profiles, including showing you ads based on products you’ve viewed, or acts you have taken on our platform.
These are set by HDFC Bank's trusted third party networks.
Back Button
Performance Cookies
Vendor Search
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookies Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies