Privacy Policy
"Days" is built as a freemium and/or ad supported service. This service is provided by MD Apps LTD at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors and users of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information within our service.
If you choose to use our service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The personal information that we collect is used for providing and improving the service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience while using our service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you. These are:
AdMob
Firebase Analytics
Google Analytics
Facebook
Crashlytics
RevenueCat
OpenAI
Log Data
When using our service, you may sometimes experience crashes or errors. In this case we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol ("IP") address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilising our service, the time and date of your use of the service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This service does not use these "cookies" explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use "cookies" to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our service
To provide the service on our behalf
To perform service-related services
To assist us in analysing how our service is used
Users of this service should be aware that these third parties have access to your personal information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your personal information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise that you review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
These services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Terms
The Days software (“the software”) is licensed (and, for the avoidance of doubt, not sold) to you on a non-exclusive basis for your personal use only and may not be used for any commercial purpose nor for the benefit of any third party and all rights of ownership in the software (including copyright which is protected by national laws and international treaty) are reserved by and belong to MD Apps LTD.
You may not resell, rent, lease, sublicense, lend or supply copies of the software (including any nap program or part of a program comprised in the software or downloaded from it) to any other party nor assign subcontract or in any way make over the benefit of this license to any other party nor may you make copies of, modify, decompile, adapt, translate, attempt to reverse engineer or discover the internal workings of, or otherwise exploit the software.
The software and related documentation are provided on an “as is” basis and without representation or warranty of any kind expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, any warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose whether imposed by law or otherwise implied all of which are hereby excluded to the maximum extent permitted by law.
You agree to satisfy yourself independently that the software is suitable for your use of same before you use it.
Any liability of the Licensor for any defect in the software shall be limited to the price paid by you for the license to use same and, for the avoidance of doubt, under no circumstances shall the Licensor be liable for any incidental, special or consequential loss or damage (and related costs and expenses) resulting from the use or inability to use the software or related documentation.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy or Terms, do not hesitate to contact us.
We can be contacted through the app or via
Twitter @GetDaysApp
.