Scan to Download
Privacy Notice for the Soon app by Beginner AB in Sweden
Last updated July 21, 2022
Thank you for choosing to be part of our community at Beginner AB ("company", "we", "us", or "our"). We are committed to protecting your
            personal information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about our policy, or our practices with regards
            to your personal information, please contact us at hello@soonapp.co.
Your Privacy Rights. In accordance with applicable law, you may have the right to:
Access Personal Information about you, including: (i) confirming whether we are processing your personal information; (ii) obtaining access to or a copy of your personal information;
Request Correction of your personal information where it is inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. In some cases, we may provide self-service tools that enable you to update your personal information;
Request Deletion, Anonymization or Blocking of your personal information when processing is based on your consent or when processing is unnecessary, excessive or noncompliant;
Request Restriction of or Object to our processing of your personal information when processing is noncompliant;
Withdraw your Consent to our processing of your personal information. If you refrain from providing personal information or withdraw your consent to processing, some features of our Service may not be available;
Request data portability and receive an electronic copy of personal information that you have provided to us;
Be informed about third parties with which your personal information has been shared.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us as set forth below. We will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws.
Respect of the rights of the Platform Users
You have certain rights regarding your Personal Data, as follows:
Right of access: it allows you to access free of charge the Personal Data collected about you.
Right of rectification: it allows you to update or correct the accuracy of your Data. You can exercise this right directly from your account settings.
Right of deletion: it can be exercised when the processing of Personal Data is no longer necessary for the purposes for which they were collected or, if applicable, when you withdraw your consent to the processing.
Right to object to the collection and processing of all or part of your Personal Data: this right is not absolute and applies only to Personal Data collected for commercial prospecting purposes, including profiling when it is linked to commercial prospecting activities. When you choose to object to such processing we ask you to indicate the reasons for your objection so that we can balance our legitimate interests against your request.
Right to limit the processing of Personal Data. This right is not absolute, and can only be applied when:
You may then request that the processing of your Personal Data be stopped for the time necessary to verify the accuracy of the requested rectification.
you wish to object to the deletion of your Personal Data whose processing was unlawful;
Soon app no longer needs the Personal Data in accordance with the purposes of processing but they are still necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims;
You wish to exercise your right to object as described in 8.4. You may then request that the processing of your Personal Data be stopped for the time necessary to balance our legitimate interests against your request.
Before we can respond to a request to exercise one or more of your rights, we may ask you to confirm some of your Account information to verify your identity. In case of reasonable doubt, we may ask you for identification.
When you visit our website https://soonapp.co/, mobile application,
            and use our services, you trust us with your personal information. We
            take your privacy very seriously. In this privacy notice, we describe
            our privacy policy. We seek to explain to you in the clearest way
            possible what information we collect, how we use it and what rights
            you have in relation to it. We hope you take some time to read through
            it carefully, as it is important. If there are any terms in this
            privacy policy that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of
            our Sites or Apps and our services.
This privacy policy applies to all information collected through our
            website (such as https://soonapp.co/), mobile application, ("Apps"),
            and/or any related services, sales, marketing or events (we refer to
            them collectively in this privacy policy as the "Sites").
Please read this privacy policy carefully as it will help you make
            informed decisions about sharing your personal information with us.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
2. HOW DO WE HANDLE USER SUBMISSION?
3. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
4. WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?
5. DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?
6. DO WE USE GOOGLE MAPS?
7. HOW DO WE HANDLE YOUR SOCIAL LOGINS?
8. IS YOUR INFORMATION TRANSFERRED INTERNATIONALLY?
9. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
10. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
11. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
12. DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
13. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS POLICY?
14. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS POLICY?
1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Personal information you disclose to us
In Short: We collect personal information that you provide to us such
            as name, address, contact information, passwords and security data,
            payment information, and social media login data.
We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us
            when registering at the Sites or Apps, expressing an interest in
            obtaining information about us or our products and services, when
            participating in activities on the Sites or Apps or otherwise
            contacting us.
The personal information that we collect depends on the context of
            your interactions with us and the Sites or Apps, the choices you make
            and the products and features you use. The personal information we
            collect can include the following:
Name and Contact Data. We collect your first and last name, email
            address, postal address, phone number, and other similar contact data.
Credentials. We collect passwords, password hints, and similar
            security information used for authentication and account access.
Payment Data. We collect data necessary to process your payment if you
            make purchases, such as your payment instrument number (such as a
            credit card number), and the security code associated with your
            payment instrument. All payment data is stored by our payment
            processor and you should review its privacy policies and contact the
            payment processor directly to respond to your questions.
Social Media Login Data. We provide you with the option to register
            using social media account details, like your Facebook, Twitter or
            other social media account. If you choose to register in this way, we
            will collect the Information described in the section called "HOW DO
            WE HANDLE YOUR SOCIAL LOGINS" below.
All personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete
            and accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal
            information.
Information automatically collected
In Short: Some information – such as IP address and/or browser and
            device characteristics – is collected automatically when you visit our
            Sites or Apps.
We automatically collect certain information when you visit, use or
            navigate the Sites or Apps. This information does not reveal your
            specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may
            include device and usage information, such as your IP address, browser
            and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences,
            referring URLs, device name, country, location, information about how
            and when you use our Sites or Apps and other technical information.
            This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and
            operation of our Sites or Apps, and for our internal analytics and
            reporting purposes.
Like many businesses, we also collect information through cookies and
            similar technologies.
Information collected through our Apps
In Short: We may collect information regarding your geo-location,
            mobile device, push notifications, when you use our apps.
If you use our Apps, we may also collect the following information:
Geo-Location Information. We may request access or permission to and
            track location-based information from your mobile device, either
            continuously or while you are using our mobile application, to provide
            location-based services. If you wish to change our access or
            permissions, you may do so in your device’s settings.
Mobile Device Access. We may request access or permission to certain
            features from your mobile device, including your mobile device’s
            social media accounts, storage, contacts, and other features. If you
            wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your
            device’s settings.
Mobile Device Data. We may automatically collect device information
            (such as your mobile device ID, model and manufacturer), operating
            system, version information and IP address.
Push Notifications. We may request to send you push notifications
            regarding your account or the mobile application. If you wish to
            opt-out from receiving these types of communications, you may turn
            them off in your device’s settings.
Information collected from other sources
In Short: We may collect limited data from public databases, marketing
            partners, social media platforms, and other outside sources.
We may obtain information about you from other sources, such as public
            databases, joint marketing partners, social media platforms (such as
            Facebook), as well as from other third parties. Examples of the
            information we receive from other sources include: social media
            profile information(your name, gender, birthday, email, current city,
            state and country, user identification numbers for your contacts,
            profile picture URL and any other information that you choose to make
            public); marketing leads and search results and links, including paid
            listings (such as sponsored links).
2. HOW DO WE HANDLE USER SUBMISSION?
User Submissions.
We may use your User Submissions in various ways related to the Soon
            mobile Application, Service and Beginner’s business as Beginner may
            determine in its sole discretion, including but not limited to,
            reformatting it, promoting it, distributing it, publicly displaying
            it, incorporating it into marketing materials and other works,
            creating other works from it, and allowing users to do the same in
            connection with their own platforms and applications ("Third Party
            Media").
By submitting User Submissions on the mobile Application or through
            the Service, you hereby do and shall grant Beginner AB a worldwide,
            royalty-free, non-exclusive, fully paid, sublicensable and
            transferable license to use, edit, copy, reproduce, distribute,
            modify, prepare derivative works of, display, perform, and otherwise
            fully exploit the User Submissions in connection with the Site, the
            Service and Beginner’s (and its successors and assigns') business,
            including without limitation for promoting and redistributing part or
            all of the Application or Site (and derivative works thereof) or the
            Service in any media formats and through any media channels
            (including, without limitation, third party websites and feeds).
You also hereby do and shall grant each user of the Site and/or the
            Service, including Third Party Media, a non-exclusive license to
            access your User Submissions through the Site and the Service, and to
            use, edit, modify, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of,
            display and perform such User Submissions in connection with their use
            of the Site, Service and Third Party Media. For clarity, the foregoing
            license grant to Beginner does not affect your other ownership or
            license rights in your User Submission(s), including the right to
            grant additional licenses to the material in your User Submission(s),
            unless otherwise agreed in writing with Beginner AB.
You represent and warrant that you have all rights to grant such
            license to us without infringement or violation of any third party
            rights, including without limitation, any privacy rights, publicity
            rights, copyrights, contract rights, or any other intellectual
            property or proprietary rights.
You understand that all information publicly posted or privately
            transmitted through Soon is the sole responsibility of the person from
            which such Content originated; that Beginner AB will not be liable for
            any errors or omissions in any Content; and that Beginner AB cannot
            guarantee the identity of any other users with whom you may interact
            in the course of using the Service.
When you delete your User Submissions, they will be removed from the Service. However, you understand that any removed User Submissions may persist in backup copies for a reasonable period of time (but following removal will not be shared with others) or may remain with users who have previously accessed or downloaded your User Submissions.
To delete your account you go to the home tab, tap in the upper right corner button, in the action sheet you then tap Delete account. Your account and personal information will then be deleted as stated in the privacy policy.
3. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short: We process your information for purposes based on legitimate
            business interests, the fulfillment of our contract with you,
            compliance with our legal obligations, and/or your consent.
We use personal information collected via our Sites or Apps for a
            variety of business purposes described below. We process your personal
            information for these purposes in reliance on our legitimate business
            interests ("Business Purposes"), in order to enter into or perform a
            contract with you ("Contractual"), with your consent ("Consent"),
            and/or for compliance with our legal obligations ("Legal Reasons"). We
            indicate the specific processing grounds we rely on next to each
            purpose listed below.
We use the information we collect or receive:
To facilitate account creation and log in process with your Consent.
            If you choose to link your account with us to a third party account
            *(such as your Google or Facebook account), we use the information you
            allowed us to collect from those third parties to facilitate account
            creation and log in process. See the section below headed "HOW DO WE
            HANDLE YOUR SOCIAL LOGINS" for further information.
To send you marketing and promotional communications for Business
            Purposes. We and/or our third party marketing partners may use the
            personal information you send to us for our marketing purposes, if
            this is in accordance with your marketing preferences. You can opt-out
            of our marketing emails at any time (see the "WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY
            RIGHTS" below).
To send administrative information to you. We may use your personal
            information to send you product, service, and new feature information
            and/or information about changes to our terms, conditions, and
            policies.
For other Business Purposes. We may use your information for other
            Business Purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends,
            determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to
            evaluate and improve our Sites or Apps, products, services, marketing,
            and your experience.
4. WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?
In Short: We only share information with your consent, to comply with
            laws, to protect your rights, or to fulfill business obligations.
We only share and disclose your information in the following
            situations:
Compliance with Laws. We may disclose your information where we are
            legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law,
            governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal
            process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including
            in response to public authorities to meet national security or law
            enforcement requirements).
Vital Interests and Legal Rights. We may disclose your information
            where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take
            action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected
            fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any
            person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which
            we are involved.
Vendors, Consultants, and Other Third-Party Service Providers. We may
            share your data with third party vendors, service providers,
            contractors or agents who perform services for us or on our behalf and
            require access to such information to do that work. Examples include:
            payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting services,
            customer service, and marketing efforts. We may allow selected third
            parties to use tracking technology on the Sites or Apps, which will
            enable them to collect data about how you interact with the Sites or
            Apps over time. This information may be used to, among other things,
            analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content
            and better understand online activity. Unless described in this
            Policy, we do not share, sell, rent or trade any of your information
            with third parties for their promotional purposes.
Business Transfers. We may share or transfer your information in
            connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of
            company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our
            business to another company.
With your Consent. We may disclose your personal information for any
            other purpose with your consent.
5. DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?
In Short: We may use cookies and other tracking technologies to
            collect and store your information.
We may use cookies and similar tracking technologies (like web beacons
            and pixels) to access or store information. Specific information about
            how we use such technologies and how you can refuse certain cookies is
            set out in our Cookie Policy.
6. DO WE USE GOOGLE MAPS?
In Short: Yes, we use Google Maps for the purpose of providing better
            service.
This website, mobile application, or Facebook application uses Google
            Maps APIs. You may find the Google Maps APIs Terms of Service
here
. To better
            understand Google’s Privacy Policy, please refer to this
link
.
By using our Maps API Implementation, you agree to be bound by
            Google’s Terms of Service.
7. HOW DO WE HANDLE YOUR SOCIAL LOGINS?
In Short: If you choose to register or log in to our websites using a
            social media account, we may have access to certain information about
            you.
Our Sites or Apps offer you the ability to register and login using
            your third party social media account details (like your Facebook or
            Twitter logins). Where you choose to do this, we will receive certain
            profile information about you from your social media provider. The
            profile Information we receive may vary depending on the social media
            provider concerned, but will often include your name, e-mail address,
            friends list, profile picture as well as other information you choose
            to make public.
We will use the information we receive only for the purposes that are
            described in this privacy policy or that are otherwise made clear to
            you on the Sites or Apps. Please note that we do not control, and are
            not responsible for, other uses of your personal information by your
            third party social media provider. We recommend that you review their
            privacy policy to understand how they collect, use and share your
            personal information, and how you can set your privacy preferences on
            their sites and apps.
8. IS YOUR INFORMATION TRANSFERRED INTERNATIONALLY?
In Short: We may transfer, store, and process your information in
            countries other than your own.
Our servers are located in United States. If you are accessing our
            Sites or Apps from outside United States, please be aware that your
            information may be transferred to, stored, and processed by us in our
            facilities and by those third parties with whom we may share your
            personal information (see "WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH
            ANYONE?" above), in United States, and other countries.
If you are a resident in the European Economic Area, then these
            countries may not have data protection or other laws as comprehensive
            as those in your country. We will however, take all necessary measures
            to protect your personal information in accordance with this privacy
            policy and applicable law.
EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework:
In particular Beginner ABcomplies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield
            Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding
            the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred
            from the European Union to the United States and has certified its
            compliance with it. As such, Beginner AB is committed to subjecting
            all personal information received from European Union (EU) member
            countries, in reliance on the Privacy Shield Framework, to the
            Framework’s applicable Principles. To learn more about the Privacy
            Shield Framework, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Privacy
Shield List
.
Beginner AB is responsible for the processing of personal information
            it receives, under the Privacy Shield Framework, and subsequently
            transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf.
With respect to personal information received or transferred pursuant
            to the Privacy Shield Framework, Beginner AB is subject to the
            regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. FTC. In certain situations,
            we may be required to disclose personal information in response to
            lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national
            security or law enforcement requirements.
9. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short: We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill
            the purposes outlined in this privacy policy unless otherwise required
            by law.
We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is
            necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy, unless a
            longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax,
            accounting or other legal requirements). No purpose in this policy
            will require us keeping your personal information for longer than 2
            years past the termination of the user's account.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your
            personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it, or, if
            this is not possible (for example, because your personal information
            has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your
            personal information and isolate it from any further processing until
            deletion is possible.
10. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
In Short: We aim to protect your personal information through a system
            of organizational and technical security measures.
We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security
            measures designed to protect the security of any personal information
            we process. However, please also remember that we cannot guarantee
            that the internet itself is 100% secure. Although we will do our best
            to protect your personal information, transmission of personal
            information to and from our Sites or Apps is at your own risk. You
            should only access the services within a secure environment.
11. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short: In some regions, such as the European Economic Area, you
            have rights that allow you greater access to and control over your
            personal information. You may review, change, or terminate your
            account at any time.
In some regions (like the European Economic Area), you have certain
            rights under applicable data protection laws. These may include the
            right (i) to request access and obtain a copy of your personal
            information, (ii) to request rectification or erasure; (iii) to
            restrict the processing of your personal information; and (iv) if
            applicable, to data portability. In certain circumstances, you may
            also have the right to object to the processing of your personal
            information. To make such a request, please use the contact details
            provided below. We will consider and act upon any request in
            accordance with applicable data protection laws.
If we are relying on your consent to process your personal
            information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
            Please note however, that this will not affect the lawfulness of the
            processing before its withdrawal.
If you are resident in the European Economic Area and you believe we
            are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the
            right to complain to your local data protection supervisory authority.
            You can find their contact details here:
http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm
Account Information
If you would at any time like to review or change the information in
            your account or terminate your account, you can:
■ Contact us using the contact information provided.
Upon your request to terminate your account, we will deactivate or
            delete your account and information from our active databases.
            However, some information may be retained in our files to prevent
            fraud, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce
            our Terms of Use and/or comply with legal requirements.
Opting out of email marketing: You can unsubscribe from our marketing
            email list at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the
            emails that we send or by contacting us using the details provided
            below. You will then be removed from the marketing email list –
            however, we will still need to send you service-related emails that
            are necessary for the administration and use of your account. To
            otherwise opt-out, you may:
■ Click the unsubscribe link in the email
12. DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short: Yes, if you are a resident of California, you are granted
            specific rights regarding access to your personal information.
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine The
            Light” law, permits our users who are California residents to request
            and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about
            categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third
            parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of
            all third parties with which we shared personal information in the
            immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident
            and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in
            writing to us using the contact information provided below.
If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a
            registered account with the Sites or Apps, you have the right to
            request removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the Sites
            or Apps. To request removal of such data, please contact us using the
            contact information provided below, and include the email address
            associated with your account and a statement that you reside in
            California. We will make sure the data is not publicly displayed on
            the Sites or Apps, but please be aware that the data may not be
            completely or comprehensively removed from our systems.
13. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS POLICY?
In Short: Yes, we will update this policy as necessary to stay
            compliant with relevant laws.
We may update this privacy policy from time to time. The updated
            version will be indicated by an updated “Revised” date and the updated
            version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make
            material changes to this privacy policy, we may notify you either by
            prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending
            you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy policy
            frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
14. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS POLICY?
If you have questions or comments about this policy, you may contact
            our Data Protection Officer (DPO), Simon Persson, by email at
            hello@soonapp.co, or by post to:
Beginner AB
Simon Persson
Skeppsbron 16
Stockholm, 11130
Sweden
PERSONAL DATA MANAGEMENT
According to the Privacy Policy, you agree to share your personal data
            with our service. However, you still have the right to update,
            transfer or delete it from us. If you need further management for your
            data, please click
here
.