Login
Embrace Privacy Policy
Effective Date
: 2016, February 29th
PLEASE NOTE: YOU ARE USING A BETA VERSION OF THIS APP. WE MAY CHANGE THE PRIVACY POLICY FOR THE SERVICE PRIOR TO OR AFTER FINAL LAUNCH WITHOUT ADVANCE NOTIFICATION TO YOU.  PLEASE CHECK BACK TO VIEW OUR FINAL PRIVACY POLICY.
Empatica Inc. (“
Empatica
”, “we”, “us” or “our”) with registered office at 1 Broadway, Cambridge MA, 02142, hereby provides its privacy policy (“
Privacy Policy
”) which explains how we collect, use, disclose and otherwise process the personal data collected through the Embrace watch ("Embrace") and the Empatica application ("App"). This policy does not apply to the Empatica website, located at
www.empatica.com
.  Your use of our App, Embrace, and any dispute over privacy, is subject to this Privacy Policy and our End User License Agreement (“
EULA
”), including its applicable limitations on liability and the resolution of disputes.
Embrace and the App may be used by adults and by children.  Where Embrace is to be worn by a minor, we require that a parent register for the App on behalf of the minor.  Where such minor is under 13 years old, the parent must provide verifiable parental consent to the collection and use of the personal information by us.  Please see the Information for Parents of Children Under 13 section below.
Personal Data collection
Embrace allows you to monitor physiological stress, arousal, sleep and physical activity. We collect information about you directly from you and automatically through your use of Embrace and the App. We may combine information automatically collected with other information that we have collected about you. In order to use the App, you must also purchase Embrace and pair it through the App, download the App and register with us.
●
App Registration
. We collect name, email address and mobile phone number of the Embrace user (and their parents if the user is under 18) and any designated caregivers, and users (or their parents) must create a password to access the App.  We also request that you provide the date of birth for the user of Embrace, and, if the user is a minor, we require a parent to provide consent to use the App.
●
Other Information
. We automatically collect the following information via Embrace and the App, whenever your device is connected to the Internet:
o
Physiological Information
.  Our Embrace watch tracks, in real-time skin conductance, temperature, movement and acceleration; we may also derive heart rate and other physiological information from the Embrace sensor information.  This information is transmitted, automatically, from Embrace to the App, using Bluetooth
(R)
, and then from the App to us via your mobile device’s WiFi connection.
o
Automatically Collected Information
. We also collect other technical information, automatically, through the App, including IP address, Embrace identifier, geolocation information, the dates and times you access our App, the phone/device type; software version; operating system; Bluetooth and WiFi settings (On/Off).
Use of Your Information
The information we collect through the App – including health information,
[1]
information collected automatically through Embrace, and other personal information – will be processed for the following purposes:
●
To provide the services available through Embrace and the App, including gathering activity information and sending text or phone communications to you about certain activities.
●
To understand and analyze how users interact with Embrace and the App, as well as the detection capability of the sensors and signals transmitted by Embrace, in order to understand and analyze the usage patterns of Embrace and the App, and to inform the development of our products.
●
To improve the App, Embrace and our services, and to develop new features, services and products.
●
To fulfil any legal or regulatory obligations, respond to governmental inquiries or other legal process, and as evidence in litigation.
●
To protect our rights or those of any other person, including to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, threats to safety, and violations of our EULA or this Privacy Policy.
The personal data we collect will be processed in the United States of America (as explained below).  If you do not disclose your personal data to us, you will not be able to use Embrace or the App.
Disclosure of Personal Data
We may disclose the information we collect via Embrace and the App as follows:
●
Parents and Caregivers
.
Parents may access their children’s personal data collected by us, and may choose to receive notices of certain activity through the App; parents and users may also designate additional caregivers to receive such notices.
●
Service Providers
[3]
. We may disclose the information we collect from you to third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform functions on our behalf.
●
Business Transfers
. If we are acquired by or merged with another company, if substantially all of our assets are transferred to another company, or as part of a bankruptcy proceeding, we may transfer the information we have collected from you to the other company.
●
Legal Process
and Regulatory Disclosures
. We also may disclose the information we collect from you in order to comply with the law
[5]
, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process, such as in response to a subpoena. We may also share information about the App and Embrace with regulators, as required by law or necessary to obtain any regulator approval.
●
To Protect Us and Others
. We also may disclose the information we collect from you where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Use or this Policy, and as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
●
Aggregate and De-Identified Information
. We may share aggregate or de-identified information about users with third parties for marketing, advertising, research or similar purposes.
[7]
Tracking mechanisms
We and our data processors use cookies and other tracking mechanisms to track information about your use of the App, including the automatically collected information described above. For example, we use Google Analytics (and other analytics services) to collect basic App usage information, such as screens viewed, date and time stamps, errors and other usage details.  We do not share your personal information with these third party analytics providers.
Do not track disclosure
Embrace and the App do not respond to do not track signals; however, we do not track your activity across third party apps or websites
. For more information about do not track signals, please click
here
.
Third-party links
Our App may contain links to third-party websites and applications. Any access to and use of such linked websites and applications is not governed by this Privacy Policy but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third parties. We are not responsible for the information practices of such third-party websites or applications.
Security
We have taken steps to help protect personal data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. However, no data security measures can guarantee 100% security. You should take steps to protect against unauthorized access to your account by, among other things, choosing a robust password that nobody else knows or can easily guess, and keeping your log-in and password private and regularly changing your password. We are not responsible for any lost, stolen, or compromised passwords or for any activity on your account via unauthorized password activity.
Data Controller
The Data Controller, and Operator is Empatica Inc. with registered office at 1 Broadway, Cambridge MA, 02142, email privacy@empatica.com. A complete list of the data processors may be requested from the Data Controller, following the procedures set forth in the paragraph below.
Access to Personal Data
You may access the personal data we have collected about you by contacting us at the contact details below. In addition, parents
Information for Parents of Children Under 13
Where Embrace is used to collect information from a child under 13 years old, before we collect any personal information from that child, we will first obtain verifiable consent from that child’s parent, as required by the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA).
Information Collection, Use and Disclosure
.
The personal information that we collect from children is set forth above under the “Personal Data Collection” section, and we use the information as explained in the “Use of Information” section above.  As noted above, we may disclose information to Caregivers designated by you to receive notifications from the App; however, we do not disclose the personal data we collect to third parties, other than service providers or as otherwise required by law.
Operator
.
The operator of the App is
[
Empatica, Inc.,
1 Broadway, Cambridge MA, 02142, email privacy@empatica.com
.
Parents’ Rights to Children’s Data
.
Parents may review and/or request that we delete their child's personal information. Parents may also revoke their consent and refuse to permit further collection or use of the child's information by us (though, please note that we will no longer be able to provide our services to you and your child if you do so).  Parents may exercise their rights with respect to their children’s personal data by contacting us at privacy@empatica.com. Please note that you will be required to verify your identity in order access or delete your child’s personal information.  In addition, parents may view their children’s personal information and Embrace activity information by logging into the App and viewing such information.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is current as of the Effective Date set forth above. We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please be sure to check back periodically. We will post any changes to this Privacy Policy in our App.
Back to home