We value your privacy
We and our
partners
store and/or access information on a device, such as cookies and process personal data, such as unique identifiers and standard information sent by a device for personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.  With your permission we and our partners may use precise geolocation data and identification through device scanning. You may click to consent to our and our 1470 partners’ processing as described above. Alternatively you may access more detailed information and change your preferences before consenting or to refuse consenting.  Please note that some processing of your personal data may not require your consent, but you have a right to object to such processing. Your preferences will apply to this website only. You can change your preferences or withdraw your consent at any time by returning to this site and clicking the "Privacy" button at the bottom of the webpage.
EN
ES
TR
IT
FR
AR
RU
PT
TELEGRAM
My account
Sign Out
Set favourite tournaments, comment and vote on matches and more!
Sign In
Sign Up
Live Scores
Statistics
Previews
News
Top Facts
Free Bets
TELEGRAM
Odds
Top Tournaments
Favourites
All Tournaments
Privacy Policy
WhoScored.com is committed to protecting your privacy online. WhoScored.com is a football
statistics and news website. This Privacy Policy endeavours to describe to you our practices
regarding the personal information we collect from users on our website, located at
www.whoscored.com (the "
Site
"), our mobile application entitled (the "
App
") and the services
offered through the Site and App.
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, our collection practices the processing of
user information, or if you would like to report a security violation to us directly, please contact
us
here
.
What Data We Collect
General Data:
The use of our services will automatically create information that will be collected. For example,
when you use our Services, your geographic location, how you use the Services, information
about the type of device you use, your Open Device Identification Number, date/time stamps for
your visit, your unique device identifier, your browser type, operating system, Internet Protocol
(IP) address, and domain name are all collected. This information is generally used to help us
deliver the most relevant information to you and administer and improve the Site. In addition, in
the event our App crashes on your mobile device, we will receive information about your mobile
device model software version and device carrier, which allows us to identify and fix bugs and
otherwise improve the performance of our App.
Log Files:
As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files.
This information includes IP addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (“ISP”), referring/
exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We use this information to
maintain and improve the performance of the Services.
Analytics:
We use analytics services (including, but not limited to, Google Analytics) to help analyze how
users use the Site. Analytics services use Cookies to collect information such as how often
users visit the Site and we use the information to improve our Site and Services. The analytics
services' ability to use and share information collected by them is restricted by their terms of use
and privacy policy, which you should refer to for more information about how these entities use
this information.
Cookies:
"Cookies" are small pieces of information (text files) that a website sends to your computer’s
hard drive while you are viewing the website. These text files that can be used by websites to
make a user's experience more efficient.
The law states that we can store these cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for
the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission.
To that end, this site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party
services that appear on our pages. We and some third parties may use both session Cookies
(which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent Cookies (which stay on your
computer until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience
on our Services and to market the Services or other products.
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that
are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and
third party advertisers. This tracking is done on an anonymous basis and, while not an
exhaustive list, some of the companies we work with are Google, AppNexus, Criteo, Rubicon,
Pubmatic and DistrictM
To learn more about this practice, including the Self Regulatory Principles for Online Advertising,
to which we adhere, you can visit
www.aboutads.info/choices
optout.networkadvertising.org
www.youronlinechoices.com
Location Information:
If you have enabled location services on your mobile device, we collect your location information
to make a map available to the recipients of your messages showing your location. If you do not
want this information collected by us, you can disable location services on your mobile device.
Use of Your Personal information
In general, personal information you submit to us is used either to respond to requests that you
make, aid us in serving you better, or market our Services. We use your personal information in
the following ways:
Operate, maintain, and improve our site(s), products, and services;
Respond to comments and questions and provide customer service;
Send information including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
Communicate about promotions, upcoming events, and other news about products and services offered by us and our selected partners;
Link or combine user information with other personal information we get from third parties, to help understand your needs and provide you with better service;
Develop, improve, and deliver marketing and advertising for the Services;
Provide and deliver products and services you request;
Identify you as a user in our system;
Facilitate the creation of and secure your Account on our network; and
We may store and process your personal information in servers in the United States and other
countries.
We may also create anonymous data records from your personal information by completely
excluding information (such as your name) that makes the data personally identifiable to you.
We use this anonymous data to analyze request and usage patterns so that we may enhance
the content of our Services and improve Site and App navigation. We reserve the right to use
anonymous data for any purpose and disclose anonymous data to third parties in our sole
discretion.
We may receive testimonials and comments from users who have had positive experiences with
our Services. We may publish such content. When we publish this content, we may identify our
users by their first and last name as well as the user's title, school or company, and major. We
obtain the user's consent prior to posting this information along with the testimonial. We may
post user feedback on the Site from time to time. We may share your feedback with your first
and last name as well as the user's title, school or company, and major. If we choose to post
such information along with your feedback, we will obtain your consent prior to posting you
name with your feedback.
Disclosure of Your Personal information
We disclose your personal information as described below and as described elsewhere in this
Privacy Policy.
Third Parties Designated by You:
When you use the Services, the personal information you provide will be shared with the third
parties that you authorise to receive such information.
Third Party Service Providers:
We may share your personal information with third party service providers to: provide you with
the Services that we offer you through our Services; conduct quality assurance testing; facilitate
creation of accounts; to provide technical support; market the Services; and/or to provide other
services to us.
Information You Share:
Our Site and Services allow you to share content and information. Please be mindful of your
own privacy needs as you choose who to connect with and what to share and make public. We
cannot control the privacy or security of information you choose to make public on the Site. If
you share information about others, we suggest you get consent for any information you may
share about them.
Information We Share:
We may disclose aggregated information about our users and information that does not identify
any individual without restriction. In addition, we may disclose personal information that we
collect or you provide:
To fulfil the purpose for which you provide it, for any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information, or with your consent;
To third parties designated by you;
With our subsidiaries and affiliates;
To third parties to process payments made through the Services;
With contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business;
With a Social Networking Site (SNS) if you choose to post content to an SNS through the Service;
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us about users is among the assets transferred; and
Other Disclosures:
Regardless of any choices you make regarding your Personal information (as described below), WhoScored.com may disclose Personal information if it believes in good faith that such disclosure is necessary: (i) in connection with any legal investigation; (ii) to comply with relevant
laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on our company; (iii) to protect or defend
the rights or property of WhoScored.com or users of the Services; and/or (iv) to investigate or
assist in preventing any violation or potential violation of the law, this Privacy Policy, or our
Terms of Use.
Third Party Websites
Our Site or App may contain links to third party websites. When you click on a link to any other
website or location, you will leave our Site, App or Services and go to another site, and another
entity may collect personal information or anonymous data from you. We have no control over,
do not review, and are not responsible for, these outside websites or their content. Please be
aware that the terms of this Privacy Policy do not apply to these outside websites or content, or
to any collection of your personal information after you click on links to such outside websites.
We encourage you to read the privacy policies of every website and App you visit. The links to
third party websites or locations are for your convenience and do not signify our endorsement of
such third parties or their products, content or websites.
Your Choices Regarding Information
Choices:
We offer you choices regarding the collection, use, and sharing of your personal information.
We may periodically send you newsletters and emails that directly promote the use of our
Services. When you receive newsletters or promotional communications from us, you may
indicate a preference to stop receiving further communications from us and you will have the
opportunity to “opt-out” by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the email you
receive or by contacting us directly (please see contact information below). Despite your
indicated email preferences, we may send you service related communications, including
notices of any updates to our Terms of Use or Privacy Policy.
Cookies:
If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to accept cookies from our Services for any of
the purposes described above, then you can instruct your browser, by changing its settings, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit.
Consult your browser’s technical information. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may
not be able to use all portions of the Services or all functionality of the Services. If you have any
questions about how to disable or modify cookies, please let us know at the contact information
provided below.
A Note About Children
Our Services are not directed to children under the age of 13 and children under the age of 13
are not eligible to use our Services. If a child under 13 submits personal information to us and
we learn that the personal information is the personal information of a child under 13, we will
take steps to remove the personal information from our databases. If you believe that we might
have any personal information from a child under 13, please contact us
here
.
Your Rights
As a user of our site you have the following rights:
The right to ask what personal data that we hold about you at any time. Extra requests (particularly repetitive) for data may result in a fee being charged to the user.
The right to ask us to update and correct any out-of-date or incorrect personal data that we hold about you free of charge.
As set out above, the right to opt out of any marketing communications that we may send you.
To request to have your user account deleted, please contact us
here
.
Further information regarding your rights can be found under:
https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/individual-rights/
If you wish to exercise any of the above rights, please contact us using the contact us
here
.
This policy was last modified on October 12, 2018.
Privacy Policy for Ultimate Fan Game
Who We Are
We are Cyan Blue Odds Limited, a  company registered in Alderney with
    registered company number 1919 and  registered office at 5B, First Floor, St
    Anne’s House, Victoria Street,  Alderney, GY9 3UF. We operate the website
www.whoscored.com
(the  Website) and we are the partners of the Ultimate Fan game at
www.ultimatefan.com
run by Low 6 Limited (the Game).  This Privacy Policy tells you how we
    collect, store, use and safeguard your  personal information in connection
    with the Game and explains certain matters  required by data protection
    legislation.
What Data  We Collect
Types of  data we collect about you
When you use the Game, we will  collect, store and process the following
    personal information about you:
·       Identity  Data includes first name, last name and date of birth.
·       Contact  Data includes residential address, email address and
    telephone numbers.
·       Technical  Data includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login
    data, browser type and  version, time zone setting and location, browser
    plug-in types and versions,  operating system and platform, and other
    technology on the devices you use to  access the Game or the Website.
·       Usage Data  includes information about how you use the Game or the
    Website.
We also collect, use and  share Aggregated Data such as statistical or
    demographic data for any  purpose. Aggregated Data could be derived from
    your personal data but is not  considered personal data in law as this data
    will not directly or  indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may
    aggregate your Usage Data  to calculate the percentage of users accessing a
    specific feature of the Game  or the Website. However, if we combine or
    connect Aggregated Data with your  personal information so that it can
    directly or indirectly identify you, we  treat the combined data as personal
    information which will be used in  accordance with this Privacy Policy.
How is your  data collected?
Direct interactions. You may give us       your Identity and Contact
        Data by filling in forms online or by       corresponding with us by
        post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes       personal
        information you provide when you:
create an account within        the Game or on the Website;
subscribe to the Game;
enter a competition,        promotion or survey; or
give us feedback or        contact us.
Automated technologies or       interactions. As you interact with the
        Game or the Website, we will       automatically collect Technical Data
        about your equipment, browsing       actions and patterns. We collect
        this personal information by using       cookies and other similar
        technologies. We may also receive Technical Data       about you if you
        visit other websites employing our cookies.
·        Third parties or publicly available sources. We  will receive
    personal information about you from various third parties as set  out below:
·       Technical  Data will be collected from analytics providers.
·       Personal  information can be collected from publicly available
    websites such as social  media platforms.
How We Use  Your Personal Information
We will only use your personal information  when the law allows us to. Most
    commonly, we use your personal information  in the following circumstances:
·        To update you about the Website and provide you with  exclusive
    promotions and deals;
·        To market our products and services and the  products of selected
    partners including sports, betting and gaming products;
·        To process your request if you wish to receive  information from
    us;
·        To provide you with information that you have  requested either
    directly or via the contact form; or
·        For statistical analysis, research and data  analysis via Technical
    Data and Usage Data.
Conditions for Processing Personal Information
We process your personal  information for a variety of reasons, each of
    which is prescribed by relevant  data protection laws.
·        Consent. Our processing of your personal  information will
    primarily be necessary for us to provide you with the services  offered
    through the Website. In connection with the Game or on other occasions  in
    relation to the Website, we may ask for your consent to processing personal
    information in a discrete manner, in this instance your personal information
    will be processed in accordance with such consent and you will be able to
    withdraw this consent in writing at any time. By way of example, your
    consent  is needed in order to send you marketing and promotional
    communications and to  collect information about you via non-essential
    cookies.
·        Fulfilment of a contract or compliance with a legal  obligation. It
    may also be necessary for us to process your personal  information where it
    is necessary for the performance of a contract (such as our  terms and
    conditions when you open an account on the Website) or in order for  us to
    comply with our various legal responsibilities (such as age verification).
·        Legitimate interests. We may also process your  personal
    information where we deem such processing to be in our legitimate  interests
    and provided always that such processing will not prejudice your  interests,
    rights and freedoms. Examples of us processing in accordance with
    legitimate interests would include: (i) where we disclose your personal
    information to companies in our group following a restructure or for
    internal  administrative purposes; (ii) processing for the purposes of
    ensuring network  and information security, including preventing
    unauthorised access to our  electronic communications network; and (iii)
    adhering to regulatory and  statutory requirements.
Disclosure  of Your Personal Information
We may disclose your personal  information to third parties you authorise to
    receive such information or third  party service providers in order to
    provide you with the services that we offer  you through the Website. We may
    disclose Aggregated Data about our users and  information that does not
    identify any individual without restriction. We  ensure that all third
    parties with whom your data is shared have the same or  equal data
    protection as stated in this Privacy Policy.
Examples of how we may disclose  your information include:
To fulfil the purpose for which you       provide it, for any other
        purpose disclosed by us when you provide the       information, or with
        your consent;
With subsidiaries and affiliates and any       group company;
With contractors, service providers and       other third parties we use
        to support our business;
To a buyer or other successor in the       event of a merger,
        divestiture, restructuring, reorganisation, dissolution       or other
        sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going
        concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in
        which personal information held by us about users is among the assets
        transferred; and
If we believe in good faith that such       disclosure is necessary for
        legal or regulatory purposes.
Cookies
You can set your browser to  refuse all or some browser cookies on the
    Website, or to alert you when  websites set or access cookies. If you
    disable or refuse cookies,  please note that some parts of the Website may
    become inaccessible or not  function properly.
Data  Storage
We are committed to employing  security measures to protect your information
    from access by unauthorised  persons and to prevent accidental or unlawful
    processing, disclosure,  destruction, loss, alteration and damage. Our
    approach is focused on preventing  risks. In order to help us in this
    regard, we employ encryption whenever  possible to reduce the impact of any
    potential incidents and we periodically  review our procedures. As the
    security of some communications via the internet  is not completely secure,
    we cannot guarantee the security of any information  that you disclose using
    your internet connection. You accept the inherent  security implications of
    using the internet and the group will accept no  liability for any direct,
    consequential, incidental, indirect, or punitive  losses or damages arising
    out of such an occurrence.
Data Retention
We retain your personal  information for as long as necessary for the
    purposes set out in this Privacy  Policy which includes any period of
    historic retention that may be required for  regulatory purposes. We do not
    collect any more personal information from you  than is necessary for our
    purposes and our data management policies include the  deletion of any
    personal information we no longer require.
Third Party Websites
The Website may contain links to  third party websites. When you click on a
    link to any other website or  location, you will leave the Website and go to
    another site, and another entity  may collect personal information or
    anonymous data from you. We have no control  over, do not review, and are
    not responsible for. We encourage you to read the  privacy policies of every
    website and app you visit. Any links to third party  websites or locations
    are for your convenience and do not signify our  endorsement of such third
    parties or their products, content or websites.
Under 18s
The Game is not intended for  individuals under the age of 18 and we do not
    knowingly record or retain any  personal information from such individuals.
    In the event that we inadvertently  gather personal information in relation
    to a minor, we will take reasonable  measures to promptly close any relevant
    accounts and remove any records where  possible. If you are aged under 18,
    please do not use the Game or provide any  information directly to us in
    connection with the Game.
How Can You Manage or Delete Your Information and Exercise Your Rights?
Under data protection laws, you  have rights including:
Your right of access - You have the right       to ask us for copies of
        your personal information.
Your right to rectification - You have       the right to ask us to
        rectify personal information you think is       inaccurate. You also
        have the right to ask us to complete information you       think is
        incomplete.
Your right to erasure - You have the       right to ask us to erase your
        personal information in certain       circumstances.
Your right to restriction of processing -       You have the right to
        ask us to restrict the processing of your personal       information in
        certain circumstances.
Your right to object to processing - You       have the right to object
        to the processing of your personal information in       certain
        circumstances.
Your right to data portability - You have       the right to ask that we
        transfer the personal information you gave us to       another
        organization, or to you, in certain circumstances.
You are not required to pay any  charge for exercising your rights. However,
    we may charge a reasonable fee if  your request is clearly unfounded,
    repetitive or excessive.
If you make a request, we have  one month to respond to you.
Please contact us
here
if you wish  to make a request.
Further Information
We are happy to provide you with  further information on how we protect and
    use your personal information. Please  contact us
here
with any queries.
In the UK, to comply with local  data protection law, Cyan Blue Odds Limited
    is registered as a 'Data  Controller' with the Information Commissioner's
    Office (ICO) and details are  published on a public register on the ICO
    website at
http://ico.org.uk
.
You can also obtain much useful  information on data protection and privacy
    from Information Commissioner's  Office via the website
www.ico.org.uk
or  contact the Information Commissioner's Office at Wycliffe House, Water
    Lane,  Wilmslow, Cheshire SK9 5AF. Helpline number 0303 123 1113.
We keep this Privacy policy under  regular review. This version was last
    updated on 21
st
December 2023.
About Us
Terms of Use
Advertise
Jobs
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Glossary
Ratings Explained
WhoScored Ratings Feed
Best Betting Sites & Bookmakers
Best Irish Betting Sites & Bookmakers
Best Accumulator Betting Sites
Best Betting Sites for Live Streaming
Best Betting Apps for Football Betting
Data sources - Opta Sports, eNetPulse & Getty Images. Copyright © 2025 WhoScored.com
Safer Gambling
×