Our Policy, Simply
If you own the copyright to your song, you can publish and make money from music made in Medly, using Medly's instruments, sounds, loops, and vocal samples.
If your song is matched against a Medly original song by a system that matches content, you cannot claim copyright on that song and make money from it.
We advise against the use of publishing services.
Using publishing services will automatically claim exclusive copyright on your song. If a system matches your song with a Medly song, you would have violated Medly Labs Inc. copyright.
If you received a copyright notice that Medly Labs Inc. did not issue, please visit
https://medlylabs.com/copyright
for instructions.
Regarding your privacy, we only collect non-identifiable data to verify purchases, prevent fraud, and send notifications. We do not collect or share any other data when using the Medly app.
Terms of Use
You retain all ownership rights to the original music you make in Medly.
Instruments, loops, and audio samples made available by Medly ("Medly Sounds") can only be used for the sole purpose of creating music.
Songs made available by Medly ("Medly Songs") are provided as example projects and can only be used as part of a remix.
Medly exclusively owns all copyright of Medly Songs or any simple remix arising from a Medly song. If your song is matched against a Medly original song by a system that matches content, you cannot claim exclusive copyright and make money from that song.
"Simple" remixes are defined as a recomposition or adjustment of a Medly Song where no substantial changes were made or if matched by a system that matches content.
Claiming exclusive rights occurs, but is not limited to, when a system that matches content matches a Medly Songs with an unauthorized upload of a Medly original song, edited or otherwise. When such a match occurs, it will have violated Medly's copyrights and is strictly prohibited.
Any attempts or actions to distribute or make available Medly Sounds and Medly Songs "as is" are strictly prohibited.
If you received a takedown or copyright notice that Medly Labs Inc. did not issue, email us at
copyright@medlylabs.com
. Include the notice you received and any relevant links.
For Members
Medly Members are granted a non-transferable, non-exclusive license to access all of Medly Sounds and Medly Songs for the duration of the Subscription as long as the applicable Subscription fees have been paid.
Upon the termination of your Subscription, you will continue to retain your music's rights and rights to publish music previously created with Member Exclusive Medly Sounds.
Upon the termination of your Subscription, you will be unable to edit Sections or export songs that use Member Exclusive Medly Sounds. However, you will be able to change or remove Member Exclusive Medly Sounds to those you have access to.
Past Purchases
Past individual purchases of a "Sound Pack" or a "Sound Collection" are granted a perpetual non-transferable, non-exclusive license to Medly Sounds and Medly Songs specified in the Sound Pack or Sound Collection at time of purchase.
Privacy Policy
Medly Labs Inc. only collects non-identifiable data, over a secured connection, to verify purchases, prevent fraud and provide push notifications to those who voluntarily subscribe to such services. We do not collect or share any other data when using the Medly app.
Purchase data is stored and used in the following ways:
No data is stored for individuals who are not subscribers.
We only collect and store data for subscriptions that cannot be linked to the individual. Data is collected for the sole purpose of verifying purchases and preventing fraud.
We do not collect any identifiable data such as name or email.
All data collected is stored in Oregon, USA using Amazon Web Services (AWS).
The data includes subscription-based information, such as expiration date, subscription status, if the Member is in a trial period, and an Apple-provided
original_transaction_id
.
The
original_transaction_id
is a random number used to pull the latest subscription information from Apple's servers. Apple does not share data such as credit card information, name, email, or address. You can see all the data Apple releases to developers here:
https://developer.apple.com/documentation/appstorereceipts/app_store_receipt_data_types
We also generate a unique identifier for each subscriber that can be voluntarily sent to receive subscription-related support.
Push Notification data is stored and used in the following ways:
Those who voluntarily provide the Medly app access to push notifications service will have the following data stored:
The user's subscription identifier, which allows us to tie subscription based events with push notifications.
A device token, which is a random alphanumeric identifier, that Apple uses to identify the device for the push notification. The device token is generated by Apple and is unique to the Medly application on that device. No other app on that device will have the same device token.
The app version and iOS version are stored to help identify if a push notification can be sent to a device.
The top preferred language of the device that the Medly application supports, to allow us to localize our response. We do not store a list of the device-specified preferred languages.
The device's timezone, to allow us to send our push notifications at a time that is most convenient for the user.
There are two types of push notifications that are sent:
Notifications relating to the subscription activity including, but not limited to, a notification alerting that a trial is about to expire.
Notifications relating to new content releases or updates.
When using the Medly app, this is how your data is stored:
Your albums, custom artwork, songs, audio samples, and associated metadata are all stored locally on the device.
You are not required to log in to access your data or songs.
You are required to verify your purchases to access specific editing capabilities that your purchases unlock.
Your SoundCloud login token is stored locally on the device and is not used to create a Medly account. SoundCloud login is a convenience for uploading quickly to the SoundCloud service.
The application will not upload photos or metadata when selecting custom artwork for Albums.
We strongly believe in not collecting or sharing your data unless essential to providing you with the best service.
Future Changes and Consent
Our goals are (1) to be as transparent as possible and (2) collect the least amount of data in order to provide the services users subscribe to. As such, we may update our privacy policy from time to time, and any changes will be made public on this page. By using the Medly application, you consent to our privacy policy. This policy is effective as of 2022-02-04.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at
hi@medlylabs.com