From May 25 all our current and future games will be compliant to the demands of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). This means you get more control over how your personal data is used, by making active choices.
You can find out more by reading our Privacy Policy.
Read more:
https://privacy.hellothere.se
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://privacy.hellothere.se/:
Privacy Policy
Hello there - thanks for playing our games!
This Privacy Policy describes:
The ways in which we collect personal data about you
Why we collect this data
How we use your personal data
The choices you have available, regarding your data
This Privacy Policy applies to Hello There’s games, websites and all related service, which we collectively call the Service. At times the Privacy Policy will be updates. Should we make any material changes, you’ll be notified through a posted notice in the Service prior to the change becoming effective. Your continued use of the Service after the effective date will be subject to the new Privacy Policy.
Contact Hello There
Questions about data protection or requests for resolving issues with your personal data?
Contact us on email: support+gdpr@hellothere.se
Owner and data Controller
Hello There AB
Address:
Drottninggatan 21
411 14 Göteborg
Sweden
Owner contact email: support+gdpr@hellothere.se
Types of Personal Data we collect (provided by you)
Contact information
Player name and password
Profile information (such as profile photo)
Your messages to the Service (like chat logs, player support etc.)
Other data you choose to provide us with (such as data to identify a lost account)
Data we collect automatically
Your IP address and mobile device identifiers (such as your device ID, advertising ID, MAC address, IMEI)
Data about your account
Data about your games progress
General location data
Exact geo-location data (GPS, but only with your consent)
Data about your device (device name, OS, browser type and language)
Data about your use of the Service, like your interactions with other players inside the Service and/or gameplay data
Data collected with cookies and analogue technologies (see more below)
In most cases, we create a Hello There-specific ID for you when you use the Service.
Data collected from partners
For advertising and analytic purposes - enables us to provide you with a better Service
Demographic - (to determine the coarse location of your IP address)
Data which we receive, should you link to a third party tool with the Service (for example Facebook, Google etc.)
Fraud-fighting data - for example refund abuse in games or click fraud in advertising
Data from platforms the games run on - (to verify payment)
Why we collect your data
It’s about the functionality of the service
To deliver what we have agreed upon, we process data necessary to:
Operate the Service
Create accounts and allow you to play our games and use our Service
Send you Service-related communications
Verify and confirm payments
Provide and deliver products and services you want
To develop the Service to suit our players better
To provide the best possible Service to our players, we have a legitimate interest in collecting and processing necessary data to:
Enable you to communicate with other players
Customize your Service experience
Update and develop player profiles
Develop and improve the Service and player experience
Provide social features as part of your Service
Manage our relationship with you
Provide you with Hello There offers in the Service as well as in other websites and services, and by email
Send you related information, for example updates, security alerts, and support messages
Provide you with player support and respond to your comments
To show personalized advertisements
To show you personalized advertisements in the Service, as well as in other services (email included) and websites, we have a legitimate interest in processing necessary data to:
Track content your access in connection with the Service and your online behavior
Deliver, target and improve our advertising and the Service
You can opt-out from personalized advertisements within the Hello There games.
To analyze, profile, and segment
We may analyze, profile and segment all collected data referred to above.
With your consent
We may, with your consent, process your data for additional purposes, such as using your GPS location, to show you local events.
Who can see your data
Apart from Hello There, your data can be accessed by others in the following situations:
Other players and users
Since social features are important components in Hello There’s games, other players and users may see for example your profile data, in-game activities and read the messages you have posted.
Partners working for Hello There
Partners perform services for Hello There. The partners process your data only at and according to Hello There’s instructions to provide the Service, such as hosting, player support, advertising, analytics and fraud prevention.
Other companies and public authorities
In order to combat fraud and criminal activity, we may exchange data with other companies and organizations and provide it to public authorities in response to lawful requests.We may also disclose your data based on your consent, to comply with the law or to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our players or others.
Advertising and Social Media Partners
The Service includes features from our partners, for example social media interaction tools and in-game advertising. The partners may access your data and operate under their own privacy policies. Please check their privacy policies to learn more about their data processing practices.
International data transfers
Since our Service is global your data can therefore be transferred to anywhere in the world. Different countries may have different data protection laws than your own country, we take steps to ensure adequate safeguards are in place to protect your data as explained this Policy. As for our partners adequate safeguards may for them mean standard contractual clauses approved by EU Commission and Privacy Shield certification in case of transfers to the USA.
Your rights and options
Opt-out of marketing emails and other direct marketing
You may opt-out of receiving promotional communications, such as marketing emails from us by following the instructions in such communications.
Opt-out of targeted advertising
You can opt out of interest-based advertising on mobile applications by checking the privacy settings of your iOS or Android device and selecting “limit ad tracking” (Apple iOS) or “opt-out of interest-based ads” (Android). For personalized in-game offers opt-out, you can use the options provided in the game settings.
Access the personal data we hold about you
Upon request from you, we will provide you with a copy of your personal data in an electronic format.
Your other rights
You also have the right to correct your data, have your data deleted, object how we use or share data, and restrict how we use or share your data. You can at any point withdraw your consent, for example by turning off GPS location sharing in your mobile device settings. We will respond to your requests within a reasonable timeframe.
Cookies and similar technologies
Like most online services, our partners and we utilize cookies and similar technologies to provide and personalize the Service, analyse use, target advertising and prevent fraud. You can always disable cookies in your browser settings, but this may lead to some parts of Service not functioning properly.
This is how we protect your data
Security Safeguards
In order to produce a secure and safe player experience, we are continuously developing and implementing administrative, technical and physical security measures to protect your data from unauthorized  access or against loss, misuse or alteration.
Data retention
We retain your data for as long as your account is active or as long as is needed provide you with the Service. Please note that if you ask us to remove your personal data, we will retain your data for our legitimate business interests, such as to comply with our legal options, resolve disputes, and enforce agreements.
Age limits
We don’t knowingly collect or solicit personal data about or target interests based on advertising to anyone under the age of 13 or deliberately allow such persons to user our Services. If you are under 13, please do not send any data about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under the age of 13 may provide us with any personal data. Should we learn that we have collected data about a child under under the age of 13, we will delete the data as quickly as possible. If you believe that we may have any data from or about a child/or children under the age of 13, please contact us.
Updated 2019-09-24
Sub-policy 1
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Hub
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
Unity Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”)
This Data Processing Addendum (this “DPA”) is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Unity Terms of Service. This agreement determines the rights and obligations of each party when processing personal information.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com.
Technical and Organisational Measures including Technical and Organisational Measure to ensure the Security of the Data
Technical and Organisational Measures (TOMs) are strategic safeguards designed to protect data security and ensure adherence to data protection regulations. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum.
Sub-Processors
Sub-processors are third-party companies that assist Unity by handling personal data on Unity's behalf. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum
.
GENERATIVE AI SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools