Privacy Policy
Thank you for using Health Revolution Oy Ltd’s (“Health Revolution” or “we”) Service (as defined in the Terms of Use available
https://seehowyoueat.com/terms
In this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”), we describe what kind of data we, as the data controller, may collect of you in connection with your use of our Service and for what purposes we may store and use such data.
Contact details of the data controller:
Health Revolution Oy Ltd
Business ID: 2508850-4
Address: Koivulantie 1, 47810 Kotka, Finland
Name of the person responsible for data protection:
Mia Karlsson
Email: mia@seehowyoueat.com
For further information about this Privacy Policy or the use of your data, please contact Company at
info@seehowyoueat.fi
.
Health Revolution reserves the right to amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make any changes to this Statement, we will let you know about it on our website at https://seehowyoueat.fi, where you can also find the latest version of this Policy.
What data do we collect?
Your personal data can be collected through different means. We collect and process personal data, which
is provided by you when you contact us or do business with us, e.g. when you buy our Service or register to our Service, take part in an offer or promotion campaign or when you otherwise interact with us; and
is generated when using the Service or visiting the Service, e.g. when you log into the Service.
You are not required to provide any personal data to us, but if you decide to do so, it is possible that we will not be able to provide our Service to you.
The personal data we collect and process includes e.g. the following categories of data:
Data provided by you
In connection with signing up to our Service and creating a personal account or updating the account data, you can insert certain information about you such as your first name, surname, your e-mail address and version information of the application.
Information relating to customer relationship
When using the Service we collect information about your use of the Service, data about the subscriptions you have purchased within the Service and the User Content you post to the Service. We also collect payment details, billing information, and marketing permissions and prohibitions.
In addition, we collect customer interaction and related correspondence and entries on the use of individuals’ rights.
Technical data and collected data while browsing our website
We also collect technical data, including your device identifier, application version, MAC address, IMEI or similar identifier, information on your browser and operating system as well as other similar information.
Data collected while browsing our website includes e.g. user IDs, passwords, authentication details, log data on the usage of Service, data collected by means of Google Analytics and similar technologies through websites (device ID and type, operating system and application settings).
Other data
If you participate in a special promotion, survey or a contest provided through the Service, we may request additional information from you and additional terms may apply to the use of the information you provide to us in connection with your participation.
Purposes of use of data
Managing customer relationship and service provision
We collect and use the collected data to manage your account and subscriptions and provide you with the access to the Service and to your subscriptions within the Service. In addition the data may be used to provide personalized Service or customized content to you. We may also use the information to provide technical support. In this case, our processing of personal data is based on the contract between you and us.
Service development, information security
We also process personal data to take care of the information security of the Service and the website, to improve the quality of the Service and the website as well as to develop the Service. In these cases, the processing of personal data is based on our legitimate interest to ensure that our Service and our website have an adequate level of information security and that we have sufficient and appropriate information at hand to develop our Service and to manage our business.
Marketing
We may contact you to inform you about new features of the Service or to promote and sell other services. We may use your personal data also for market research and customer surveys. Processing of personal data is based on our legitimate interest to provide information as part of the Service and to promote our other services to you. You may object to the processing of your personal data for direct marketing at any time.
Customer profiling
We collect statistics on your website behavior to provide you with targeted marketing material. We also use site statistics for customer segmentation for our sales process.
Compliance with the law
We may process your personal data in order to meet our statutory obligations e.g. in relation to accounting or to fulfill authorities’ (e.g. tax authority) requests based on the law.
Other purposes you have consented to
We process your personal data also for other purposes if you have consented to such processing.
Non-personal data
We use analytical services and other tools (such as Flurry analytics and Google Analytics) in our Service to develop and analyze the use of the Service. We treat this information as non-personal data.
Your rights
You have a right to access your personal data. You may ask to correct, update or remove your personal data at any time. However, please note that certain information which is strictly necessary for fulfilling the purposes defined in this Policy or which is required by law, cannot be removed.
You have a right to object or restrict processing of your personal data to the extent required by applicable data protection law.
You have a right to object processing of your personal data for direct marketing at any time.
In some cases, you have a right to data portability, i.e. right to receive your personal data delivered to us in a structured, commonly used machine-readable format and transmit your personal data to another data controller, to the extent required by applicable law.
If our processing of your personal data is based on a consent, you have a right to withdraw the consent at any time. We will no longer process your personal data on the purposes consented, unless there is another legal ground available for processing.
You can execute your rights by sending the above-mentioned requests to us at info@seehowyoueat.fi. If you think that the processing of your personal data is not appropriate, you have a right to contact Data Protection Ombudsman. You can find contact details of Data Protection Ombudsman here: https://tietosuoja.fi/en/contact-information.
Data security
We maintain security measures (including physical, digital and administrative measures) that are appropriate to protect personal data from loss, destruction, misuse, and unauthorized access or disclosure. Such measures include, for example, the use of firewalls, secure server spaces and encryption, the introduction of appropriate access control systems and processes, careful selection of processors and adequate training of employees involved in processing.
Links to third party sites and content
Health Revolution Service may contain advertisements by third parties and links to external third-party websites and link content from external third party sources to the Service. Please note, that the use of such third party sites or content is subject to the privacy policies and usage terms of the third party in question instead of our own terms and we do not have control nor assume any liability over such content.
Transfers and disclosures of personal data
Health Revolution shares personal data as permitted by applicable law and this Privacy Policy.
We may share personal data based on your consent. We may also share personal data with our business partners and other third party service providers who perform functions or process such data for us for the purposes set out above and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and our instructions. We secure the appropriate use of your personal data at all times.
We may also share personal data if we are compelled to do so by law, regulation or based on a request from competent authorities. In addition, we may share personal data when we assess that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a request of the authority.
We may disclose your personal data to third parties in connection with a merger, restructuring, the sale of all or part of Health Revolution’s shares and/or assets provided, however, that this Privacy Policy shall continue to govern such personal data.
We may share and publish aggregated or anonymized data based on our users’ information (such as statistics) provided that such information does not identify you.
Transfers of personal data outside the EU or EEA
We may transfer personal data outside the EU or the European Economic Area when our trusted service provider working for us is established outside these areas. In these cases, we will take appropriate safeguards to ensure the protection of data subjects’ rights and freedoms in accordance with the applicable data protection legislation, such as the EU General Data Protection Regulation (679/2016).
For example, our marketing service provider may transfer personal data to the United States during the course of providing services. In such case, the service provider has ensured appropriate safeguards for personal data by self-certifying to the Privacy Shield Framework between the EU and the United States or by using standard contractual clauses that are approved by the European Commission. To learn more about the Privacy Shield Framework, please see
https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome
.
Data Retention and updating of the data
Health Revolution does not verify the correctness of the collected personal data.
We will retain the collected data for the period necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.
Personal data is retained during the course of the customer relationship. Personal data may also be retained to the extent necessary after the end of the customer relationship if allowed or required by applicable laws. For example, after the end of the customer relationship, we typically store personal data that are necessary to response on requests or claims under applicable provisions concerning the statute of limitations, or we may store your personal data, to the extent necessary, in order to respect your request not to receive direct marketing from us.
When retention of personal data is no longer required by law or rights or obligations by either party, personal data will be deleted.
You can update some of your personal data through your account settings.
Other
This Privacy Policy is governed by the laws of Finland, excluding its choice of law provisions.
Last updated: November 29
th
2018
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;