Privacy Policy
Last updated: June 17, 2024
Individuals have the right to understand how Kitman Labs collect and use their personal data, what their rights are, and how to contact us.  This Privacy Policy describes how Kitman Labs Limited and Kitman Labs Inc.  (collectively, “Kitman”, “we,” “our” or “us”) collects and uses information and what choices you have with respect to that information.
When we talk about the “Services” in this Policy, we are referring to the use of software applications and platforms made available online to customers for the purpose of tracking physical training and historical injury profiles of athletes.
Kitman Labs Limited, an Irish registered company, is the service provider for all customers located within Europe, the Middle East and Africa (collectively, “EMEA”). Kitman Labs Inc., a US company, provides the Services to customers located outside EMEA (such as those in the United States, Australia, New Zealand and Asia) and is the company responsible for the personal data of non-EMEA based customers. The Sports Office, a UK registered company, will process personal data of customers based in the UK.
With respect all laid out above, each company may, where the client engagement warrants,  work as a sub-processor for the other in processing client data. All sub-processing is undertaken legally and in compliance with law. If you have any questions please contact the Kitman Labs DPO at
dpo@kitmanlabs.com
.
LEGISLATION COVERED
This policy is to outline our obligations with respect to GDPR, UK GDPR, HIPAA, and any other U.S. legislation and state consumer data protection laws, including the California Privacy Rights Act, the Colorado Privacy Act, the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act,  and any other legislation which may apply to Kitman.
For the purposes of HIPAA compliance, where Kitman Labs receives Protected Health Information, Kitman Labs, we will be  considered a Business Associate ‘BA’ and Client may be considered a Covered Entity ’CE’. Any reference to personal data in this Privacy Policy may include  Protected Health Information, and Controller should be understood to mean Covered Entity and any reference to Processor shall be understood to mean Business Associate unless stated otherwise. For the purposes of HIPAA the Kitman DPO shall be the Kitman Privacy Officer.
WHAT INFORMATION DOES KITMAN COLLECT AND RECEIVE?
In the course of its operations, Kitman labs operates as both a Data Processor and a Data Controller. For clarity, Kitman is a Data Controller for Human Resources and Business personal data and a Data Processor for Customer Data:
Human Resources (Controller)
HR File
Payroll
Potential Employees
Marketing (Controller)
Marketing opt-in data
Customer Lead Generation Data
Cookies
Customer Data (Processor)
ID, health and performance data for provision of services
Account and billing information
Service usage information
KITMAN AS DATA CONTROLLER
HR file: Comprises information which is collected for the purposes of Kitmans role as an employer. Payroll is the process data for the purposes of paying employees and some contractors also.
Potential employees: If you apply for a job with Kitman, we retain information based on our
Recruitment privacy notice
.
Marketing: Marketing data is that which is captured via our processes of either an individual opting into Marketing or in certain instances, cookies, and/or customer lead generation data from a third party. For more information about how we use cookies, please see our cookie policy at
https://www.kitmanlabs.com/cookie-policy
. If you wish to opt out of marketing activity you can do so by visiting our subscription management page at
https://go.kitmanlabs.com/UnsubscribePage.html
.
KITMAN AS DATA PROCESSOR
Kitman may collect, store and analyze information (including personal data and sensitive personal data such as health related data) about individuals (such as athletes) whose personal data is processed by Kitman during the provision of the Services to its customers (“Customer Data”). This information is controlled by Kitman’s customers and is processed by Kitman in accordance with the agreement for Services (“Customer Agreement”). To the extent that Kitman collects, stores and analyzes Customer Data, Kitman does so on behalf of its customers and is a “data processor” only.
If Customer Data includes your personal data or you are using the Services by invitation of a Kitman customer, whether that customer is your employer, team, another organization, or an individual, Kitman collects, stores, and analyzes your personal data on behalf of its customer. That customer will determine its own policies regarding the treatment of Customer Data which may apply to your use of the Services. Please check with the customer about the policies it has in place.
Customer Data: may, among other things, comprise data that identifies a person, and relates to them and their health. This data will be used in order to provide the services of Kitman Labs to our customers.
Account and billing information: To create a Kitman account and to access the Services, customers must provide Kitman with names, usernames, passwords and contact information. In addition customers may provide billing information including bank account details to complete transactions in relation to our Services.
Services usage information: When a customer interacts with the Services, usage information is created and may include details of administrative, technical and support communications with us.
HOW DOES KITMAN USE CUSTOMER DATA?
Customer Data will be used by Kitman in accordance with customer’s instructions, including any applicable terms in the Customer Agreement, and as required by applicable law. Any information processed by Kitman as a Controller will only be done so where there is a strict legal basis (e.g. employees on the basis of contract. Kitman will only collect the minimum information which is necessary and relevant to accomplish the legally authorized purpose of collection and will be retained for the minimum relevant periods based on that legally authorized purpose (including consent).
Kitman uses Kitman Data that it controls for the following purposes which are subject to yearly review:
To provide, update, and improve our Services: This includes use of Kitman Data to support delivery of the Services under a Customer Agreement, prevent or address service errors, security or technical issues, analyze and monitor usage, trends and other activities. We also use de-personalised and aggregated data generated by our customers’ use of our Services to better understand how customers are using the Services in order to improve them.  This processing of Kitman Data is required as a matter of contractual necessity and  also may be necessary in line with our legitimate interests.
To send emails and other communications: If you contact us, we may use your contact information to respond. We may also send service, technical and administrative emails and messages. We may also contact customers to inform them about changes in our Services, our service offerings, and important service related notices, such as security and fraud notices. These emails and messages are considered part of the Services and customers may not opt-out of them. In addition, we occasionally send emails about new product features, events or other news about Kitman. These are marketing messages you can opt out of at any time.  This processing of Kitman Data is required as a matter of contractual necessity and is also necessary for our legitimate interests which are described in more detail below.
For billing and account management: We use account and billing information to administer accounts and keep track of billing and payments.  This processing of Kitman Data is required as a matter of contractual necessity and may also be required to enable us to comply with our legal obligations.
For investigating fraud and abuse: We work hard to keep the Services secure and to prevent abuse and fraud.  Such processing will be in our legitimate interests of keeping the Service safe and secure.
For research: We use anonymised and aggregated data for business purposes such as performing research on specific subject-areas as well as statistical analysis and machine-learning, market analysis and producing reports. The data is anonymised and aggregated so the data is no longer associated with and can no longer be linked to an identifiable customer of the Services, or athlete whose data we have been provided with by a customer.
OTHER USES FOR THE DATA KITMAN COLLECTS?
Kitman may share information described in this Policy from time to time under certain circumstances, so we can offer you the best service possible, to run our business, or to comply with legal and regulatory obligations and to comply with any legal requests.  Such sharing will also be necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests.
Third Party Service Providers
and other partners: Kitman may provide Kitman Data to vendors, service providers, and other partners including affiliates in our corporate group who work on our behalf to help provide the Services and who will use this information only in accordance with instructions from Kitman or restrictions imposed by Kitman. We do not share or sell any information, including that of children, with other Data Controllers. Further information on the third parties who receive this data is available at kitmanlabs.com/sub-processors.
Legal Compliance
: Kitman may process information in order to comply with legal or regulatory requirements and to respond to lawful requests, court orders and legal process.
Changes to Business Structure
: In the event Kitman is involved in a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, sale of some or all of Kitman’s assets, financing, acquisition of all or a portion of our business, a similar transaction or proceeding, or steps in contemplation of such activities (e.g. due diligence).
Fraud and Illegal Activity
: Kitman may work to enforce our rights, prevent fraud and for safety and to protect the Services and its customers. This is in order to protect and defend the rights, property, or safety of us or third parties, including enforcing contracts or policies, or in connection with investigating and preventing fraud or other criminal activities.  Such sharing may be required by law or may be necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests.
LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING
To the extent that Kitman’s processing of Kitman Data is subject to the EU General Data Protection Regulation, we rely on a number of legal bases to collect and use information for purposes described in this Policy, including:
as necessary to provide the Services and to perform the Customer Agreements;
where you have consented to processing, which you can revoke at anytime;
where necessary to comply with a legal obligation, a court order, or to exercise and defend legal claims; and
as necessary for Kitman’s legitimate interests or those of a third party.
Where we rely on legitimate interest to process Kitman Data, the legitimate interest we rely on are (i) to create, provide and maintain innovative Services; (ii) to ensure security (including compliance with the HIPAA security rule) of personal data for which Kitman is either a Controller or a Processor; (iii) to carry out marketing; and (iv) to recruit talented individuals.
SECURITY AND DATA RETENTION
Kitman takes security seriously. We take various physical, administrative, and technological steps to store and transmit data securely. For example, all personal data is held on dedicated and encrypted servers and behind secure firewall(s). In addition to technological security measures, Kitman places access controls on its employees, contractors, and other partners. Our employees are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations that are consistent with this Policy, and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations. Despite these measures, Kitman cannot guarantee that the information described in this Policy will be completely secure.
We only store Kitman Data for as long as is necessary to provide our Service under the Customer Agreement or to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations. This means certain transaction data will be held beyond the duration originally intended, however this will at all times be done in compliance with our Retention Policy examples of where this may be reasonably necessary is to: resolve disputes, prevent fraud or abuse, or enforce this Policy and our agreements with customers.
DATA QUALITY
Where Kitman is a Data Controller we will at all times seek to ensure the accuracy, relevance, timeliness and completeness of information collected, where we are a Processor we seek to facilitate this for our Clients. In order to ensure quality, information is collected directly from Clients to the greatest extent possible. This information is input directly by coaches, athletes and staff of the Client, or sometimes in bulk transfers by the Client to Kitman Labs.
International Data Transfers
We may share, as described in this Privacy Policy, information with our affiliates and subsidiaries, and third parties. In order to provide the Services, Kitman Data may be transferred internationally outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”)  to our US-based affiliate company or third party service providers who are located outside the EEA. These data transfers are necessary to provide the Service and we at all times use a legal basis for transfer as is required by EU or UK law, whether that means via adequacy decision or EU/UK SCC.
THIRD PARTY SERVICES
This Privacy Policy applies only to our Services. Our websites may contain links to other websites. We have no control over the privacy practices or the content of any of our business partners, advertisers, sponsors, or other third parties we link to from our website, and do not endorse, approve, or certify these other websites, and we do not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, efficacy, or timeliness of the information contained on those websites. You should check the applicable privacy policies of the website sponsor when linking to other websites.
DATA SUBJECT RIGHTS
Under certain Data Privacy Laws, if your personal data is processed by us in Kitman Labs, then you have certain statutory rights in relation to your data. Residents of the UK, EEA, and United States can find specific information about their privacy rights below.
UK AND EEA DATA SUBJECT RIGHTS
Subject to exemptions provided by law you can request access to your personal data as well as seek to rectify, erase, restrict, port and object to Kitman processing your personal data.
You can also access your personal information or exercise any of your rights described above by sending us a request at
dpo@kitmanlabs.com
.  After we verify your identity, we will process the request in accordance with law. Where Kitman is a Processor we provide our clients with the means by which they can undertake this themselves via the services we provide.
Without prejudice to any other rights you also have the right to file a complaint against Kitman Labs Limited with your local supervisory authority, or with the
Irish Data Protection Commissioner
by contacting them at
info@dataprotection.ie
.
U.S. DATA SUBJECT RIGHTS
Several U.S. state Data Privacy Laws, including the California Privacy Rights Act, the Colorado Privacy Act, the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Law, the Connecticut Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring Act, the Utah Consumer Privacy Act, and any other state consumer data protection law that may become effective provide residents with certain rights regarding their personal data. Although some of these rights apply generally, certain rights will only apply to limited individuals or circumstances. To the extent that these laws apply, you may exercise the following rights:
Right to Know and Access Information
. Note that much of the information you are entitled to know or access is disclosed in this Privacy Policy. With this said, you have the right to know about our information practices. You also have the right to access the categories of data we collect, with whom we share or sell that information, and, in some cases, what specific personal information we associate with you or your account.
Right to Data Portability
. If you request a copy of your specific information then we will provide it in an easily accessible format.
Right to Deletion or Erasure
. You may request that we delete the personal information we have collected about you. Depending on the applicable law, in some cases we are required or permitted to retain your information, even if you validly requested we delete or erase it.
Right to Correct Information
. You may request we correct or rectify inaccurate information we have collected about you.
Right to Limit Use of Information for Advertising
. You may opt-out of our use of your personal information for advertising purposes.
Right to Withdraw Consent
. You may withdraw your consent to our data privacy practices.
Right to Non-Discrimination
. You have the right to not experience discrimination from us for exercising the rights listed in this section. What we mean by discrimination is denying you access to our services or limiting the quality of our services. However, limiting use of, or deleting, your personal information may restrict the purposes or uses that rely on that information.
Right to Appeal
. If we deny your rights request, you may have the right to appeal our decision.
To exercise any of your privacy rights, you can also access your personal information or exercise any of your rights described above by sending us a request at
dpo@kitmanlabs.com
.
Please include your email address, full name, and your specific information about your request(s) and, if applicable, specifically what information you do not want to receive. If you would like to update or correct your email address, street address, or other personal information with us, please include specific details about the information you wish to have updated or corrected.
For requests submitted by email, you must provide enough information that allows us to verify your identity. Only you or your authorized agent may make requests regarding your personal information. An authorized agent must have documentation that they are authorized to act on your behalf. We will attempt to fulfill or reject your request within the amount of time required by law.
OTHER PRIVACY CONTROLS
Global Privacy Controls
. Global Privacy Control (GPC) is a special browser setting that helps user’s exercise their rights or share privacy preferences. The GPC sends signals such as not to share or sell personal data without their consent. You can download the GPC browser extension
here
Do Not Track Signals
. CalOPPA requires us to let you know how we respond to web browser Do Not Track (“DNT”) signals. DNT is a privacy preference you can set in your web browser to indicate that you do not want certain information about your webpage visits collected across websites when you have not interacted with that service on the page.
If you want to enable Do Not Track (DNT) via CookieYes, you can follow these simple instructions
see
here
. For Firefox, go to “Preferences,” select “Privacy & Security,” and under “Send websites a ‘Do Not Track’ signal that you don’t want to be tracked,” choose “Always.” For Chrome, go to “Settings,” click on “Privacy and security,” then “Cookies and other site data,” and enable “Send a ‘Do not track’ request with your browsing traffic.
Nevada Privacy Rights
. Nevada residents have the right to opt-out of the sale of their Personal Information. We do not currently “sell” data as defined by Nevada law at this time.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about Kitman’s Policy or practices and if you are habitually resident in EMEA and wish to exercise any of your statutory rights  please contact our Data Protection Officer at
dpo@kitmanlabs.com
or at the address below:
Kitman Labs Limited
Block B, Fourth Floor, Joyce’s Court
Talbot St, Dublin 1, Ireland
If you have any questions about Kitman’s Policy or practices and if you are based outside EMEA, please contact Kitman Labs Inc. at
dpo@kitmanlabs.com
or at the address below:
Kitman Labs
405 El Camino Real #440,
Menlo Park
CA 94025, USA
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.kitmanlabs.com/recruitment-privacy-notice/:
Show Redirect Popup
Skip to content
STAY UPDATED:
Sign-up for the Kitman Labs monthly round-up of news.
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Why Kitman Labs
Intelligence Platform
Performance Medicine
Performance Optimization
Coaching & Development
League Operations
Sports
Leagues & Governing Bodies
Soccer
American Football
Rugby
Basketball
Collegiate
Defense
Custom Analytics
Integrations
Resources
Contact Us
US English
CONTACT US
Recruitment Privacy Notice
Last updated: June 17, 2024
This notice is to inform you that personal data about you has been collected by Kitman Labs Limited (“Kitman Labs”, “we”, “our”, “us”).  We have done this because Kitman Labs wishes to evaluate your candidacy for employment.  Your personal data was obtained due to you submitting a job application to us, from publicly available sources (e.g. LinkedIn) or provided to Kitman Labs by someone who referred you for potential employment.
Your personal data will be processed for the purposes of managing Kitman Labs’ recruitment related activities, which include identifying candidates, setting up and conducting interviews and tests for applicants, evaluating and assessing the results thereto, and as is otherwise needed in the recruitment and hiring processes.  Such processing is legally permissible under Art. 6(1)(f) of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation) as necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Kitmans Labs, which are the solicitation, evaluation, and selection of applicants for employment.
Kitman Labs does not disclose your personal data to unauthorised third parties; however, as a global organisation we have offices in various countries around the world and rely on resources worldwide.  Kitman Labs may use third parties to act on our behalf.  To the extent necessary your personal data may be transferred and/or disclosed to any Kitman Labs entity as well as to third parties acting on our behalf, including transfers to servers and databUse the ases outside the country where you provided us with your personal data.  Such transfers may include transfers and/or disclosures outside the European Economic Area and in the United States of America, but all will be done in compliance with the GDPR.
Your personal data will be retained by Kitman Labs for as long as is necessary in order to evaluate your application for employment. If unsuccessful, your personal data will be deleted after a period of time in line with our retention policy.  Please note that as per the GDPR, you have the right to object to this processing (i.e. if you want us to stop considering you for the hire), request access to your personal data, to request that your personal data be rectified or erased, and to request that processing of your personal data be restricted. You also have the right to data portability. In addition, you may lodge a complaint with an EU supervisory authority.
If you have any questions, or wish to exercise any of your rights as an individual under the GDPR, please contact Kitman Labs’ Data Protection Officer at
dpo@kitmanlabs.com
.  You can always find our full privacy statement at
http://www.kitmanlabs.com/privacy
.
Kitman Labs is located at Block B, Floor 4, Joyce’s Court, Joyce’s Walk, Dublin 1, Ireland, and can be contacted by emailing
careers@kitmanlabs.com
.
The Irish Data Protection Commission address is 21 Fitzwilliam Square South, Dublin 2, D02 RD28, Ireland. A link to their website is
here
.