Navigation
Home
News
About us
Career
Contact
Search form
Search
You are here
Home
» Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Solverlabs, LLC (“Solverlabs, LLC”, or “we”) is dedicated to protecting the privacy rights of our online users (“users” or “you”). This Online Privacy Policy has been created to inform you as to the ways we collect, store, use, and manage the information you provide in connection with Solverlabs. Please note that the scope of this Privacy Policy is limited only to information collected by our games through use of the Service. This policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that we do not own or control.
By using the Service, you are agreeing to the collection and use of your personal information and non-personal information as outlined in this Privacy Policy.
It is advised that you review this Policy regularly as it may be amended from time to time, without notice.
INFORMATION COLLECTED AND USED
Our primary objective in collecting user information is to provide and enhance the Service and to enable users to easily navigate and enjoy the Service.
When you install our games, we may collect and record the information you provide us voluntarily through the social networking website in accordance with their policies and terms.
The types of personal information collected in accordance with the activities listed above may vary depending on the activity. Personal information may include:
Your name;
Device identification number;
Your location;
IP address;
Email address;
Non-personal information is information that is not, on its own, personal information, such as your IP address, but that may be considered part of an individual’s personal information if combined with other identifiers in a way that enables identification of an individual.
Additionally, we may acquire information from you through:
Your access and participation in message boards on the Service;
Your email of a question to our customer support;
Your purchase of a virtual product of any type.
The Service will also record game play information such as your high scores or game session duration. When you invite new members into your network or send messages through our games, we collect and maintain the information associated with those messages, including email address and content.
We will never at any time ask you for your credit card or bank account information, your login or password, or national identification numbers via any unsolicited means, including email and telephone calls.
SENSITIVE INFORMATION
We ask that you not send us, and you not disclose, any sensitive Personal Information (e.g., social security numbers, information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, criminal background or trade union membership) on or through the Properties or otherwise to us.
SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES
Except as set forth in this Privacy Policy, We do not share your personal information with any third parties. In the event we offer services or promotions where your information is separately collected and used according to the privacy policy of a third-party, we will inform you of that at the time of collection and you may elect not to participate in the service or promotion. We also may share your information with third parties as required by law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose you or us to legal liability.
We may share your information with third party companies that perform services on our behalf, including payment processing, order fulfillment, data analysis, marketing services, e-mail campaigns, hosting services, and customer service. While providing the services for us, these companies may access your personal information, and are required to use it solely as directed by us for the purpose of our requested service.
In conjunction with the running of our games we may partner with a third party to assist us in providing you with our Service. We will share the information you provide us through your social network such as (1) your first and last name, (2) your profile picture or its URL, (3) your user identification number of the pertinent social network, which is linked to publicly available information such as name and profile picture (4) the login email you provide to the pertinent social network upon registration; (5) game play information with these third parties so they may facilitate the use of our Service as well as contact you about other games which may be of interest to you, service notifications and to solicit your feedback and input. If you do not wish to have this information shared please do not use our Service. If you wish to no longer have your personal information used by our partners you may contact us to
support@solverlabs.com
and we will facilitate your request to the partner.
We may use and share with third party advertisers (and other third parties) certain technical information and other non-personal information to show general demographic and preference information among our users. We may also allow advertisers to collect technical information and other non-personal information, which they may share with us, through the use of tracking technologies like cookies and web beacons. The information collected may be used to offer you targeted ad-selection and delivery in order to personalize your user experience by increasing the likelihood that advertisements for products and services you see will appeal to you, a practice known as behavioral advertising, and to undertake web analytics (i.e. to analyze traffic and other end user activity to improve your experience).
Information about our users is an integral part of our business. We neither rent nor sell your personal information to anyone. We share your personal information only as described in this Privacy Policy.
Appodeal's Privacy Policy.
PROTECTING PERSONAL INFORMATION
We strive to protect personal information while it is under our control. Your account information is accessible online only through the use of a password. To help protect the confidentiality of personal information, you must keep your password confidential and not disclose it to any other person. You acknowledge that you provide your personal information at your own risk. You are also responsible for all uses of the our games and applications by any person using your password. Please advise us immediately if you believe your password has been compromised or misused.
SECURITY
We have implemented commercially reasonable technical, physical, managerial and organizational measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat those measures or use, disclose, or alter your personal information for improper purposes. Also please note that email and messaging systems are not considered secure, so we discourage you from sending us personal information through these mediums.
In the event that personal information has been or is compromised as a result of a breach of security, We will promptly notify those persons whose personal information has been compromised, in accordance with the notification procedures set forth in this Privacy Policy, or as otherwise required by applicable law.
To protect your privacy and security, we take reasonable measures (such as requiring a unique password) to verify your identity before permitting you access to your account or the Service. You are responsible to maintain the secrecy of your unique password and account information and for controlling access to your email communication or interaction through the Site or our authorized social networking at all times.
DELETING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
You can change or delete any personal information by changing the applicable information found in your account. However, by deleting the entirety of this information your account may become deactivated.
COMMUNICATION
If you contact us via e-mail, we will collect your name and e-mail address, as well as any other content included in the e-mail, in order to send you a reply. We may use your personal information submitted in your communications to contact and respond to you.
CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used. If we make changes in the way we use personal information, we will notify you by posting an announcement on our Service or sending you an email. You are bound by any changes to the Privacy Policy when you use the Service after such changes have been first posted. If you object to any change, your sole recourse shall be to immediately terminate your account and cease using the Site and Service.
CONTACT
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this privacy policy, please send us a detailed message to
support@solverlabs.com
Solverlabs uses
cookies
to ensure that you get the best experience on our websites.
By continuing to use this site you agree to accept these cookies.
OK