You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.mavenclinic.com/lp/notice-of-privacy-practices:
Notice of Privacy Practices
Last updated: December 19, 2023
‍
THIS NOTICE DESCRIBES HOW MEDICAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOU MAY BE USED AND DISCLOSED AND HOW YOU CAN ACCESS THIS INFORMATION. PLEASE REVIEW IT CAREFULLY.
‍
This Notice of Privacy Practices applies to the employees and independent providers of DCW Providers (IL) PLLC; DCW Providers, P.C.; DCW Providers NJ P.C.; and Maven Clinic Administrators. The practices and entities that are subject to this Notice are collectively known as “Maven” (“us,” “we,” or “our”). The providers who deliver services through Maven are independent professionals practicing within several groups of independently owned professional practices.
‍
Maven Clinic Co. operates the websites located at https://www.mavenclinic.com/ and other websites, products, services, and mobile applications with links to this Notice of Privacy Practices, including without limitation the Maven webpages and applications (collectively, the “Sites” or “Websites”, unless otherwise specified). Individuals who use the Sites and access services through the Sites are referred below as “Users”, “Members”, “you”, “your”, or “yours”.
‍
This Notice of Privacy Practices (the “Notice”) will tell you about the ways in which we may use and disclose medical or billing records or other health information we use to make decisions about you (“Protected Health Information” or “PHI”). We also describe your rights and certain obligations we have regarding the use and disclosure of your PHI and how you can access your PHI.
‍
Your Information. Your Rights. Our Responsibilities.
‍
Your Rights
We understand that information about you and your health is sensitive, and we are committed to safeguarding your PHI. By PHI, we mean protected health information as defined under federal law (the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, or HIPAA, and its implementing regulations).
We also strongly believe that individuals should control their own health information, and in that regard you have certain rights with respect to your health information.
‍
Except as described in this Notice, we will not disclose PHI without your authorization.
Get an electronic or
paper copy of your medical record.
You can ask to see or get an electronic or paper copy of your medical record and other health information we have about you. Ask us how to do this.
We will provide a copy or a summary of your health information within the time required by applicable state regulations.
Ask us to correct your medical record.
You can ask us to correct health information about you that you think is incorrect or incomplete. Ask us how to do this.
We may say “no” to your request, but we will tell you why in writing within sixty (60) days.
Request confidential
communications.
You have a right to request we communicate with you confidentially about your PHI and contact you in a specific way or to send mail to a different address. All reasonable requests will be honored.
Ask us to limit what
we use or share.
You can ask us
not
to use or share certain health information for treatment, payment, or our healthcare operations. We are not required to agree to your request, and we may say “no” if it affects your care.
If you pay for a healthcare service out-of-pocket in full, you can ask us not to share that information for the purpose of payment or our operations with your health insurer. We will honor your request unless a law requires us to share that information.
Get a list of those
with whom we’ve
shared information.
You can ask for an accounting of the times we’ve shared your health information for six (6) years prior to the date you ask, who we shared it with, when we shared it, and purpose of sharing. Ask us how to do this.
We will include all the disclosures except for those about treatment, payment, and health care operations, and certain other disclosures (such as any you asked us to make). We’ll provide one accounting a year for free but will charge a reasonable, cost-based fee if you ask for another one within twelve (12) months.
Get a copy of this
privacy notice.
If you receive this notice on our website or by e-mail, you are entitled to receive a paper copy of this Notice, even if you agreed to receive such notice electronically.
File a complaint if you feel your rights are violated.
If at any time you believe we have violated your rights, you can file a complaint with us by contacting us at
privacy@mavenclinic.com
.
You can also file a complaint with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Office for Civil Rights. Upon request, we will provide the correct address to file a complaint with OCR.
We will not retaliate against you for filing a complaint.
Your Choices
For certain health information, you can tell us your choices about what we share. If you have a clear preference for how we share your information in the situations described below, talk to us. Tell us what you want us to do and we will follow your instructions.
‍
In these cases, you have
the right and choice to tell us to:
Share information with your family, close friends, or others involved in your care
Share information in a disaster relief situation
If you are not able to tell us your preference, for example if you are unconscious, we may go ahead and share your information if we believe it is in your best interest. We may also share your information when needed to lessen a serious and imminent threat to health or safety.
‍
In these cases, we
never
share your PHI without your written authorization:
Marketing purposes
Sale of your information
Most sharing of psychotherapy notes
Uses and Disclosures Without Your Written Authorization
In certain situations, we must obtain your written authorization in order to use and/or disclose your PHI.  However, unless the PHI is Highly Confidential Information (as defined in the next sentence) and the applicable law regulating such information imposes special restrictions on us, we may use and disclose your PHI without your written authorization for the purposes described below.  “Highly Confidential Information” means certain health information that is given special privacy protection by federal and state law and may include substance use disorder treatment program records, mental health records, and other health information that is given special privacy protection under state or federal laws other than HIPAA. In order for us to disclose any Highly Confidential Information for a purpose other than those permitted by law, we must obtain your authorization.
‍
We may use or share your PHI without your authorization in the following ways:
Treatment.
We can use your PHI and share it with other professionals who are treating you and for care coordination purposes. We may also share your information with your health plan for care coordination purposes offered through their care management programs. For example, we may share your information with other healthcare providers such as doctors, nurses and laboratories, to meet your healthcare needs.
Payment and Billing.
We can use and share your PHI to bill and get payment from your insurance, health plan, or other entities responsible for paying for your health care. For example, we give information about you to your health insurance plan so it will pay for your services.
Healthcare Operations.
We can use and share your PHI for our health care operations, including to run our clinical practice, improve your care, and contact you when necessary. For example, we use PHI about you to manage your care and our services.
Disclosure to Relatives, Close Friends, and Other Caregivers
.  We may use or disclose your PHI to a family member, other relative, a close personal friend or any other person identified by you when you are present for, or otherwise available prior to, the disclosure, if: (1) we obtain your agreement or provide you with the opportunity to object to the disclosure and you do not object; or (2) we reasonably infer that you do not object to the disclosure. If you are not present for or unavailable prior to a disclosure (e.g., when we receive a telephone call from a family member or other caregiver), we may exercise our professional judgment to determine whether a disclosure is in your best interests. If we disclose information under such circumstances, we would disclose only information that is directly relevant to the person’s involvement with your care.
Public Health Activities
.  We may disclose your PHI: (1) to report health information to public health authorities for the purpose of preventing or controlling disease, injury or disability; (2) to report child abuse and neglect to a government authority authorized by law to receive such reports; (3) to report information about products under the jurisdiction of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration; (4) to alert a person who may have been exposed to a communicable disease or may otherwise be at risk of contracting or spreading a disease or condition; and (5) to report information to your employer as required under laws addressing work-related illnesses and injuries or workplace medical surveillance.
Victims of Abuse, Neglect or Domestic Violence.
We may disclose your PHI if we reasonably believe you are a victim of abuse, neglect or domestic violence to a government authority authorized by law to receive reports of such abuse, neglect, or domestic violence.
Health Oversight Activities
.  We may disclose your PHI to an agency that oversees the healthcare system and is charged with responsibility for ensuring compliance with the rules of government health programs such as Medicare or Medicaid.
Help with health and safety issues.
We may disclose PHI to the extent necessary to avert a serious and imminent threat to your health or safety, or the health or safety of others.
Law Enforcement
. We may disclose PHI to a law enforcement official investigating a suspect, fugitive, material witness, crime victim or missing person, as required by law or in compliance with a court order.
Military and National Security
. We may disclose to authorized federal officials medical information required for lawful intelligence, counterintelligence, and other national security activities.
Legal Proceedings
. We may disclose PHI in response to a court or administrative order, subpoena, discovery request, or other lawful process.
As Required by Law
.  We may use and disclose your PHI when required to do so by any applicable federal, state, or local law.
Research
. We may use and disclose your PHI for research purposes pursuant to a valid authorization from you or when an institutional review board or privacy board has waived the authorization requirement. Under certain circumstances, your PHI may be disclosed without your authorization to researchers preparing to conduct a research project, for research on decedents, or as part of a data set that omits your name and other information that can directly identify you.
Decedents
.  We may disclose your PHI to a coroner or medical examiner as authorized by law.
Workers’ Compensation
.  We may disclose your PHI as authorized by and to the extent necessary to comply with state law relating to workers’ compensation or other similar programs.
Business Associates
. Certain aspects and components of our services are performed through contracts with outside persons or organizations, such as auditing, outcomes data collection, information technology infrastructure, email communications, etc. At times it may be necessary for us to provide your protected health information to one or more of these outside persons or organizations who assist us with our health care operations. In all cases, we require these associates to appropriately safeguard the privacy of your information.
Uses and Disclosures Requiring Your Written Authorization
Except for the purposes described above, we only use or disclose your PHI when you give us your written authorization. For example:
Marketing.
We must obtain your written authorization prior to using your PHI or disclosing your PHI
for purposes that are marketing under the HIPAA privacy rules. For example, we will not accept any payments from other organizations or individuals in exchange for making communications to you about treatments, therapies, health care providers, settings of care, case management, care coordination, products or services unless you have given us your authorization to do so or the communication is permitted by law. However, we may provide refill reminders or communicate with you about a drug or biologic that is currently prescribed to you so long as any payment we receive for making the communication is reasonably related to our cost of making the communication. In addition, we may market to you in a face-to-face encounter and give you promotional gifts of nominal value without obtaining your written authorization.
Sale of Protected Health Information
. We will not sell your PHI without your written authorization.
Our Responsibilities
We are required by law to maintain the privacy and security of your PHI.
We will let you know promptly if a breach occurs that has compromised the privacy or security of your information.
We must follow the duties and privacy practices described in the version of this Notice currently in effect and give you a copy of it.
We will not use or share your information other than as described here unless you tell us we can in writing. If you tell us we can, you may change your mind at any time. Let us know in writing if you change your mind.
For more information, see:  ​​
www.hhs.gov/ocr/privacy/hipaa/understanding/consumers/noticepp.html
.
‍
Changes to the Terms of This Notice
We may change the terms of this Notice at any time, and the changes will apply to all PHI that we maintain, including medical information we created or received prior to making such changes. If we change this Notice, we will post the new notice on our Websites. You also may obtain any new notice by contacting us using the contact information set forth below.
‍
Contact Us
For all inquiries, requests for records, special requests, or to file a complaint, please send a written request to:
Maven Clinic
Attn: Privacy Officer
160 Varick Street, 6
th
Floor
New York, NY 10013
privacy@mavenclinic.com
Customer shall complete Maven’s Wallet onboarding survey to confirm the design of its applicable benefit plan(s), including but not limited to member enrollment eligibility requirements, eligible expense types that Participants can have reimbursed, and tax treatment.
Customer shall provide Maven an eligibility file on an agreed upon cadence, but at a minimum on a monthly basis
Each Wallet-enrolled Participant is responsible for timely submitting valid proofs of payment, itemized invoices for services, applicable bank account information, and any requested substantiation documentation to Maven and/or its designated agent.
Customer and Maven will set up payment funding instructions during the implementation process. Customer shall be responsible for providing appropriate funds in advance for Maven Wallet reimbursements in order to complete the fund transfer to reimburse Participants in a timely fashion.
Maven will collect expense reimbursement information from Wallet-enrolled Participants using its online platform.
Maven will review expense reimbursement requests received from Wallet-enrolled Participants against the applicable benefit plan rules confirmed by the Customer, and will refer to the Customer any questions that arise which are not clearly determined by the applicable benefit plan rules.
Customer shall promptly respond to any questions from Maven regarding clarification of applicable benefit plan rules.
Customer understands, acknowledges, and agrees that any Eligible Customer Beneficiary included in the Eligibility File will be considered eligible for Wallet reimbursements unless otherwise indicated by Customer in writing.
Maven will compile receipts and expenses provided by Wallet-enrolled Participants and prepare aggregated Wallet expense reports and invoices (“Wallet Invoices”), which it will send to Customer on a weekly basis for any week in which a Wallet-enrolled Participant submits a reimbursement request.
Customer shall confirm which Wallet Invoice expenses are approved to be reimbursed and ensure that sufficient funds are available for Maven or its designated agent to process approved reimbursement payments within 3 business days of Customer’s receipt of a Wallet Invoice.
Maven will, at its discretion, either: (1) remit Customer-provided reimbursement funds to the applicable Participant’s bank account within 5 business days of Customer approving the reimbursement, provided that sufficient Customer funds have been made available for reimbursement and the applicable Participant has provided their bank account information; or (2) provide a report of approved reimbursement amounts, type, and tax treatment to facilitate Customer’s direct reimbursement of the applicable Participant(s) via its payroll system.
Customer’s obligations under this Attachment shall continue for a minimum of 90 days beyond the termination of the Agreement, to facilitate Maven’s provision of its administrative reimbursement services for Participants enrolled in Wallet prior to termination of the Agreement who wish to submit reimbursement requests for eligible expenses incurred prior to the termination of the Agreement.
Customer acknowledges and agrees that it is solely responsible for any communications to members about its employer-sponsored benefit plans, including any communications necessary to inform members of alternative claim submission procedures upon the termination or expiration or this Agreement.
Customer, as the fiduciary, plan sponsor, and plan administrator of its employee benefit plan(s), acknowledges that it is fully responsible, and Maven shall have no liability, for the establishment, design and administration of Customer’s employee benefit plan(s) and all tax compliance and payroll reporting associated with any such employee benefit plan(s). Customer understands, acknowledges and agrees that: (A) Maven is not a plan sponsor, plan administrator or fiduciary with respect to any Customer plan supported by Maven Wallet; (B) Maven shall have no responsibility or liability with respect to any Customer plan supported by Maven Wallet; (C) to the extent that Maven provides any administrative or other services with respect to a Customer plan, (I) all such services shall be non-discretionary, ministerial services taken on behalf of Customer and at Customer’s specific direction, (II) Maven shall not take on any fiduciary or other obligations as a result of such services under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA), or any other law, and (III) Customer shall remain solely responsible and liable for such services and any underlying obligations; (D) Customer will defend and hold harmless Maven and its owners, employees, officers, managers and directors from and against all liability, demands, damages, costs or expenses (including reasonable attorney’s fees) (collectively, “Liabilities”) arising from any claim, action or proceeding, in each case brought by a third party (each, a “Claim”) to the extent such Claim is related to any Customer plan supported by Maven Wallet.
Sub-policy 1
https://www.pathfactory.com/privacy-policy:
PathFactory Privacy Policy
Update effective date: February 14th, 2024
PathFactory Inc. and its affiliates (“PathFactory“, “Us” or “We“) provides an intelligent content platform which helps marketing and sales organizations educate prospects and customers faster and more efficiently by delivering more of the content people need about you and your products or services whenever and wherever they click.
This privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) describes PathFactory’s collection, use, and disclosure of the information collected from visitors to www.PathFactory.com website and any affiliated websites (“Sites”).  By accessing and using the site and/or services, you expressly consent to our collection, storage, use and disclosure of your information as described in this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that PathFactory does not own or control, or to individuals that PathFactory does not employ or manage. By voluntarily providing us with Personal Information, you are consenting to our use of it in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
What types of information does PathFactory collect about its users?
Personal Information. “Personal Information” is information that identifies you as an individual or relates to an identifiable individual, including: name, title, company name, job function, expertise, postal address, telephone number, or email address. If you submit any Personal Information relating to other people to us or to our service providers in connection with the Sites, you represent that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Other Information. “Other Information” is any information that does not reveal your specific identity or does not directly relate to an identifiable individual. This might include, for instance, browser and device information; App usage data; information collected through cookies, pixel tags, and other technologies; pages visited; content downloaded; demographic information and other information provided by you; or aggregated information. We use this information to facilitate our operation of the Sites and for other purposes described below.
IP Address: Your “IP Address” is a number that is automatically assigned to the computer that you are using by your Internet Service Provider (ISP). An IP Address may be identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever you access the Sites, along with the time of the visit and the page(s) that you visited. Collecting IP Addresses is standard practice and is done automatically by many websites, applications and other services. PathFactory uses IP Addresses to calculate usage levels of the Sites, help diagnose problems with its servers, administer the Sites, and monitoring the regions from which you navigate to PathFactory’s Sites.
How does PathFactory collect information?
Personal Information. We and our service providers may collect Personal Information in a variety of ways, including without limitation:
Through the Sites:  We may collect Personal Information through the Sites, e.g., when you request a free trial or demo, register for a webinar, contact us, subscribe to our email newsletter, download content (e.g. whitepapers), or register to use our Sites.
Offline:  We may collect Personal Information from you offline, such as when you attend one of our events, during phone calls with sales representatives, or when you contact customer service.
Through You: PathFactory may collect information such as your location or your preferred means of communication when you voluntarily provide it. Unless combined with Personal Information, this information does not personally identify you or any other user of the Sites. Note that there is no legal obligation for you to provide us with personal information and any information collected by us will be provided by you at your own will and with your consent.
Information From Other Sources:  In order to enhance our ability to provide relevant marketing, offers, and services to you, we may obtain information about you from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, social media platforms, as well as from other third parties.
Other Information. We and our service providers may collect Other Information in a variety of ways, including:
Through Your Browser or Device:  Certain information is collected by most browsers or automatically through your device, such as your Media Access Control (MAC) address, computer type (Windows or Macintosh), screen resolution, operating system name and version, device manufacturer and model, language, Internet browser type and version, and the name and version of the Sites (such as the Apps) you are using.
Through Cookies and Other Similar Technologies:  We may use a technology called “cookies” in operating and managing the Site.  A cookie is a piece of information that the computer that hosts the Site gives to your browser when you access the Site.  Our cookies help provide additional functionality to the Site and help us analyze usage of the Site accurately. On most web browsers, you will find a help section on the toolbar.  Please refer to this section for information on how to receive notifications when you are receiving a new cookie and how to turn cookies off.
PathFactory also uses web analytics services, which use cookies and similar technologies to analyze how users use the Domains. The information generated about Domain usage (including your shortened IP address) is transmitted to the service and is used to evaluate visitors’ use of the Domain, compile statistical reports on Domain activity, and provide other services related to the Site and Internet use. Such services may also collect information about Domain visitors’ use of other websites.
By Aggregating Information:  Aggregated Personal Information does not personally identify you or any other user of the Sites (for example, we may aggregate Personal Information to calculate the percentage of our users who have a particular telephone area code).
How does PathFactory use personal information?
How does PathFactory use personal information?
To respond to your inquiries and fulfill your requests, such as to send you newsletters.
To send administrative information to you, for example, information regarding the Sites and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
To communicate with you and provide you with related customer service.
To send you marketing communications that we believe may be of interest to you.
For our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, fraud monitoring and prevention, developing new products, enhancing, improving or modifying our Sites and services, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and operating and expanding our business activities.
As we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, that may include laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities including without limitation public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations; (f) to protect PathFactory rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or those of our employees, our agents, our affiliates, you or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
No mobile information will be shared with third parties/affiliates for marketing/promotional purposes. All other categories exclude text messaging originator opt-in data and consent; this information will not be shared with any third parties.
Information about our users is an integral part of our business. We only share your Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Third-Party Business Partners:
PathFactory partners with a variety of businesses and works closely with them to market or sell products or services. In certain situations, these businesses operate within or cooperatively with the Sites. We may disclose Personal Information to our partners for the purposes described above.  Some of our third-party business partners may co-sponsor events and other offerings with PathFactory.  We may share Personal Information with these co-sponsors when you sign up for events or offerings to allow our partners to send you marketing communications and information that may be of interest to you, as permitted under applicable law.
Agents and Service Providers:
We contract with other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and may share your Personal Information with them to provide products or services to you, or to otherwise communicate with you, such as to provide marketing or offers on our behalf.  Examples may include removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, and performing analysis related to our products or services. We may also provide your Personal Information to agents and service providers to verify or compile aggregate usage data that we provide to our partners. When we share this information in this way, we seek to require the agent or service provider to maintain the privacy, confidentiality and security of the Personal Information.
PathFactory Blog and Social Media Pages:
Personal Information may also be disclosed by you through the Sites, on message boards, chat, profile pages and blogs and other services to which you are able to post information and materials (including, without limitation, our PathFactory Blog, and the Social Media Pages). This information may appear in public ways, such as through search engines or other publicly available platforms, and may be “crawled” or searched by third parties. Please do not post any information that you do not want to reveal to the public at large.
Protection of PathFactory and Others:
We may release Personal Information when we believe that release is necessary or appropriate  (a) under applicable law, that may include laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities including without limitation public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce or apply our conditions of use and other agreements; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (f) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain; and (g) to protect the rights, privacy, property, or safety of PathFactory, our employees, our agents, our affiliates, our users, or any other person or entity. This release for protection purposes may include without limitation exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
How does PathFactory use and disclose other information?
We may use and disclose Other Information for any purpose, except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law. If we are required to treat Other Information as Personal Information under applicable law, then we may use it for all the purposes for which we use and disclose Personal Information.
In some instances, we may combine Other Information with Personal Information (such as combining your name with your geographical location). If we do, we will treat the combined information as Personal Information for as long as it is combined.
How does PathFactory secure personal information about me?
We have implemented organizational, technical, and administrative measures to protect Personal Information within our organization, including security controls to prevent unauthorized access to our systems. While we take reasonable steps to secure your Personal Information from loss, misuse, interference and unauthorized access, modification and disclosure, you should be aware no security procedures or protocols are ever guaranteed to be 100 percent secure from intrusion or hacking, and there is therefore always some risk assumed by sharing Personal Information online.
How can I correct or remove information about me?
If you feel that any Personal Information about you that has been collected and stored by PathFactory is incorrect, or if you would like Personal Information about you to be removed from our systems, please notify us at
privacy@pathfactory.com
so that we may consider and respond to your request in accordance with applicable law. You may also request access to your Personal Information held by PathFactory, by sending a written request to
privacy@pathfactory.com
.
For your protection, we may only respond to requests with respect to the Personal Information associated with the particular email address that you use to send us your request, and we may need to verify your identity before reviewing your request. We will try to satisfy your request as soon as reasonably practicable, subject to applicable law.
Please note that we may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes and/or to complete any transactions that you began prior to requesting such change or deletion.
For how long will PathFactory retain my personal information?
We will retain your Personal Information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
What choices do I have?
You can always opt not to disclose information. However, if you elect to do so, we may be limited in responding to your inquiry or providing services to you.
You may opt-out of receiving marketing messages from PathFactory by sending an email to
privacy@pathfactory.com
, or by unsubscribing through the unsubscribe or opt-out link in an email sent by us.
Third party sites
The Sites may permit you to link to other websites on the Internet through direct links or through applications such as “share” or “Like” buttons, and other websites likewise may contain links to the Sites. The information practices or content of such other websites is governed by the privacy statements of those websites and not by this Privacy Policy.  We encourage you to review the privacy policies found on such other websites, services, and applications to understand how your information may be collected and used by such websites.
Similarly, please note that we are not responsible for the collection, use and disclosure policies and practices (including the data security practices) of other organizations, such as Facebook, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Blackberry, or any other app developer, app provider, social media platform provider, operating system provider, wireless service provider, or device manufacturer, including any Personal Information you disclose to other organizations through or in connection with the Apps or the Social Media Pages.
Your data privacy rights
Depending on where you are located and/or live, you may exercise certain data privacy rights, and we will facilitate the exercise of those rights.
European Privacy Rights
If you are a resident or are otherwise located in the territory of Europe, this section provides additional details about the personal data we collect about you, and your rights granted by the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”).
Subject to certain limitations, the GDPR provides you the following privacy rights:
Transparency and the right to information. Through this policy we explain how we use and share your personal information. However, if you have questions or concerns you can contact us any time at
privacy@pathfactory.com
.
Right of access, objection, restriction of processing, erasure, and portability. You can make a request to access, object, restrict, erase, or transfer any of your personal data here. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time when we process your personal data based on your consent.
Right to opt-out to direct marketing. You have the right to opt-out at any time to receiving marketing materials from us by contacting us at
privacy@pathfactory.com
Right not to be subject to an automated decision, including profiling. We do not make automated decisions using your personal data that may negatively impact you. We use cookies and similar technologies on our Site to personalize your experience on the Site and recommending software products and services that may be of interest to you.
Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. If you consider that the processing of your personal data infringes your privacy rights according to the GDPR, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in the member state of your habitual residence, place of work, or place of the alleged infringement. Contact details for the EU data protection authorities can be found at
https://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.html
Legal Basis for Processing (EEA and Switzerland only)
Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal data described in this policy will depend on the type of information and the context in which we collect it.
However, we will normally collect personal data from you only in the following circumstances:
Where we have your express consent to do so
Where we need the personal data to perform a contract with you
Where the processing is in our legitimate interests and is not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms
In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal data from you to protect your vital interests or those of another person (for example, to prevent, investigate or identify possible wrongdoing in connection with the Site or to comply with legal obligations).
If we ask you to provide personal data to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will identify such basis for processing at the relevant time and let you know if the provision of your personal information is mandatory or not (as well as the possible consequences associated with not providing such information).
If we collect and use your personal data in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), this interest will typically be to operate our Site, communicate with you in relation to your account or the Site, to solicit information from you, including through surveys, to share aggregated information with providers of listed products or services and other licensees of our research and report offerings, to measure interest in and improve our offerings and Site, to engage in marketing activities, and to otherwise customize your experience with PathFactory.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us at
privacy@pathfactory.com
.
California Privacy Rights
If you are a resident of California, this section provides additional details about the personal information we collect about you, and your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act, or “CCPA.”
Subject to certain limitations, the CCPA provides you the right to request:
That we provide you access to details on the categories or specific pieces of personal information we collect (including how we use and disclose this information);
That we delete any of your personal information;
To opt out of any “sale” of your personal information that may occur; and
To not be discriminated against for exercising any of the above rights.
If you would like to submit a request to exercise your California privacy rights under the CCPA, you may do so here. We will verify your request using information associated with your account, including your email address. Further identification may be required. You may also designate an authorized agent to act on your behalf.
Nevada Privacy Rights
If you are a resident of Nevada, Nevada law (SB 220), permits customers in Nevada to opt-out of the sale of certain kinds of personal information. A sale under Nevada law is the transfer of this personal information to third parties for monetary consideration so these third parties can then re-sell or license the sold information. PathFactory does not sell your personal information to third parties as defined in Nevada law. If you are a Nevada resident and wish to obtain information about our compliance with Nevada law, please contact us as at privacy@pathfactory.com.
Sensitive information
We ask that you not send us or disclose any sensitive Personal Information (e.g., social security numbers, information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, biometrics or genetic characteristics, criminal background, or trade union membership) on or through the Sites or via other means.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
PathFactory may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. The “Effective Date” legend at the top of this page indicates when this Privacy Policy was last revised. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Sites. Your use of the Sites following these changes means that you accept the revised Privacy Policy.
International Transfer of Data
Your Personal Information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, and by using the Sites or disclosing information to us you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence, including without limitation the United States of America, Canada, India, Ireland, Israel, Japan, and the United Kingdom, which may have different data protection rules than those of your country of residence or the country in which you were located when you initially provided the information in question.
Other
The Site is a general audience site and does not offer services directed to individuals under 18 years of age.
No one under the age of 18 may provide any information to or on the Site. We do not knowingly collect personal information from individuals under 18.
If you are under 18, do not use or provide any information on this Site or on or through any of its features, do not register on this Site, use any of the interactive or comment features of this Site, or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use. Should an individual whom we know to be under the age of 18 send personal information to us, we will delete or destroy such information as soon as reasonably possible. If you believe we might have this type of information, please contact us.
Your privacy is important to us. If you have any questions, concerns, or complaints regarding the way we collect and handle your information, please contact us by email at
privacy@pathfactory.com
or by mail at PathFactory HQ, 100 King St. West, Suite 5700, Toronto, ON M5X 1C7.
ATTN: Privacy Group. Because email communications are not always secure, please do not include credit card information or other sensitive information in your emails to us.
PathFactory will take any privacy complaint seriously and any complaint will be assessed by an appropriate person with the aim of resolving any issue in a timely and efficient manner. We request that you cooperate with us during this process and provide us with any relevant information that we may need.
Your data privacy rights
We are compliant with  UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU Commission Standard Contractual Clauses, incorporated by reference herein and a copy of which can be found at
international-data-transfer-addendum.pdf (ico.org.uk)
as amended and incorporating the EU Standard Contractual Clauses.
Sub-policy 2
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;
Sub-policy 3
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/How-to-Submit-a-Complaint-Relating-to-a-Participating-Organization-s-Compliance-with-the-DPF-Principles-dpf:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;