our.com
PRIVACY POLICY
The Website www.our.com is owned by The Netwizzy Company, 
S.L. and complies with the requirements of the regulations in effect 
regarding the protection of personal information, and, specifically, 
Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 27 April 2016 regarding the protection of physical persons with 
regard to the processing of personal data and the free circulation of 
those data.
The Netwizzy Company, S.L. reserves the right to modify or 
adapt the present Privacy Policy at any time. As a consequence, we 
recommend that you review the policy each time that you enter the 
Website. In the case of users who have registered on the Website and 
enter their account or profile, upon access the same, they will be 
informed when there have been substantial modifications regarding the 
processing of their personal data.
Who is the PARTY RESPONSIBLE FOR THE PROCESSING?
The data which are collected or that you provide voluntarily 
through the Website, whether by browsing the site or through those data 
you may provide in contact forms, via e-mail or telephone, will be 
gathered and processed by the Data Controller whose data are indicated 
below:
Identity
The Netwizzy Company, S.L.
TIN: B97726913
Postal address: Daniel Balaciart, 2 - 46020 – Valencia (VALENCIA)
Telephone +34 963 693 726
E-mail: admin@netwizzy.com
URL: www.our.com
VALENCIA Mercantile Registry, Volume 8497 Book 5787 Sheet 212, Section 8, Leaf V-115519
If, for any reason, you want to contact us (through our Data 
Protection Representative) with a question related to the processing of 
your personal data or privacy, you can do so by any of the means 
indicated above.
What are your RIGHTS related to the processing of your data?
Any person has the right to obtain information about the 
existence of the processing of their personal data, access the personal 
information and data that The Netwizzy Company, S.L., has, request 
correction of inaccurate data or, where applicable, request their 
suppression when, among other reasons, the data are not needed for the 
purposes for which they were collected or the affected party withdraws 
the consent previously granted. In specific cases, the affected party 
will be able to request limits on the processing of their data, in which
 case, we will only keep the ones covered by the regulations in effect. 
In some cases, you can exercise your right to data portability which 
will be delivered to you or a new processing controller that you 
designate in a suitable, commonly used and machine-readable format. You 
have the right, at any time, to revoke your consent for any of the types
 of processing that you have granted. The Netwizzy Company, S.L. has 
forms for the exercise of any of the aforementioned rights by contacting
 us at the following e-mail address, admin@netwizzy.com, and requesting 
the form you need. Likewise, you can use the ones the Spanish Data 
Protection Agency or third parties make available to interested parties.
 These forms should be signed electronically or accompanied by a 
photocopy of your identity document. If acting through a representative,
 it must also be accompanied by a copy of their identity document or 
electronic signature. The forms shall be presented in person at the 
registered address of The Netwizzy Company, S.L. indicated above or, 
when applicable, sent via e-mail. You have the right to file a complaint
 with the Spanish Data Protection Agency in the case in which you feel 
that the request to exercise your rights has not been properly taken 
care of. The maximum period for The Netwizzy Company, S.L. to resolve 
the complaint is a month, counting from the effective receipt of the 
request by us.
WHAT DATA DO WE COMPILE VIA THE WEB SITE?
Data stored by browsing and using the Website By the simple 
fact of browsing The Netwizzy Company, S.L. Website information is 
compiled concerning:
- IP Address
- Browser version
- Operating system
- Length of the visit or browsing on the Website
The data will not be conveyed to third-parties.
User registration on the Website
In order to access certain products and/or services, the user
 may have to register on the Website. To do that, the registration form 
asks for a series of personal data. The needed and required data to be 
provided by the user to register is indicated with the symbol *. In the 
event that these fields are not provided, registration will not be 
carried out. The user and password generated are personal and 
non-transferable, the user being responsible for their safekeeping. We 
do not recommend that you write it down anywhere or that you tell any 
third-parties. We remind you that the system has a feature for 
re-establishing the password which can be used in case it needs to be 
re-established. In this case, the browsing data are associated with the 
user's registration, identifying the specific user who is browsing the 
Website. The registration data of every user are included in the 
databases of The Netwizzy Company, S.L., along with the history of 
operations performed by that user, and they will be stored in the 
databases as long as the registered user's account is not eliminated. 
Once that account is eliminated, the data will be removed from our 
databases, keeping those data related to the transactions performed for 
10 years without being accessed or altered, in order to comply with the 
periods legally in effect. The data that are not linked to transactions 
performed shall be kept for a period of 10 year unless consent is 
withdrawn, in which case they will be eliminated immediately. The legal 
basis for the processing of your personal data is the signing of a 
contract between the parties in which the user requests a series of 
products/services/tools from The Netwizzy Company, S.L.
The purposes of the processing shall be the following:
a) Managing inscription in the user's registration area and their access to the Website.
b) Managing the purchase of products and/or services offered through the Website.
c) Keeping you informed about the processing and status of your orders.
d) Responding to your request for information.
e) Managing all the tools that may be offered on the platform.
Thus, we inform you that you will receive communications via 
e-mail and/or telephone in order to report possible incidents, errors, 
problems and/or the status of your orders.
For sending marketing messages, the user's express consent 
will be requested during registration. In this regard, the user will be 
able to revoke the consent given, making use of the media indicated 
above to contact The Netwizzy Company, S.L. In any event, in each 
marketing message, the possibility of opting out of the receipt of the 
same will be given, whether it be by means of a link and/or e-mail 
address.
Data provided on the contact form
You can contact us directly by e-mail, "Contact Us", etc. 
provided on the Website. For that, the user needs to identify and 
indicate their personal data so that The Netwizzy Company, S.L. can 
contact the user in the event it is necessary to respond to their 
request for information. The needed and required data to be provided by 
the user to register is indicated with the symbol *. In the event these 
fields are not provided, the site will not permit the request to be 
sent.
These personal data will be included in the databases of The 
Netwizzy Company, S.L., which will keep the same in order to respond to 
your solicitation and/or request for information and, after that, will 
be eliminated in a period of 1 month.
The legal basis for the processing of these data is the 
consent of the user who requests information or has the need to be in 
contact with The Netwizzy Company, S.L.
The purposes of the processing shall be the following:
a) Managing the consultations or requests for information that you send us through the Website.
b)
 Sending messages, special offers, notices or actions that are of 
interest to you or that you request including by electronic means. Being
 an ancillary purpose to the main one, you must check a box enabled to 
that effect. The personal data that you provide to us by this medium 
will not be communicated to third-parties, The Netwizzy Company, S.L. 
being the one which responds directly to this type of enquiries.
Work for us
In the case in which you provide you curriculum vitae, 
whether by means of the Website, e-mail or physically at the registered 
address or any headquarters of The Netwizzy Company, S.L., it will be 
incorporated into its database. The curriculum will be stored for a 
period of 1 year, after which, in the case in which we have not 
contacted you, it will be eliminated. The legal bases for processing is 
based on the express consent provided by the interested party for the 
processing of the data contained in the curriculum by sending the same 
and checking the box provided to that effect. The purpose of the 
processing is to enter you into present and future hiring processes of 
The Netwizzy Company, S.L. In the event that, in the end, the interested
 party becomes an employee of The Netwizzy Company, S.L., their data 
will be incorporated in a database owned by the company for the purpose 
of managing the employee-employer labour relationship internally.
Sending the Newsletter
On the Website the option of subscribing to the Newsletter of
 The Netwizzy Company, S.L. is provided. For that purpose, you need to 
provide us with an e-mail address to which we can send it. That 
information will be stored in a database of The Netwizzy Company, S.L. 
in which it will remain until the interested party asks to end the 
subscription or, if applicable, the sending is ended by The Netwizzy 
Company, S.L. The legal basis for processing these personal data is the 
express consent given by those interested parties who subscribe to this 
service marking the check box provided for that purpose. The e-mail data
 will only be processed and stored for the purpose managing the sending 
of the Newsletter to those users who request it. For that purpose, an 
application for sending the Newsletter automatically is used, that 
application having access to the e-mail addresses.
In order to send the Newsletter, the express consent of the 
user is requested when registering for it by checking the box provided 
for that purpose. In this regard, the user will be able to revoke the 
consent given, making use of the media indicated above to contact The 
Netwizzy Company, S.L. In any event, in each communication, the 
possibility of opting out of the receipt of the same will be given, 
whether it be by means of a link and/or e-mail address. The sending of 
the Newsletter is done using a commercial platform SENDER EMAIL GLOBAL 
SL., a company set up in Spain and subject to the same data processing 
policies contained in the GPDR.