___
0
0
You have no recent items. When you start browsing, your history will show up here.
Topics
/
Terms of Purchase
Thanks for taking the time to read our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy!
This page includes information about how we process your personal data, how we use cookies as well as the rights you have in relation to processing of your personal data and our use of cookies. The policy applies to Boozt.com, Booztlet.com and respective apps (hereinafter “platforms
”
) to which reference is made in this policy.
1. PRIVACY POLICY
Boozt Fashion AB (556710-4699) (hereafter
us
,
we
or
our
) is the data controller (responsible) for the processing of your personal data at Boozt.com, Booztlet.com and respective apps, as described in this policy. If you have any questions about how we process data about you, don't hesitate to contact us at dpo_eu@boozt.com.
Or by post:
c/o Boozt Fashion AB
Attn: DPO/Legal Department
Box 4535
SE-203 20 Malmö, Sweden
When you use the platforms, we collect certain information about you and your visit. Among other things, we use this information to fulfill agreements with you and manage your user account. Depending on your consent, we also use information collected about you via cookies to improve your user experience, evaluate the use of the individual elements on our platforms and to support our marketing. You can read more about it in our cookie policy further down the page.
We only process your personal data when we have a specific purpose of doing so and when such purpose is fulfilled, we will delete the data unless there is a reason to do otherwise as described below.
Our processing of your personal data is subject to the rules of the Data Protection Regulation (hereinafter GDPR), national data protection legislation, the Data Protection Act and supplementary guidelines and opinions from the European Data Protection Board and national supervisory authority.
1.1. What information do we collect and where does it come from?
Information is collected by us
when we analyse your behaviour and engagement in communication we send or when you visit our platforms (general information in the form of e.g. IP address, country, visited pages, visited categories, visited brands, searches and click history, click rate and time spent reading the emails).
Information comes from you
when you provide information about yourself to us, for example when create your profile or when you buy goods (general information in the form of e.g. demographic data, name, email address, telephone number, payment information, items, order amount, discount level, brands and frequency. This also includes sending transactional emails, order confirmation, shipping confirmation, returns and refund confirmation).
Information comes from comes from others
when we collect it from third parties e.g. from an external credit scoring company (general information in the form of credit information).
1.2. For what purpose and on what basis do we process your personal data?
We only process your personal data when we have a purpose and legal basis for it. When you use our platforms, including when you purchase our goods, we will process your information as set out below:
1.2.1. On the basis of your consent
Targeted advertising:
When you create an account, complete a purchase, receive a welcome-voucher, or when you join Club Boozt, we may ask you whether you would like to receive direct marketing. Such direct marketing is sent in the form of newsletters, SMS and push notifications in the app. If you provide your consent to such marketing communication, we may process your contact information (such as your name, email, phone number), as well as the country of the store you shop in, information about your favorite items, brands and categories, as well as purchase and search history connected to your account for the purpose of sending you personalized content, offers, recommendations and product campaigns. When we send our newsletter via email, we measure activity and engagement associated with the newsletter by employing pixel technology that collects information about whether you have opened the email, when you opened it, and what links you clicked. Analyzing these statistics helps us to understand which parts of our newsletter are interesting to you. You may withdraw your consent at any time.
Digital advertising:
During your interaction with our website and apps, we may process your personal information for the purpose of advertising our products and services to you online. Not all of the advertising that reaches you is based on your personal information. For example, some campaigns do not target you as an individual, but are rather aimed at a broader group of consumers instead. For example, we may tailor our advertising campaigns based on geographical location of an intended audience, thereby presenting region-specific advertising that would be relevant to you. There are other types of online advertising that use your personal information which was previously collected based on your consent. Some cookies and other tracking technology can, for example, collect your personal information for the purpose of enabling targeted advertising to you. If you provide your consent to the placement of such marketing cookies and similar technologies, some of your personal data may be collected and shared with the advertising partners. You will see a complete list of cookies in our Cookie Policy. For more information on who we are sharing your data with, please see section 1.4 below. Some of these advertising partners are based outside of the EU/EEA, which entails a transfer of your personal information to third countries. For more information on transfers, see section 1.5.
Cookies and similar technology:
Our website uses cookies and similar technology to provide you with necessary functionality through absolutely necessary cookies and, if you agree, add personalisation to our services through other non-essential cookies. If you have given us your consent to the placement of cookies and similar technology, we may process certain personal information about your use of our platforms for the purpose of maintaining the functionality of our website, generating statistics and for marketing purposes. You can read more about our use of cookies in our Cookie Policy.
When you create a profile using a third-party account:
We may provide a possibility to log in to our websites and apps directly with your third party account. In case you choose to create a profile using your existing account on third party services, you will be redirected to the third party you have chosen and asked to log in to your profile. You will be also asked to confirm that you would like to share certain information regarding your profile with us. Depending on the third party you choose to log in with, it may be, for example, your name and email address. This data will be used to set up an account with us. We don’t receive any other information that is connected to your third party profile.
When you interact with us on social media:
When you interact with us on social media, for example, by liking or commenting under a post that we have published, or reach out to us with a customer-service related question on such social media such as Facebook or Instagram, we may process information that you have made publicly available on such social media profile. You can read more on what is considered public on Facebook here. Moreover, we will process the content of your inquiry to us.
Push notifications:
After downloading our apps and signing into (or creating) your account, we ask whether you would like to receive push notifications. Push notifications are in-app alerts that inform a user about e.g product campaign, or order status. If you allow us to send you push notifications we may process your name, contact information, shop country, order history in order to send you push notifications that will be relevant to you. You can withdraw or change your consent at any point of time in our apps, as well as your phone settings.
The legal basis for the above mentioned processing of your personal data is the consent you have given us in accordance with GDPR Article 6 (1)(a). You can withdraw your consent at any time. However, it does not affect the legality of the processing of your personal data that has taken place up to the time you withdraw your consent.
1.2.2. On the basis of our contractual obligations
To fulfill the contract:
We process personal information related to your profile and purchases in order to fulfil purchase contracts with you, manage your customer relationship with us, including your purchases as well as provide customer service, manage payments, as well as the processing of returns, complaints and warranty claims.
To provide you with our loyalty club:
If you are a member of the Club Boozt, we will process your personal information such as your name, address, date of birth to be able to administer your membership in Club Boozt, including registering your loyalty points, enabling purchase of Boozters and making available all the benefits and rewards to which you are entitled.
To display relevant content on-site:
We will process information related to your favourite brands, favourite categories, and favourite items to personalise the shopping experience for your needs and relevance.
The legal basis for the above processing is the consideration of fulfillment of the contract we have entered into with you, in accordance with GDPR Article 6(1)(b).
1.2.3. On the basis of our legitimate interests
Conversion tracking:
We may measure user engagement that happens on our website and apps. By studying user interactions, we gain insights into the effectiveness of different aspects of our platforms and can make improvements to enhance the experience on our platforms. Additionally, it allows us to evaluate the success of our advertising efforts, helping us make informed decisions to optimize and refine our marketing strategies. Similarly, when doing advertising campaigns, we may measure conversions based on your interaction with our ad to understand the interests of our target audience and the accuracy of our advertising. Not all of the conversion tracking collects personal data - some tracking may be based on aggregated information that cannot identify you as an individual. Personal data may be collected through cookies and other tracking technologies which are enabled only if the user has provided a separate consent when visiting our website. If you have provided your consent to the placement of cookies, such conversion data may be supplemented with additional personal data such as, for example, hashed email address that will be then used by the advertising partner to match it to the conversion result. You will see a complete list of cookies in our Cookie Policy. For more information on who we are sharing your data with, please see section 1.4. below. Some of these advertising partners are based outside of the EU/EEA, which entails a transfer of your personal information to third countries. For more information on transfers, see section 1.5.
Advertising to existing customers:
We may advertise our products or services via email to our existing customers who recently bought similar products or services, provided that they have not objected to such marketing at the time of collection of data. For this purpose, your personal data related to your recent purchases will be processed.
Profiling for marketing purpose:
To enhance your experience with our products and services, we assess how you interact with us. This helps us offer personalized recommendations and ensure that the products and content you see match your interests. We also analyze data for market research, understanding the shopping habits and interests of various customer groups (e.g., based on age, location, gender, family composition). For instance, we may study your shopping history and frequency to predict your interests and spending habits. This enables us to customize our marketing communication, placing you in a group with a more accurate and relatable marketing journey that aligns with what we believe you'll appreciate.
Customer survey and research:
We may process your personal information to carry out customer surveys, research, or data analysis that is aimed at enhancing the quality of our customer service, websites, products/services, marketing, customer relationships, and experiences. As an instance, we may process your phone number and call history with our customer service to send you a survey focused on customer service satisfaction (also called NPS) once you have reached out to our customer service. We do this in order gather feedback from you about your experience with our customer service and improve it based on your insights. Such surveys do not contain any marketing messages, and you are able to opt out at any time. Additionally, we also may reach out to you and invite you to test our new features and products. For this purpose, we may process your contact details (to enable us to get in touch with you), the country where you usually shop (as certain tests are performed in specified regions), and, in some cases, your purchase history (to ensure that the test is pertinent to your interests). These tests are always voluntary, and you can always let us know if you don’t want to participate.
When you interact with us via our chat:
When you reach out to us through the chat, we process your personal data to respond to your questions and provide assistance. The chat incorporates assistive AI chatbot technology designed to address a broad range of inquiries related to shopping at Boozt and Booztlet. Your personal data is processed to ensure we can provide you with timely and effective support, either through the AI chatbot or by connecting you with a human agent, if one is available. We may also analyse your chat interactions to ensure the quality of our service and improve the chat experience for all users. If you are a customer or registered user, we process your personal data based on the necessity of fulfilling our contractual obligations to assist you with your inquiries. For users who are not customers or do not have an account, we process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interests to facilitate communication and respond to your questions.
The information collected during your interaction with the chat may include details you provide, such as your name, email address, and the content of your chat interactions. While we may use this information to improve the quality of our responses, your personal data is not used to train the underlying AI model itself.
Fair Use:
To uphold our Fair Use policy and ensure compliance with it, we may need to process certain personal information to be able to identify and prevent any fraudulent or improper use of our services. We may process your personal data such as your name, contact information (phone number, email address, delivery and billing address), device data (IP address, device identifiers), order data and payment methods used on pending orders as well as previously placed orders, regardless of whether those orders were shipped, as well as data related to returned items and return reasons, complaints and warranty claims. We may also process this data in an aggregated manner to calculate return rate, claim rate, and average value of retained items. The processing allows us to understand and identify fraudulent patterns, as well as the patterns that indicate the misuse of our services. If our analysis indicates a risk of such misuse, we may take measures such as cancelling orders and limiting the ability to shop with us to reduce the risk, protect our sales channels, and safeguard our other customers. Such analysis is always performed manually. You can read more about our Fair Use policy in our Terms pf Purchase.
Fraud prevention:
In very specific case-by-case situations, we may process your data if it’s necessary to protect the security and integrity of our other customers' financial transactions and personal information, as well as the legitimate interests of another person. For example, if a fraud claim has been made by a third party, we have to investigate the matter to stop potential fraudulent activities and prevent them in the future. This investigation may involve processing data of other orders in case they are or likely to be connected to each other. In this case, we may process personal data and information used to place previous orders, including payment information. In specific situations, we can also receive additional information about an order or a transactions from our service providers, including distribution partners and payment service providers. This processing helps us maintain a safe and trustworthy environment for all our customers. It is important to note that this processing is specific to the circumstances of a fraud claim and is not conducted as part of general data processing practices.
Legal claims:
If necessary, we will process some of your personal information in order to be able to establish, exercise or defend legal claims, including to prevent, avert or prevent fraud and misuse of our platforms.
The legal basis for the above processing is our legitimate interest, which is considered to outweigh your interest in your personal data not being subject to processing based on GDPR Article 6 (1)(f). You may object to the processing of your data which is processed based on our legitimate interest. If you wish to do so, reach out to us at dpo_eu@boozt.com.
1.2.4. Legal obligations
We will process your personal data in order to fulfill our legal obligations under the Swedish Accounting Act as well as legislation regarding consumer rights and product safety. You will be able to see what personal data we retain for bookkeeping purposes in Kap 5, 7 § of Bookkeeping Act
(1999:1078).
The legal basis for the above processing is our legal obligations in accordance with GDPR Article 6 (1)(c).
1.3. For how long do we process your personal data?
We only store your personal information for the period necessary for the purpose of the processing. Below is an overview of the purposes and the retention period that applies to the personal data that is processed.
Purpose
Retention period
Management of customer relationship, including management of your purchases as well as provision of customer service
Information about your transactions and returns is stored until the seventh year following the end of the calendar year in which the financial year ended (See Kap 7, 2 § Swedish Bookkeeping Act (1999:1078)) and for use in ensuring compliance with our Fair Use Policy (see Sales and Delivery Conditions).
Management of your Club Boozt membership
If you are a member of Club Boozt at boozt.com, the information about your Club Boozt membership is stored for as long as you are a member of the Club Boozt.
Personalisation of the content displayed on our platforms based on your search history and your purchases
12 months after the specific personal information has been collected.
Targeted marketing based on consent to direct marketing
Until you withdraw your consent or (if the consent is not withdrawn) after a period of 12 months during which we have not communicated with you. However, we will keep documentation of your consent for a period of up to 5 years after your consent has been withdrawn.
Targeted marketing regarding products similar to those you have purchased from us
Until you opt-out from further inquiries from us or (if you do not opt-out from further inquiries from us) after a period of 12 months during which we have not communicated with you.
Legal obligations
We process the information included on your invoice for the purpose of fulfilling our legal obligations in accordance with the Swedish Accounting Act's provisions on storage of accounting material, ie. Until the seventh year following the end of the calendar year in which the financial year ended ended (See Kap 7, 2 § Swedish Bookkeeping Act (1999:1078))
Cookies
Until you withdraw your consent or (if the consent is not withdrawn) until, the cookies in question expire after the period stated in our cookie policy below.
Upholding Fair Use policy and ensuring compliance with it
If we identify a breach of our Fair Use policy and decide to limit your ability to shop with us, we will process your personal data to maintain the restriction for the duration of the relevant restriction period.
Legal claims
As long as it is necessary to be able to establish, defend or assert a legal claim.
1.4. Who do we share your personal information with?
1.4.1. Companies in the Boozt Group
Apart from Boozt Fashion AB, there are other Boozt Group companies that may be involved in processing of your data as they are assisting Boozt Fashion AB in fulfilling its obligations. The following group companies may process your personal data when you shop at boozt.com or booztlet.com:
Boozt Fulfilment & Logistics AB (556723-8182), Produktionsvägen 10, 262 78 Ängelholm, Sweden;
Kronor PSP AB (559306-0022), Hyllie Boulevard 35, 215 37 Malmö, Sweden;
Boozt Technology A/S (CVR 39032791), Njalsgade 19D, 6., 2300, Copenhagen, Denmark;
Boozt Innovation Lab ApS (CVR 31863147), Njalsgade 19D, 6., 2300, Copenhagen, Denmark;
Boozt Baltics UAB (Reg.nr. 305785629), Paupio g. 50-136, LT-11341, Vilnius, Lithuania;
Boozt Technology Baltics UAB (Reg.nr. 304614924), Paupio g. 50-136, LT-11341, Vilnius, Lithuania;
Boozt Technology Poland sp.z.o.o KRS 0000904917 Ul. 27 Grudnia 3 61-737, Poznan, Poland.
1.4.2. Shipping and distribution companies
In order to make sure your ordered products reach you promptly, we share your relevant information with a third-party company responsible for managing the shipping and returns of your chosen items during the checkout process. To ensure a smooth delivery experience, we need to provide your name, delivery address, email address, phone number, and order ID to our distribution partner. This sharing of data is necessary for us to meet our contractual obligations to you, as specified in Article 6(1)(b) of the GDPR.
It's important to note that most of these shipping companies act as independent data controllers. This means that they have their own responsibilities and obligations when it comes to handling the data they receive and are a separate entity that determines the purposes and methods of processing personal data. For you as our customer, this means that these shipping companies have their own privacy policies in place which are distinct from ours and apply to processing of your data when such a company delivers goods from us to you. Additionally, if you wish to exercise your data subject rights, you may need to contact them separately to do so.
1.4.3. Providers of technical infrastructure
We work with technical infrastructure providers who help keep our services running smoothly. These are, for example, cloud service providers, providers of security and maintenance services, providers of tools which monitor infrastructure performance. These providers supply the technology and resources needed for our website and apps to operate effectively and securely.
It's important to emphasize that your personal data is not shared with these providers for their independent use. These technical infrastructure providers operate as our data processors, following our instructions and contractual agreements. Some of these providers may be based outside of the EU/EEA, which entails a transfer of your personal information to third countries. For more information on transfers, see section 1.5.
1.4.4. Payment service providers
We may share your personal information with a payment service provider to facilitate secure and efficient financial transactions when you make a purchase or payment on our website and apps, as well as to prevent fraud. The information that is shared refers to your contact information, information about the transaction itself, such as the means of payment, amount, currency, date, time, as well as, depending on a payment method, what has been ordered. Such sharing of data is necessary for us for the performance of an agreement with you, as specified in Article 6(1)(b) of the GDPR.
1.4.5. Providers of customer service Infrastructure
We collaborate with providers of customer service infrastructure to facilitate seamless communication and support. These include companies such as Twilio, which supports our call and SMS functionalities, and Kindly, which powers our chatbot service. These providers supply the technology and systems necessary to deliver efficient, reliable, and responsive customer service across our platforms.
1.4.6. Providers that assist with marketing communications
We may share your personal information with reputable providers of marketing communication services, such as Twilio and Salesforce, to enable contact with our customers. These partners assist us in delivering emails, messages, and marketing campaigns to keep you informed about our products, services, and relevant updates. Your data shared with these providers typically includes your contact information, email address, and communication preferences. We work closely with these partners to ensure your data is processed only if you have consented to such communications or when we contact you based on our legitimate interest and you have not objected to such communication before receiving it. Some of these advertising partners are based outside of the EU/EEA, which entails a transfer of your personal information to third countries. For more information on transfers, see section 1.5.
1.4.7. Providers that assist with advertising, including social media advertising
We advertise our products and services with the help of our advertising partners such as Meta (in particular, through Facebook and Instagram), Google (Google Ads, Youtube), TikTok, Criteo, Snapchat, Tradedoubler, Adform. There are different ways of how your data may be shared with our advertising partners. For example, cookies and similar technologies are used by our advertising partners to track how you use our website and apps. The collection of your personal data through such cookies is subject to your separate consent to the placement of these cookies and similar technologies. Implementing such technology on our websites and apps enables us to advertise to a relevant public, as well as measure effectiveness and performance of an advertising campaign and the channel itself.
Additionally, we may share encrypted personal identifiers with these advertising partners (for example, your email or phone number) that we have collected based on your consent in order to advertise to you on their advertising channels. Our advertising partner collects such encrypted data and performs matching against their own database. In case the match has been successful, our ads may reach you while you are using the services of our advertising partners, such as Facebook, Instagram, and Youtube. In case there is no match, the advertising partner deletes your data.
The manner of how your data is collected by the advertising partner also determines the role of the advertising partner in the processing of your data. However, most of our advertising partners are acting as an independent data controller. Some of these advertising partners are based outside of the EU/EEA, which entails a transfer of your personal information to third countries. For more information on transfers, see section 1.5.
1.4.8. Public authorities
In cases of pending complaints initiated by you as a customer or in response to lawful requests from authorities, we may share your personal data with public authorities. In such a case, we may rely on Article 6(1)(c) GDPR or Article 6(1)(f) GDPR as a legal ground for data sharing.
1.5. Third country transfers
Since some of our service providers are located outside the EU/EEA, we may transfer your data to a third country. We always ensure that such transfer takes place only if it is permitted and carried out in accordance with applicable laws and without impairing your statutory rights. We also ensure that the service provider in question guarantees by agreement or otherwise that privacy is maintained at the same level of protection as the EU. That includes safeguarding such data transfer with necessary organisational and technical security measures. We often rely on Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC) introduced by the European Commission. In addition to that, we rely on adequacy decisions passed by the EU Commission provided that the conditions for adequacy (if any) are fulfilled.
Personal data is transferred outside the EU/EEA to the following service providers:
Cloud storage system - Google Cloud EMEA Limited (70 Sir John Rogerson's Quay, Dublin 2, Dublin;
CRM system provider - Salesforce EMEA Limited (Floor 26 Salesforce Tower, 110 Bishopsgate, London, UK);
Provider for customer service infrastructure - Twilio, Inc. (101 Spear Street, First Floor, San Francisco, CA 94105 United States);
Cloud security provider - Cloudflare, Inc. (101 Townsend St, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA);
Provides for marketing communications - Salesforce EMEA Limited (Floor 26 Salesforce Tower, 110 Bishopsgate, London, UK), Twilio Inc (101 Spear Street, First Floor, San Francisco, CA 94105 United States);
Advertising partners: Google Ireland Limited (Gordon House, Barrow Street, 4 Dublin, Ireland), Meta Platforms Ireland Limited (Merrion Road, Dublin 4, D04 X2K5, Ireland), Tiktok Technology Limited (61 Barras Lane, Coventry, England, CV1 4AQ, UK).
When you use our chatbot, your data is transferred to the provider of generative AI (see section "When you interact with us via our chat" in section 1.2.3 above). Our provider is OpenAI, LLC (3180 18th St., San Francisco, CA 94110). As a data processor, OpenAI acts solely based on our instructions and does not use your data for model training. The personal data you provide during your interaction with the chatbot is processed exclusively to address your inquiries and is deleted by OpenAI after 30 days. The data is also subject to end-to-end encryption.
1.6. Profiling and automated decision making
We may perform profiling when you are using our services. While performing profiling, we evaluate your interactions with us in order to provide you with more personalised and relevant recommendations and ensure that the products and content you encounter align closely with your interests. For example, if you have opted in to receive marketing, we might use profiling to make sure that such marketing is personalized to your preferences and what we believe you'll find interesting. We also use profiling in order to analyze your shopping behavior and predict your shopping activity.
When we offer our services to you, we may occasionally rely on automated decision-making. Such automated decision-making means that a decision is taken based exclusively on automated processing of your personal data without human involvement. It's important to note that this practice is employed sparingly, and we've implemented a comprehensive system of safeguards to ensure your interests and rights are protected. For instance, when it comes to decisions about entering into a binding contract with a customer, we typically incorporate human involvement as a standard practice. Human oversight is present in most cases to ensure fairness and accuracy.
In light of this, we wish to emphasize that you always have the right to request information regarding whether a specific decision was made exclusively through automated means and to inquire about the possibility of a human review. Your privacy and the fairness of our decision-making processes are of the utmost importance to us, and we are here to address any concerns or questions you may have. If you wish to do so, please reach out to us at dpo_eu@boozt.com.
1.7. What are your rights in relation to your personal data?
1.7.1. Right to access
As a customer, you have the right to gain access to a range of information, including the categories of personal information collected.
If you want to access the information we process about you - we have created an automatic way for you to perform a personal data access request – you can find it in your account under My Profile – Collect personal data.
We can reject requests that are unreasonably repeated, demand disproportional high technical intervention (e.g. development of a new system or changing an existing process substantially), or which affects another individual’s rights and freedoms.
Since you only have the right to access your own personal data, we cannot share information that includes details about someone else (respecting his or her rights) to you. Therefore, you may not receive all personal data you have requested, but we will in such a case provide you with a description of which information we can't hand out and the reason for it.
1.7.2. Right to rectification
If your personal data is inaccurate or incorrect you can change it in your account or contact us, and we will make sure your information will be updated and correct. Upon request, we will update, change or delete your personal data that we process, subject to personal data that still needs to be processed on the basis of a legal obligation or our continued legitimate interest.
1.7.3. Right to erasure
You have the right to request that your personal data is removed if it has been processed unlawfully, must be deleted due to a legal obligation, is no longer necessary in relation to the purpose for which it was processed, you object to the processing and there are no legitimate grounds for the processing that take precedence over your interests or the processing of your personal data is based on your consent and you withdraw your consent.
If you want to delete your personal data, you can do so by requesting deletion through your account by going to "My profile" and clicking "Delete account", or by contacting us via dpo_eu@boozt.com. It may be the case that we cannot comply with your request as there may be reasons that give us the right to continue processing. In such a case, we will inform you about these reasons in writing.
Please note that if a deletion request is made on either Boozt or Booztlet, and there are accounts associated with the same email address on both platforms, both accounts will be subject to deletion. Please note that if you have several accounts, the request needs to be made for each individual account, for example if you have used different email addresses to shop with us.
1.7.4. Right to restriction of processing
You have the right to obtain restriction of our processing of your personal data where one of the following applies:
You have disputed the accuracy of the personal data and you are awaiting our decision on whether the personal information is correct;
The processing is unlawful, and you oppose the erasure and request restriction instead;
The personal data is no longer necessary for processing, but it is required by you for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, or
You have objected to a processing (see below) and pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds override your rights and freedoms.
1.7.5. Right to data portability
You have the right to data portability, which means you have the right to receive the personal data concerning you in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and transmit it to another company without hindrance from us, if (i) the processing is based on your consent or a contract, and (ii) the processing is carried out by automated means, and (iii) it does not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
If technically possible, you also have the right to have the personal data transferred directly from us to another data controller.
Your right to data portability applies as long as it does not affect the rights and freedoms of others.
1.7.6. Right to object
You have the right to object to any processing which is based on legitimate interest at any time. We will then assess whether our legitimate interest override your interests, rights and freedoms, or whether your personal information is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
If your personal data is processed for the purpose of direct marketing, you have the right to withdraw your consent to this at any time and we will no longer process your personal data.
1.8. Organisational and technical security measures
GDPR requires your personal information to be kept secure and confidential. We store your personal data on servers with high levels of security, which are located in controlled facilities, and our security is checked regularly to determine whether our user information is handled securely and always taking your rights as a user into account.
1.9. Updates to this policy
The rapid development in the digital and technical field means that changes to our processing of personal data may be necessary. We thus reserve the right to update and amend this privacy policy. You can always find the current policy at our platforms. In case of substantial changes, we will notify you in the form of a visible notice on our platforms.
1.10. Questions and complaints
We are happy to help you if you have any questions about how we process your personal data. If you believe that we have not processed your information in accordance with our obligations, you have the right to complain about this to the national Supervisory Authority in your country which you will find here:
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en
1.11. Contact us
You can contact us via: dpo_eu@boozt.com
Or by post:
c/o Boozt Fashion AB
Attn: DPO/Legal Department
Box 4535
SE-203 20 Malmö, Sweden
2. COOKIE POLICY
Thank you for visiting platforms operated by Boozt Fashion AB (556710-4699), Hyllie Boulevard 35 Malmö, 215 37, Sweden (hereafter us,
we
or
our
).
Like most other platforms, we use cookies for several purposes. This cookie policy describes which cookies we use, for what purposes we use them and how you can withdraw your consent. If you have questions about our use of cookies, you are welcome to contact us at: dpo_eu@boozt.com
Or by post:
c/o Boozt Fashion AB
Attn: DPO/Legal Department
Box 4535
203 20 Malmö, Sweden
2.1. What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small text file that via your browser is stored on your computer or device when you visit websites or use apps. Cookies make it possible to collect certain information, including information about which pages and functions you visit and use.
Some cookies are technically necessary for functions you use on the platforms (for example so that we can store the contents of your shopping cart), but other cookies are used for other purposes (for example for compiling statistics). In the next section, you can read more about which cookies can be used.
The first time you visit the one of our platforms, you will be presented with a 'cookie banner', where you can give your consent to our use of cookies here on our platforms. As shown below, you can always change your consent. However, the cookies that are technically necessary cannot be deselected, and are therefore stored without consent.
There are basically two main types of cookies - 'temporary' and 'permanent':
· Temporary cookies are linked to your current visit on the website or in the app and are deleted automatically when you close your browser.
· Permanent cookies are stored and will be renewed every time you visit the website or use the app. However, they delete themselves after a certain period of time. By using these cookies, it is possible to "recognize" you when you return to the website or the app, which we use, for example, to adapt our platforms to your interests. In cases where permanent cookies are used, their duration is stated in the table below.
In the table below it is stated for each cookie whether it is a temporary cookie (session cookie) or a more permanent cookie, which expires after a specified period of time.
A distinction is also made between 'first-party cookies' and 'third-party cookies'. First-party cookies are those that we apply ourselves, while third-party cookies are applied by a third party who has elements embedded on the platform that is used. In the table below you can see which cookies are applied by us and which cookies are applied by a third party.
2.2. Which cookies do we use?
We use cookies for the following overall purposes:
Support for platform functionality, including, among other things, enabling automatic log-in, use of our chat function and placement of items in the shopping cart.
Compilation of statistics for use in business development, including improving our platforms, optimizing your user experience and adapting the content of the platforms to your interests.
Targeted marketing.
Below you will find detailed information about each cookie, including the provider of the cookie, the purpose and duration:
2.3. Withdrawal of your consent
You can withdraw or change your consent to cookies at any time by clicking on the link 'Update cookie settings' at the bottom of the website, where you can again select or deselect cookies. The cookies that are technically necessary for the website's function ‘necessary cookies' cannot be deselected. Withdrawal of consent does not affect the legality of the processing carried out up to the time you revoked your consent.
If you want to delete or block cookies, this can be done via your browser settings. Below you will find links to instructions for some of the most popular browsers:
Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Microsoft Edge
Apple Safari
Opera
If you choose to withdraw your consent or delete / block cookies, you must be aware that this (depending on the type of cookie) may impair the user experience on the website.
2.4. Processing of your personal data
When you agree to our use of cookies, it will in certain cases, as stated in the cookie-banner, involve the processing of your personal data, including for example your IP address and information about how you use our platforms. You can read more about our processing of personal data and your rights in our privacy policy above.
2.5. Changes to this cookie policy
We may change this cookie policy at any time, in which case you will be presented with a new 'cookie banner' the next time you visit our websites.
E-Mail us
We usually reply within 3 business days.
First name
Last name
E-mail address
Topic
Delivery
Return
Payment
Claiming an item
Exchanging an item
Vouchers/Campaigns
Feedback
Data Protection/GDPR
Other
Order number
How can we help you?
Send
We will confirm that we have received your message.
Call Us
+46 10 138 83 36
(Local phone rates apply)
Monday to Friday, 8:00 - 19:00
Visited
Favorites
Wishlists
No favourite items yet
You have no favourite items. Click the heart next to a product if you would like to save it as a favourite.
Continue shopping
View all
Download the Boozt app for free!
Download
Go to cart
Continue shopping
Cookie settings
Boozt Fashion AB would like to use its own cookies and cookies from third parties with the purpose of improving our website and our products by using statistics, and tailoring our marketing and website content to your interests. For these purposes, we process information about your device and browser, your behavior on our website, your searches and purchases, as well as your IP address and location.
You can customize your consent below. Your consent can be changed or withdrawn at any time by clicking on the menu item "Update cookie settings" at the bottom of the page, just as you can delete / block cookies in your browser. However, we use some cookies that are necessary for the website’s functionalities, and which therefore cannot be deselected via the menu item.
You can read more about cookies in our
cookie policy
and about our processing of personal data, including your rights, in our
privacy policy
.
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
View Vendor Details‎
Analytics
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
View Vendor Details‎
Functional
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
View Vendor Details‎
Marketing
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
View Vendor Details‎
Back Button
Performance Cookies
Vendor Search
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
View Cookies
Name
cookie name
Help us improve your experience
Boozt Fashion AB would like to use its own cookies and cookies from third parties with the purpose of improving our website and our products by using statistics, and tailoring our marketing and website content to your interests. For these purposes, we process information about your device and browser, your behavior on our website, your searches and purchases, as well as your IP address and location.
You can customize your consent below. Your consent can be changed or withdrawn at any time by clicking on the menu item "Update cookie settings" at the bottom of the page, just as you can delete / block cookies in your browser. However, we use some cookies that are necessary for the website’s functionalities, and which therefore cannot be deselected via the menu item.
You can read more about cookies in our
cookie policy
and about our processing of personal data, including your rights, in our
privacy policy
.
Always Active
Analytics
Functional
Marketing
Cookies Settings
Save Choices
Only necessary cookies
Accept all cookies