Privacy Policy
Version from the 23
th
of January 2024
This Personal Data Processing Policy (hereinafter referred to as the Policy) has been drawn up in accordance with the requirements of the legislation - the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) (hereinafter – "Personal Data Laws"; "legislation")
    and defines the personal data processing and personal data security measures undertaken by Inline Solutions s.r.o., a legal entity located at:
    Proutěna 405/11, Újezd u Průhonic, 149 00 Prague 4, (hereinafter "the Operator"; "the Company").
Personal data means any information relating directly or indirectly to a specific or identifiable user of any programs and/or websites of the Operator (hereinafter "the Services"), as well as information that identifies, relates to, describes,
    is associated with, or can be reasonably associated with, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or a household.
By using the Services, the User expresses his consent to the terms of the Policy. If the User disagrees with the terms of the Policy, the use of the Services must be immediately terminated.
1. Personal data processing purposes
1.1. To fulfill the Operator's obligations to users regarding the use of the Services;
1.2. To collect information about the actions of users during the usage of the Services and to improve the Service content quality;
1.3. To interact, if necessary. This refers to the collection of information that is provided voluntarily through a feedback form available on the
    Services in order to process and respond (if necessary) to requests, feedback, commentary, and suggestions regarding the Services or other matters.
2. Processed user data
2.1. Personal information provided by users voluntarily when using the Services, which may include: name, e-mail address, phone number, country of residence,
    address, age, spending and income data, account balance, etc.
Personal data provided voluntarily by users is processed by the Operator to the extent necessary to fulfill its obligations.
2.2. Anonymized user data is processed automatically.
User data is processed automatically using third-party automatic data processing technologies to analyze certain information sent by the user's device through the Services (via analytics or advertising tools).
    Some of them may run automatic processing of personal data, including profiling, which involves any format of automatic processing used to evaluate certain personal aspects related to users, in order to analyze
    or predict aspects related to the user's personal preferences, interests, behavior, location or movements.
    The processing of information through automatic data processing technologies begins automatically from the moment the Services are accessed by the User.
2.3. Device Information.
Data files or similar data structures stored on or associated with the device that identify the device (but not the individual). The Device ID allows third parties to generate aggregated reports or create personalized content and advertising.
Such data may include:
2.3.1 Information about the device itself: device type, operating system and its version, model and manufacturer,
        screen size, screen pixel density, screen orientation, sound level, battery charge, and device memory usage;
2.3.2 Internet connection information: mobile network carrier, network service provider, network type,
        IP address, timestamp and duration of sessions, speed, browser type and its version, browser language settings;
2.3.3. Location-related information: IP address, country/region/state/city code associated with the SIM card or device, language settings, time zone;
2.3.4. Device IDs: Advertising IDs, Advertising ID for iOS devices/Advertising IDs or Android ID for Android devices.
2.4. Cookies and similar technologies.
2.4.1. "Cookie" is a text file containing information downloaded to your device during the use of the Services.
        The downloaded text file is sent back to the server each time the Services are used. Cookies are necessary to analyze the use of
        the Services and are used to improve marketing offers and provide the User with content and features of interest.
        Third-party analytics tools implement cookies or similar technologies to analyze Service traffic.
3. Data not processed by the Operator
3.1. The Operator does not process special categories of personal data relating to race, ethnicity, political views, religious or philosophical beliefs, or intimate life.
3.2. Biometric personal data.
The Services which request the access to hardware devices (camera, microphone) do not transmit the data created with their help to the Operator.
    However, the access to such devices is necessary to ensure the functionality of the Service. If the access to hardware devices is restricted, the full functionality of the Service cannot be used.
4. Transfer and exchange of data
4.1. The Operator transfers personal information to third parties in order to achieve the goals specified in the Policy. Such third parties may include:
4.1.1. Partners, such as owners of sites and applications, advertising networks, and other
        partners providing services related to the placement and display of advertisments on sites or services that are owned or controlled by the partners;
4.1.2. Any national and/or international regulatory authority, law enforcement bodies, central or local executive authorities, other official or state bodies or courts,
        with respect to which the Company is obliged to provide information in accordance with the applicable laws upon request;
4.1.3. Third parties, if the User has consented to the transfer of Personal Information, or the transfer of Personal Information
        is required to provide services or perform a specific agreement or fulfill a contract entered into with the User;
4.1.4. Any third party which provides legal protection to the Company or any third parties in case of violation of the User Agreement for the Company's services,
        this Policy or the terms governing the use of individual Services, or in a situation where there is a threat of such a violation.
4.2. The Operator may share the information obtained through tools such as cookies, registration files, and device identifiers with third parties who provide automated processing technologies to the Services.
    The Operator does not control or influence the data processing operations of such third parties or how such data may be used.
The Operator may interact with the following third-party providers to obtain data for the implementation and improvement of the Services:
Name
Type of service
Privacy Policy link
Amplitude, Inc.
Analysis of user behavior during the use of the Services
https://amplitude.com/privacy
Google LLC analytics services:
Firebase Crashlytics
Google Analytics for Firebase
Firebase Authentication
Cloud Firestore
Analysis of the use of Services
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://firebase.google.com/policies/analytics
OneSignal, a U.S.
Push notification delivery and automation service
https://onesignal.com/privacy_policy
4.3. Sale of personal data
The Operator has not sold personal user data within the last 12 (twelve) months and does not sell personal data.
    The term "sale" as defined in the CCPA is used to define this item.
5. Data storage
5.1. The Operator stores personal data in accordance with the requirements of the legislation on personal data on servers that provide reliable data protection.
User's personal data is stored exclusively on electronic media and processed using automated systems, except when non-automated processing of personal data is necessary in connection with the fulfillment of legal requirements.
5.2. The Company keeps personal information of the User until the achievement of the purposes for which it was collected, and deletes it upon the termination of the use of the Services; or until the expiration of the mandatory storage period of personal information provided by applicable law.
6. User rights
6.1. The User has the right to receive information about personal data processed by the Operator.
If the information about the User is incorrect or incomplete, the User can correct and/or supplement the information on their own,
    if the Service allows it, or contact the Company and demand to correct and/or supplement the incorrect information.
6.2. In addition, the User has the right to:
a) request the complete removal of Personal Information;
b) demand restrictions on the processing of Personal Information;
c) object to the processing of Personal Information;
6.3. To exercise any of the above rights, the User may contact the Operator by e-mail
support@inlinesolutions.app
.
    The Operator shall ensure the exercise of the above rights only in relation to the information to which the Operator has access to and which is stored by the Operator.
    To process a request, the Operator must first identify the User.
6.4. When processing information for marketing purposes, the User may submit a request to stop processing data for such purposes.
    To exercise this right, the User must contact the third-party service providers listed in Section 7 of the Privacy Policy.
7. Cancelling personal data processing
7.1. The User may prevent and/or control the collection and processing of data related to the use of the Services by following the instructions below.
Google Analytics. To opt-out of data tracking performed by Google Analytics, the User can install and activate the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on. The User can also manage and/or delete cookies previously set by Google Analytics through the browser settings.
    Further information on the data processing practices and related Google Analytics guidelines can be found at
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245
(section "Information for Visitors of Sites and Apps Using Google Analytics").
8. Feedback
8.1. Users have the right to send requests, including requests regarding the use of their personal data, provided for in Section 6 of the Policy,
    in writing to the address: Proutěna 405/11, Újezd u Průhonic, 149 00 Prague 4, or in the form of an electronic document signed by a qualified electronic signature in accordance with applicable law to the following e-mail address:
support@inlinesolutions.app
.
8.2. To exercise the right set forth above, the Operator may request (1) sufficient information to verify that the User is the person on whom the Operator has collected Personal Data, and (2) sufficient detail to describe the request so that the Operator can understand, evaluate and respond to it. The Operator may not respond to requests that do not meet these criteria.
    The Operator will only use the Personal Information provided in the request to verify and fulfill the request. The Operator will respond to the request within 30 days.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://amplitude.com/privacy:
Privacy Notice
Table of Contents
1. Introduction
2. What This Privacy Notice Covers
3. Personal Data We Collect And How We Use The Personal Data
4. When Amplitude Discloses Personal Data
5. Customer End User Data
6. International Transfer
7. Our Commitment To Data Security
8. Your Choices About How We Use And Disclose Information We Collect From You
9. Other Information About Our Privacy Practices
10. Updates And Changes To The Privacy Notice
11. Disputes
12. California Privacy Rights
13. Contact Us
14. Cookies
15. Previous Privacy Version
Last Updated: September 26, 2023
1. Introduction
Amplitude, Inc. ("
Amplitude
," "
we
," or "
us
") is a cloud-based product-analytics platform that helps customers build better products. Amplitude respects the privacy of individuals and is committed to protecting the information of visitors to the website ("
Visitors
") and individuals or entities that register to use the Amplitude products and services ("
Customers
"). This Privacy Notice describes Amplitude’s practices for collecting, storing, using, disclosing, and otherwise processing information in relation to Visitors of the website, amplitude.com, including our Community Forum and Amplitude Academy ("
Website
"), Amplitude’s marketing activities, and Customers accessing and using our products and services (collectively, "
Product
").
Please read the following carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information collected through the Website, through your use of the Product, and through our marketing activities. If you do not agree with the below policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website or register to use our Product, or to unsubscribe from our marketing.
2. What This Privacy Notice Covers
This Privacy Notice covers how we treat Personal Data that we gather about you in the course of our business, including when you access or use our Website or Product and through our or our partner’s events and marketing activities. Specifically, Amplitude is the controller of your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Notice, when it collects personal information from: (i) Visitors to Amplitude’s publicly available Website; (ii) Customers and their employees or other authorized users of their Amplitude instance when registering to use and using the Product; and (iii) when we receive personal information from or about you through our sales and marketing activities or events.
Throughout this Privacy Notice, "Personal Data" means any information that identifies or relates to a particular individual and also includes information referred to as "personally identifiable information" or "personal information" under applicable data privacy laws, rules or regulations.
For clarity, this Privacy Notice does not apply to Customer End User Data (as defined below) submitted by our customers to the Product. In those circumstances, Amplitude is processing Customer End User Data on behalf of that customer and that customer is responsible for the collection and use of your data. In addition, this Privacy Notice does not apply to the mobile applications, websites or services offered by our Customers or other third-parties. You should refer to that customer’s or third party’s privacy notice and direct any inquiries to them.
3. Personal Data We Collect And How We Use The Personal Data
3.1
PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT
The Personal Data you provide to us directly
You provide your Personal Data to us when you voluntarily fill in forms on our Website such as when you request a demo or to contact sales. This Personal Data may include: first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, country and/or state, phone number and the content of your request.
You may also share Personal Data with us through our Website when you register for an event or online webinar or training; sign up to receive our newsletter; subscribe to our blog; register to contribute and participate in our Community Forum or use Amplitude Academy; download a white paper or playbook; or complete a survey. This Personal Data may include: first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, country and/or state, phone number and the content of your request.
In order to access and use the Product, you are required to register for an account with us. When you register for an account, you may provide Personal Data to us, including first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, country and/or state, phone number, and username and password.
You may also provide Amplitude with your personal information at a marketing event or through marketing activities. This Personal Data may include: first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, work address, phone number and the content of your request.
If you attend an in-person or virtual event or agree to be recorded in a telephone or video meeting, we may record some or all of that event or meeting. For events, we may also document the event by taking photos or interviewing you at the event. We use this information for business and marketing purposes and training purposes.
You may choose to participate in an Amplitude program that allows you to pay fees with a credit or debit card, in which case you may provide your credit card or other payment details information directly to our third party payment processor. As explained below, Amplitude does not store this information.
The Personal Data we collect from third party sources
Amplitude may obtain Personal Data about you from third parties, including, but not limited to, marketing event organizers, partners, resellers, and public databases and websites.
Service providers
. For example, we may use third party providers of business contact information. The Personal Data provided to Amplitude by these Service providers about you may include your first and last name, company name, job title, business mailing addresses, business email addresses and business phone numbers, and LinkedIn URLs for purposes of delivering relevant Product updates and information, email content, advertisements and events.
Advertising partners.
We receive information about you from some of our service providers who assist us with marketing or promotional services, related to how you interact with our Website, event promotions, advertisements or communications. Amplitude requires that any third party providing us with Personal Data contact information has obtained the information lawfully and has the appropriate consent to share the information with Amplitude.
Google’s API Services.
Amplitude integrates Google’s Application Programming Interface (API) Services to allow users the option of logging into our platform with their Google credentials. If you choose to login to the Amplitude platform with Google’s API services, Google may share with us your email, name, and your unique Google ID so we can identify and authenticate you as a user. We do not share your data with any other parties, other than as may be necessary to provide our services to you. Amplitude’s use of information received from Google’s APIs will adhere to the
Google API Services User Data Policy
.
Targeted Online Advertisements:
We use third party service providers to help us understand our marketing efforts and to reach potential customers across the web. These third parties may use targeting and advertising cookies to track your online activity and across different channels, including our websites, email, and other websites and applications, to understand your interests, to display an advertisement for Amplitude, or email you with a marketing communication for Amplitude.
This Privacy Notice does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, cookies in third party ads. You should check the privacy policies of advertisers and/or ad services to learn more about their use of cookies and your information.
Information We Collect Automatically:
As you navigate through and interact with our Website or Product, we may use cookies, which are small files placed on your computer or mobile device, and web beacons, which are small electronic files located on pages of the Website or in email communications, to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and events, and patterns. You can learn more about cookies and how we use them
here
.
We also use cookies to access information when you sign in, store your preferences, interact with certain functionality in the Product, to keep you logged in, and to store a limited amount of behavioral data.
The data automatically collected from cookies and web beacons may include information from your Web browser (such as browser type and browser language) and details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, logs about your login history, identity confirmation, page views, length of visit and website navigation paths as well as information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address and connecting software. We collect this data in order to help us provide, support and improve our Website, the Product and the user experience with our Website and Product, and for network and information security purposes. You can learn more about cookies and how we use them
here
.
Additionally, Amplitude may use cookies and similar technologies to collect information about our Customers' interactions with the Product in a manner that allows us to reproduce and fix issues and to identify areas of improvement for our Product. Customers can opt out of the use of this software during their use of the Product by contacting us at privacy@amplitude.com.
The information we collect automatically may also include statistical and performance information arising from our Customers’ use of our Product and Visitors to our Website. This type of data will only be used by us in an aggregated and anonymized manner.
3.2
THE WAY AMPLITUDE USES YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We use Personal Data that we collect about you or that you provide to us as is necessary to run our business and to carry out day-to-day business activities. How we use the Personal Data we collect depends in part on how you choose to communicate with us, how you use our Website and/or Product and interact with us, and any preferences you have communicated to us. In general, we use the Personal Data in order to respond to a request from you, to carry out our legal obligations, to fulfill a contract with you, to provide the Product or other services to you, to make improvements to the Product, to protect your vital interests, to provide you with notices and for other purposes with your consent as described below.
We use the Personal Data you provide to us when you fill in forms on our Website to respond to your request, provide requested information, and to contact you about that request. Our legal basis for processing this personal information is our legitimate interest in communicating with you and fulfilling your requests.
We may use your Personal Data to provide the Product to you, including to make improvements to the Product and understand your preferences to personalize your experience, as well as for non-marketing or administrative purposes (such as notifying you of major changes to the Website, the Product or for customer service purposes). Our legal basis for processing this Personal Data is in the performance of our contract to provide the Product or other services to you.
We also use the Personal Data you provide to us for the purpose of operating our Website and Product; to detect bugs, report errors and to maintain the quality and safety of our Website and Product; and for ensuring the security and integrity of our Website and Product. Our legal basis for processing this personal information is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of and security of our Website and Product.
For Personal Data that we collect through tracking technologies about your interaction with our Website and Product, we use this information for analyzing the use of the Website and Product in order to improve the quality and design, user experience, and performance of our Website and Product. Our legal basis for processing this type of data is our legitimate interests, namely, to provide you with a better user experience.
For Personal Data we collect through targeted or online advertising cookies, we use this information to display and measure engagement with advertisements across different devices and sites and to serve you with marketing materials.
We may use the Personal Data you provide to us at marketing events, when you register for an online webinar or download a whitepaper for the purpose of offering, marketing and selling products and services to you or to communicate with you about an event. Our legal basis for processing this Personal Data is consent, which you can withdraw at any time.
We may also use any of your Personal Data identified in this Privacy Notice for the purposes of: (i) enforcing our agreements and policies, including Terms of Service or Main Service Agreement, (ii) protecting or defending Amplitude’s legal rights; (iv) protecting your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person; or (v) complying with a legal obligation.
We may use your Personal Data for any other business purpose stated when collecting your Personal Data or as otherwise set forth in applicable data privacy laws.
We will not collect additional categories of Personal Data or use the Personal Data we collect for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
As noted in the list above, we may communicate with you if you’ve provided us the means to do so. For example, if you’ve given us your email address, we may send you promotional email offers or email you about your use of the Product or Website. Also, we may receive a confirmation when you open an email from us, which helps us improve our Website and Product. If you do not want to receive communications from us, you can unsubscribe from marketing communications or email us with your preferences at privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com.
3.3 LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING PERSONAL DATA FOR EEA, UK, AND SWISS VISITORS AND CUSTOMERS
If you are an individual in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”), United Kingdom, Switzerland, or another relevant jurisdiction, we collect and process Personal Data about you only where we have a legal basis or bases for doing so under applicable laws. The legal bases depend on how you use the Website and/or Product, the Product your organization has purchased or uses, how you choose to interact and communicate with Amplitude’s Website and Product, and whether you attend Amplitude events. However, we will collect Personal Data only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the Personal Data to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect Personal Data from you and we will endeavor to make that clear at collection.
4. When Amplitude Discloses Personal Data
We may disclose Personal Data that we collect or you provide to us as described below.
We may disclose Personal Data that we collect or you provide to us to our subsidiaries and affiliates.
We may share your Personal Data collected from you as described in this Privacy Notice with third-party service providers who need to access the Personal Data in order to perform services on behalf of Amplitude, such as processing or storing such information, securing our Website or Product, or providing analytics services on our behalf. The third-party service providers are limited to using the Personal Data solely to provide the services to us and are bound by contractual obligations to keep Personal Data confidential and secure and to use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
If you are part of an Amplitude program that allows you to pay fees with a credit card or debit card and you choose to pay such fees with a credit card or debit card, your credit card or debit card information is provided directly to our third-party payment processor, Stripe, to process the payments. The payment information is transmitted directly via an encrypted connection to Stripe. Stripe uses, processes and stores your Personal Data and payment information in accordance with Stripe’s privacy policy available at stripe.com/us/privacy. Amplitude does not collect or store your payment information. Stripe maintains that it is PCI compliant and you can learn more about Stripe’s security measures available at stripe.com/help/security.
We may share your Personal Data if we believe disclosure is necessary to comply with applicable laws, regulations, respond to a court order, subpoena or a government request (such as a search warrant). If a government request or other legal process requires Amplitude to disclose your personal data, then Amplitude will use reasonable efforts to provide you with prior notification of the disclosure unless Amplitude is prohibited by law from doing so.
Amplitude also reserves the right to disclose your Personal Data that Amplitude believes, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to: (i) enforce our agreements and policies, including for billing and collection purposes, (ii) protect the security or integrity of the Website or Product; or (iii) protect or defend Amplitude’s legal rights.
In the event that Amplitude is acquired by or merged with a third party entity, we reserve the right, in any of these circumstances, to transfer or assign your Personal Data as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control. In the unlikely event of our bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, or assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors rights generally, we may not be able to control how your personal information is treated, transferred, or used.
Amplitude may disclose anonymized and/or aggregated information about Visitors to the Website or our Customers’ use of the Product that does not identify any individual.
Amplitude makes available our Community Forum and other resources or materials where you may post user generated content. The information you choose to post is publicly available and may be read and collected by others that visit these sections of the Website. Except for the details in your profile (e.g., username), the categories of data disclosed in these circumstances will depend on what information you choose to provide.
Amplitude may disclose Personal Data to third-party business partners at your direction, if you access or request contact from the third-party business partners through the Product or Website or at a marketing event.
Amplitude may disclose Personal Data that we collect or you provide to us for any purpose disclosed by us when we collect the information or with your consent, such as advertising or marketing providers.
5. Customer End User Data
This Privacy Notice does not apply to Customer End Users, Customer End User Data or Customer Applications.
With respect to the Personal Data collected by our Customers and submitted to the Amplitude platform, Amplitude is a processor and only processes such Personal Data in accordance with the instructions of our Customers. Our Customers may integrate into their mobile applications, websites or other services (collectively, "
Customer Applications
") certain aspects of our Product in order to understand how their own users ("
Customer End Users
") engage with the Customer Applications ("
Customer End User Data
").
Our Customers, not Amplitude, choose the type of Customer End User Data collected by Customer Applications, and submitted and processed through our Customers’ use of the Products. We process the Customer End User Data only according to the instructions of Customers and our legal obligations with respect to the Customer End User Data is set forth in the agreement between us and our Customers. The collection of Customer End User Data through Customer Applications is governed by our Customers’ privacy policies, and if you are a Customer End User then you should review the Customer’s privacy policy to learn more about the Customer’s data handling practices.
While Amplitude recognizes that an individual has the right to access, delete and amend the data collected about that individual, Amplitude only has a relationship with our Customers and does not interact with the Customer End Users. As such, if you are a Customer End User and you would like to access, amend or delete your data, you need to contact the Customer directly with your request which Customer may process. Amplitude will respond within a reasonable period of time to any such request or assistance requested by our Customer.
Amplitude only retains the Customer End User Data we process on behalf of our Customers for as long as necessary to provide the Product to our Customers or as required to comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce any agreement.
6. International Transfer
By interacting with the Website or using the Product or otherwise providing information to Amplitude, you understand that your Personal Data may be transferred to the United States or another country other than your country of residence and you consent to such transfer. In order to ensure that your Personal Data receives an adequate level of protection and security, Amplitude has implemented appropriate safeguards for cross-border transfers of Personal Data, as required by applicable data protection laws. These safeguards may include using the European Commission-approved standard contractual clauses to protect the transfer of your Personal Data to Amplitude’s corporate affiliates or service providers, if required by applicable law.
Amplitude complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Amplitude has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Amplitude has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles (together, the “DPF Principles”), the DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (“DPF”) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
For the actions of third party agents Amplitude engages to process data on our behalf, Amplitude remains responsible and liable under the DPF Principles if a third party agent processes the Personal Data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless Amplitude proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
7. Our Commitment To Data Security
Amplitude uses commercially reasonable physical, managerial, and technical safeguards designed to secure your Personal Data from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. These measures include, for example, physical access controls, encryption, firewalls, and detection and monitoring. Our personnel who may have access to your Personal Data are required to keep that information confidential and trained on their security and privacy obligations.
You, however, are also responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and other information used by you to access the Website or use the Product. While Amplitude does its best to protect your Personal Data, any transmission of your Personal Data is done at your own risk and Amplitude cannot guarantee that such Personal Data may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. Except as expressly required by law, we are not responsible for the theft, destruction, loss or inadvertent disclosure of your Personal Data or information. If Amplitude learns of a security systems breach, then we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. Amplitude may post a notice on the Website or in Product if a security breach occurs. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing.
8. Your Choices About How We Use And Disclose Information We Collect From You
We strive to provide you with choices regarding your Personal Data and we understand that you have the right to access, correct, delete, object to and restrict our use of your Personal Data. We also understand that you have the right to obtain a copy of your Personal Data from us and to withdraw your consent to the processing of your Personal Data by us. Please note that the rights set forth in this Section 8, unless otherwise noted, apply globally to all Visitors and Customers, whether or not you are a California resident or a resident of the EEA, United Kingdom, or Switzerland. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your Personal Data:
You may choose not to provide Personal Data through our Website or when you register for the Product, in which case Amplitude may not be able to provide certain services to you or respond to your requests.
You can access, review, correct and/or change your Personal Data by logging into your account on the Website or Product and visiting your account profile page. You may also send us an email at privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com to request access to, correct or delete any Personal Data that you have provided to us. In some cases, we may not be able to delete your Personal Data except by also deleting your user account.
If you do not wish to have your email address or other contact information used by us to promote our own products or services, you can opt-out by checking the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your Personal Data, by updating your user or subscription preferences in your account profile(s), or by sending us an email stating your request to privacy@amplitude.com. If we have sent you a promotional email, you may unsubscribe to receive future emails via the unsubscribe link in that email or adjust your user preferences in your account profile as noted above. The opt out specified above does not apply to information provided to us as a result of a purchase, product service experience or other transactions. You cannot unsubscribe from non-promotional and transactional communications.
You may also request a copy of your Personal Data that you have provided to us directly by sending an email to privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com. We will provide you a copy of your Personal Data in a commonly used electronic form.
If we collected and processed your Personal Data with your consent, where required by law, you can withdraw your consent at any time by emailing privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com.
Depending on your country or state of residence, including if you are a California resident, you have the right to opt out of the sale of Personal Data, certain sharing of Personal Data with third party ad partners, and the right to limit the use or disclosure of sensitive personal information. We do not sell your Personal Data or use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than those permitted by the CCPA. We may share Personal Data with third party ad partners, such as through cookies or by providing lists of email addresses for potential customers so we can reach them across the web with relevant ads. If you wish to opt out of sharing, you may adjust your preferences in the Cookie Settings.
If you wish to opt out of this sharing of your Personal Data with cookies on this domain, please update your Cookie Settings.
Please note to exercise the rights set forth above we may ask you to: (1) provide sufficient information to allow us to verify that you are the person about whom we have collected Personal Data, and (2) describe the request in sufficient detail to allow us to understand, evaluate, and respond to it. Each request that meets both of these criteria will be considered a "Valid Request." We may not respond to requests that do not meet these criteria. We will only use Personal Data provided in a Valid Request to verify you and complete your request. You do not need an account to submit a Valid Request.
We will work to respond to your Valid Request within 30 days of receipt. We will not charge you a fee for making a Valid Request unless your Valid Request(s) is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that your Valid Request warrants a fee, we will notify you of the fee and explain that decision before completing your request.
You may submit a Valid Request, or appeal our response to a valid request, by emailing us at privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com with the appropriate information and detail.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the GDPR, CCPA or other applicable data privacy laws or regulations. We will not deny you our goods or services, charge you different prices or rates, or provide you a lower quality of goods and services if you exercise your rights under the GDPR, CCPA or other applicable data privacy laws or regulations.
9. Other Information About Our Privacy Practices
9.1
Our Retention Practices
Personal Data that Amplitude collects and processes as a controller for the purposes identified in this Privacy Notice are not kept by Amplitude for longer than is necessary for the specific purpose identified in this Privacy Notice, unless required to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your Personal Data to comply with applicable laws or regulations), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies. When we no longer have a legitimate business need to retain your Personal Data, we will either delete or anonymize it.
9.2
Children’s Privacy
Amplitude’s Website and Product are not directed at children. We do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Data directly from individuals that are under the age of 13. If you are under 13, please do not provide or send us any Personal Data or attempt to register for or otherwise use the Product. If we learn that a child under 13 has directly provided us with their Personal Data through the Website or Product, or that we have collected information for a child under 13 through our marketing activities, then we will delete that information. If you believe a child under 13 has registered for an account on the Website or Product, or is receiving marketing materials from Amplitude, please contact us at privacy@amplitude.com.
9.3
Automated Decision-Making
Amplitude does not use any Personal Data provided by you for the purpose of automated decision-making or profiling.
9.4
Other Websites; Links
Our Website, Product or marketing materials may contain links to other third party websites or applications (such as Facebook, LinkedIn or Twitter). This Privacy Notice does not apply to any third party websites, including through any application that may link to or be accessible from or on the Website or Product, and Amplitude is not responsible for the privacy policies and the content of the third party websites or applications.
10. Updates And Changes To The Privacy Notice
Please note that we reserve the right, at any time, to add to, change, update, or modify this Privacy Notice, to reflect changes in our practices, technologies, additional factors, and to be consistent with applicable data protection and privacy laws or other legal requirements. The modified Privacy Notice will be posted on this website along with the effective date. If, in our reasonable discretion, the changes are material, we will provide you with additional notice (such as adding a notice on our Website, in the Product, or sending you an email notification). Changes to this Privacy Notice are effective when they are posted on this page.
11. Disputes
As part of our commitment to the DPF Principles, if you are a resident of the European Union, UK, or Switzerland and you have a privacy or data use concern, please contact Amplitude directly at privacy@amplitude.com and Amplitude will use its best efforts to address your concern within 45 days of receipt of your complaint. For an unresolved privacy or data use concern that Amplitude has not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S. based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
.
For any DPF disputes that cannot be resolved by the methods above, you may be able to invoke a binding arbitration process under certain conditions. To find out more about the DPF's binding arbitration scheme, please see Annex I of the DPF Principles, here:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/Participation-Requirements-Data-Privacy-Framework-DPF-Principles-dpf
.
The Federal Trade Commission has investigation and enforcement authority over Amplitude’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF
12. California Privacy Rights
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 and its amendments (“CCPA”), California residents have certain rights to disclosures about how we collect, use, retain and disclose your Personal Data. This section addresses those requirements. For a description of all of our data collection, use and disclosure practices, please read this Privacy Notice in its entirety.
Personal Data Collection and Disclosure
Amplitude does not sell Personal Data as we understand the term “sell” to be defined by the CCPA. We share Personal Data, as we understand the term “share” to be defined by the CCPA, as set forth below.
The categories of Personal Data we may collect from you, from third parties, and from your interactions with us, and categories of third party recipients to whom we disclose such Personal Data for business purposes are set forth below. For additional detail about the Personal Data we collect and use and with whom we share this Personal Data and for what purpose, please review Sections 3 and 4 above.
Identifiers (such as name, email address, work address, and phone number)
Service providers; third parties
Commercial information (such as account records and transaction data)
Service providers; third parties
Internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or Website or Product usage)
Service providers
Geolocation data (such as country, city, or approximate location inferred from your IP address)
Service providers
Professional or employment-related data
Service providers; third parties
The following categories of Personal Data have been shared in the preceding 12 months with third party advertising partners and advertising technology providers so that we can reach you with advertisements for our products and services and make them more relevant to you:
Identifiers and contact information
Analytics or other electronic network activity.
Amplitude does not use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than those permitted purposes under the CCPA. Amplitude does not have actual knowledge that it sells or shares Personal Data of individuals under the age of 16.
We retain Personal Data as described in Section 9.1 above.
California law gives California residents the right to make certain requests with regard to their Personal Data. Please see Section 8 for a description of your choices and how you may make a request.
13. Contact Us
If you have any comments, concerns or questions about this Privacy Notice or our privacy practices in general, please send an email to
privacy@amplitude.com
,
ccpa@amplitude.com
, or send mail to:
Amplitude, Inc.
Attn: Privacy
201 Third Street, Suite 200
San Francisco, CA 94103
EFFECTIVE DATE
This Privacy Notice was last updated on September 26, 2023.
14. Cookies
Amplitude uses cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns. Below we describe what cookies and web beacons are, why we use cookies and web beacons, the types of cookies and web beacons that we use, as well as what you can do in order to manage and delete cookies and web beacons.
What are cookies and web beacons?
Cookies are small text files that websites often store on computer hard drives or mobile devices of visitors to their websites. A cookie contains a unique number, which is used to recognize your computer or mobile device when you return to our Website. Cookies can remain on your computer or mobile device for different periods of time. The cookies can be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies. Persistent cookies are stored by a web browser and remain valid until a set expiration date. Session cookies only exist while your internet browser is open and are automatically deleted once you close your browser.
Web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) are small electronic files contained on pages of websites that permit companies to count users who have visited certain webpages on a website and are used for other related website statistics (e.g., recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
What does Amplitude
use cookies and web beacons for?
Amplitude uses a variety of cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies for different purposes. Specifically, Amplitude uses cookies and web beacons to enhance the experience of our visitors to our Website (for example, by remembering your preferences and letting you navigate between pages efficiently) and to better understand how the Website and Product are used. Cookies may tell us, for example, whether you have visited the Website before or whether you are a new visitor.
What types of cookies and web beacons are used by Amplitude?
Amplitude uses both first-party and third-party cookies and web beacons. First-party cookies and web beacons are cookies and web beacons that are served directly by Amplitude to your computer or mobile device. Third-party cookies and web beacons are served by a third-party service provider on behalf of Amplitude. Third-party cookies are most commonly used for advertising and analytics purposes.
There are four categories of cookies and web beacons used by Amplitude. Specifically, Amplitude uses essential, performance, functionality and advertising cookies and web beacons.
Essential cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies are necessary for the operation of the Website and Product. These tracking technologies enable you to move around on the Website and use the Website’s features. You may not opt-out of these types of cookies because they are required to operate the Website and Product.
Performance cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies collect information about how you have used the Website and Product. We use performance cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies to improve the user experience with our Website and Product.
Functionality cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies allow us to remember how you are logged into our Website, when you logged in or out and the actions you have taken while you have been logged into the Website.
Advertising cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies are used by our third-party service providers to deliver advertising to you on other third-party websites as well as help measure the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns. We also use these types of cookies to analyze Website visits and ad conversions from third-party websites.
The table below lists the types of cookies and third party service providers currently used by Amplitude but may not include all cookies or third party service providers. In addition, the below list of cookies and third party service providers is subject to change at any time.
Performance
Amplitude
We use our own products and services to analyze the user behavior within our website and our own products and services.
For more information about our privacy practices, see
https://amplitude.com/privacy
Performance
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to analyze the use of our website.
For more information about Google’s privacy practices, see
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Functional
Intercom
We use Intercom to power chat functionality.
For more information about Intercom’s privacy practices, see
https://www.intercom.com/legal/privacy
Advertising
Marketo
We use Marketo for marketing automation services.
For more information about Marketo’s cookie policy, see
https://documents.marketo.com/legal/cookies/
Advertising
Doubleclick
We use Doubleclick to track advertisements and measure website visits and conversions.
For more information about opting out of the ads, see
https://adssettings.google.com/u/0/authenticated
Advertising
LinkedIn
We use LinkedIn to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on LinkedIn.
For more information about LinkedIn’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
Advertising
Facebook
We use Facebook to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on Facebook.
For more information about Facebook’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.facebook.com/help/www/213802165366955
Advertising
AddThis
We use AddThis for their website tools like social sharing buttons.
For more information about AddThis’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.oracle.com/legal/privacy/addthis-privacy-policy.html
Advertising
StackAdapt
We use StackAdapt to track advertisements and measure website visits and conversions.
For more information about StackAdapt’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.stackadapt.com/platform-and-services-privacy-policy
Advertising
Bing
We use Bing to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on Bing.
For more information about Bing’s privacy practices, please see
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement
Advertising
Reddit
We use Reddit to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on Reddit.
For more information about Reddit’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.reddit.com/policies/privacy-policy
What are your choices about cookies?
You can decide whether or not to accept cookies through our Cookie Settings link on our Website. Most browsers allow you to configure the browser settings so that cookies from websites cannot be placed on your computer or mobile device. If you choose not to accept cookies, then you may be able to continue browsing our Website but we may not be able to provide you with certain features. If you want to opt out of advertising or performance cookies, then you may do so by reviewing the privacy policies of the third party service providers who serve the advertising and performance cookies identified above. If you would like further information about cookies and how to manage and delete them, please visit
www.allaboutcookies.org
or
www.youronlinechoices.eu
.
You can also delete all cookies that are already on your computer. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and the Product, Website and functionalities may not work.
What are your choices about cookies and interest-based advertisements?
Through the Digital Advertising Alliance and Network Advertising Initiative, several media and marketing associations have developed an industry self-regulatory program to give consumers a better understanding of, and greater control over, ads that are customized based on a consumer’s online behavior across different websites and properties. To make choices about internet-based ads from participating third parties, including to opt-out of receiving behaviorally targeted advertisements from participating organizations or to learn more about opting out of advertising cookies, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s or Digital Advertising Alliance’s consumer opt-out pages, which are located at
http://networkadvertising.org/choices/
or
www.aboutads.info/choices
. For those users located in the European Union, you can visit the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s user information website a
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
.
15. Previous Privacy Version
August 28, 2023
December 30, 2022
Sub-policy 1
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 2
https://onesignal.com/privacy_policy:
Javascript must be enabled for the correct page display
Skip to Content
Privacy Policy
Last Updated and Reviewed: April 12, 2024
Our Commitment to Privacy
Your privacy is important to us and maintaining your trust is one of our     highest priorities. This Privacy Policy includes a description of our     information practices, how we use tracking technologies, as well as the     decisions you may make regarding how your information is collected and     used.
California, the United Kingdom, and Singapore Employees, Job Applicants,       Owners, Directors, Officers, and Contractors:
If you are a resident of California, the United Kingdom, or Singapore and     you are an employee, controlling owner, director, officer, or independent     contractor of ours, see the
Privacy Notice for California, the United Kingdom, and Singapore Company       Workforce
below. If you are a resident of California, the United Kingdom, or     Singapore and a job applicant, see
https://onesignal.com/job-privacy
.
Introduction and Background
OneSignal, Inc. is a U.S. company located at 201 S. B Street, San Mateo, CA     94401 (“OneSignal” “we,” “us,” and “our”).
OneSignal is a customer engagement platform for companies around the world     to enable their relationships with (and communicate with) their customers.     This is primarily done by leveraging first party data (the company’s data on     their customers) to personalize and automate messaging by the company     through various channels, such as email, SMS, mobile push notifications, web     push notifications, and in-app messaging.
OneSignal collects this first party data through a software development kit     (“
SDKs
”) that companies use in their mobile applications and websites. These web     and mobile SDKs permit app developers and website operators to send, manage,     optimize and customize messages to their customers and users. All of our     services are referred to collectively as our “
Services,
” and the app developers, website operators, business customers, partners     and advertisers are referred to collectively as our “
Clients.
”
This privacy policy (the “
Privacy Policy
”) explains our personal information practices regarding:
Our Client’s end users and customers (“
Client End Users
”),
Our Clients’, partners’, and vendors’ business representatives (e.g., their     employees), and
Users of our website(s), including any website on which this Privacy Policy     is posted, which we separately describe in Section 4,
below
.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third-party sites or hosted     services you may find or access through our website. This Privacy Policy     also does not apply to our Client’s data practices.  If you submit     personal information to any of those sites or services or to our Clients,     your information will be governed by their privacy policies. We encourage     you to carefully read the privacy policy of any site you visit or hosted     service you use.
Personal Information
References to “personal information” in this Privacy Policy mean     information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of     being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or     indirectly, to an individual or household.
Data Controller or Data Processor
OneSignal is primarily a data processor (or service provider) in relation     to the Services we provide to our Clients, such as when a Client deploys our     technology in order to collect, process or transfer their first party data.     In some cases we operate as a data controller (or business) when we process     personal information of our business contacts, employees, and     representatives.
1. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify this Privacy Policy     or any portion thereof. Any changes will be effective from the time of     publication of the new privacy policy. Your continued use of the Services     after the changes have been implemented shall indicate your agreement with     the terms of such revised privacy policy. Otherwise, and if the new privacy     policy does not suit you, you must no longer use the Services. Where     required by law we will notify you and/or obtain your     consent.
2. Contacting Us
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact our     Data Protection Officer at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
or at 201 S. B Street, Suite 200 San Mateo, CA 94401.
3. Our Data Practices on our SDKs
Categories of Information Collected About Client End Users by Our Web       SDKs
Identifiers such as:
IP address
Email address, if provided to us
A unique cookie identifier, which may uniquely identify a Client End       User
Commercial information that we receive from our Clients or from our Clients’     use of our Services, such as:
Information about Client End User’s transactions and interactions with       apps and websites
What push notifications have been sent to a Client End User
Internet or other electronic network information activity information, such     as:
Information about a Client End User’s browser, such as browser language       type and version of operating system (e.g., Android, iOS); network       provider; language setting; time zone
Web pages visited that have implemented the SDK, and information about       those visits (e.g., session duration, time-stamp, referring URLs)
Geolocation data inferred from IP address
Sensitive information provided or made available by our Clients
Categories of Information Collected About Client End Users by Our Mobile       SDKs
Identifiers such as:
IP address
Email address, if provided to us
Mobile device or account identifiers which may be associated with other       information, including inference data that Clients create on Client End       Users
Commercial information that we receive from our Clients or from our Clients’     use of our Services, such as:
Purchases made within an app
Information about Client End User’s transactions and interactions with the       app
Internet or other electronic network information activity information, such     as:
Information associated with or related to devices, such as device type       (e.g., mobile, tablet); type and version of operating system (e.g.,       Android, iOS); network provider; mobile browser (e.g. Safari, Chrome,       etc.); language setting; time zone; and network status type (such as       WiFi)
How a user has used the App (e.g., session duration, time-stamp)
Geolocation data inferred from IP address
Precise Location information, generally a Client End User’s lat/long data       (i.e., GPS-level data) or WiFi information, which we may associate with       Mobile IDs, and which may be collected whether or not an app is in use.       (Location information is only collected the user has granted permission to       the App to collect this, and the app chooses to send this data to       OneSignal)
Sensitive information provided or made available by our Clients
Sensitive Information
We generally ask our Clients not to provide us with any sensitive     information of the Client End Users. However, if they do provide us with     sensitive information, then as a service provider to our Clients, we rely on     our Clients to obtain consent (if required by applicable law) or provide opt     out rights (if required by law) and to provide all rights to individuals as     are required by applicable law, contract, or otherwise. Where applicable and     required by law, we may enter into U.S. business associate agreements with     our Clients for the processing of protected health     information.
We refer to all of the above collectively as the “
SDK Information .”Sources of SDK Information
The categories of sources of the SDK Information include the     following:
Information provided by our Clients
Information automatically collected from our Clients’ use of the     Services
How We Use the SDK Information
We use the SDK Information on behalf of our Clients for the purpose of     providing the Services to our Clients. This includes:
To offer and support app and website features provided through the SDKs,     including those related to push notifications. This includes, for instance,     providing customer, technical and operational support for these features,     detecting and protecting against errors, fraud, or other criminal activity;     resolving disputes and enforcing our legal terms and other rights we may     have. It also includes analyzing, customizing, and improving the features we     offer Clients.
To provide information and analytics to our Clients about the use of these     app and website features provided through the SDKs, or to help Clients     create or enhance user profiles of Client End Users.
To enable Clients to create inferences about Client End Users. For instance,     if SDK Information indicates that a particular device is frequently seen at     restaurants, we might categorize a user for targeting of local restaurant     offers. Or, if a user is frequently seen at sports stadiums, we might     categorize the user as a “Sports Fan.”
To develop and use “predictive models” which are data models that try to     predict Client End Users’ potential future behavior and interests on a     per-device basis or across devices.
To analyze ad performance, for instance, by attributing Client End Users’     app installations, web visits, or store visits to ad campaigns.
Sometimes, the SDK Information may be used to resolve identities across     multiple devices, such as to match IP addresses or hashed emails to link a     Client End User across (for instance) browsers, mobile devices, tablets, set     top boxes, or other devices.
Sometimes the SDK Information may be used to perform any of the above     functions, or other marketing or analytics services. Or, we may aggregate     and create data “models” to do this – creating algorithms in order to     predict certain trends and things that different Client End Users might have     in common.
We may deploy online cookies to track users across websites, or to     associate users (and these cookies) with Mobile IDs. We may do this to     resolve user identifies across platforms, and to better or more accurately     target messages. You can learn more about cookies and similar technologies,     such as web beacons and SDKs, in the Section titled “
Cookies, Pixel Tags and
SDKs
.”
We may also use the SDK Information for the following purposes:
To explore a potential acquisition or sale of our business
To prevent or stop activity that we may think is illegal; to protect our     rights, privacy, safety or property, and that of you and others; to protect     the security of our services or website; to comply with applicable law; to     comply with legal process and our legal obligations; to respond to requests     or requirements from public, law and government authorities and private     parties; to enforce our terms; to allow us to pursue available remedies or     limit potential damages; and to exercise or defend legal claims
In other ways with your consent or at your direction
How We Disclose the SDK Information
We may disclose SDK Information to the following categories of third     parties:
Service Providers.
We disclose the SDK Information on our Clients’ behalf to service providers,     contractors and other companies to fulfill your orders, operate our     business, communicate with you and make available our Services and this     Website. These service providers may help us perform any of the activities     set forth in Section 2. For instance, we may disclose certain of the     information we collect or receive to companies that help us with billing and     payment, marketing, advertising and email marketing, data enhancement (e.g.,     to provide more relevant offers), website hosting, technology and customer     support, web and marketing analytics, anti-fraud or security operations, and     other operational, marketing or business support.
We likewise may disclose the SDK Information or data segments regarding a     Client (for instance, related to push notifications they send) for that     Client’s own advertising, analytics, or other purposes.
Affiliates.
We may disclose your information to our affiliates (e.g., our     subsidiaries).
Buyers and investors.
We may disclose or transfer your personal information in connection with, or     during negotiations of, any acquisition of our business, financing or     similar transaction.
Other third parties for legal purposes.
We may also disclose your information if we believe it is required: (a) to     prevent or stop activity that we may think is, or is at risk of being,     illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity; (b) to protect our     rights, privacy, safety or property, and that of you and others; (c) to     protect our operations and the security of our services and website; (d)     under applicable law; (e) to comply with legal process and our legal     obligations; (f) to respond to requests or requirements from public, law and     government authorities (including national security and law enforcement     requirements) and private parties; (g) to enforce our terms and conditions;     (h) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit potential damages; and     (i) to exercise or defend legal claims.
Other ways with consent.
We may disclose your personal information in other ways with your consent or     at your direction.
California, Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, and Utah       Residents.
We do not sell your personal information or share your personal information     for cross context behavioral advertising or for targeted advertising     purposes.
We may create deidentified information as part of providing our Services. We     commit to maintain and use deidentified information in deidentified form     only and we will not attempt to reidentify the information, except we may     attempt to reidentify the information solely for the purpose of determining     whether our deidentification process satisfies our commitment above.
We do not engage in profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal     or similarly significant effects concerning     you.
4. Our Data Practices on the OneSignal Website(s)
OneSignal Website Information We Collect
We collect the following personal information from visitors of our     website(s) (the “
OneSignal Website Information,
” including the website on which this Privacy Policy appears (“
OneSignal Website(s)
”):
Identifiers that you disclose to us on the OneSignal Websites, such as name,     email address, phone number, and other contact information. For example, you     provide your personal information when you request information from us, fill     out a form on our website, or interact with us in other ways.
Internet or other electronic network activity information that is collected     by automated mechanisms (e.g., with cookies, unique IDs, pixels and other     locally stored objects), such as visitor interactions with the OneSignal     Websites. (You can learn more about these technologies below in the Section     titled “
Cookies, Pixel Tags and
SDKs
”). We may use third party-services such as Google Analytics, in which case     those third parties gather information such as your IP address, browser     type, the webpage from which you came to our website, and the times of your     access to the OneSignal Website. In addition, as you browse our website,     advertising cookies may be placed on your computer so that we can understand     what you are interested in. Our display advertising partners may then help     us retarget ads to you on other sites based on your interactions with the     OneSignal Website. To “opt out” of having your information used to tailor     ads to you in this way by third party ad platforms that we may work with or     provide data to, please review the Section below titled “
Consumer Control and Opt Out  Options
”  to learn how to opt-out of these services and instead receive     generic, non-tailored ads. When we do use these types of third party     advertising partners, we endeavor to limit and restrict their processing to     acting solely as our service provider and data processor.
Audio and electronic information of our Clients’, partners’, and vendor’s     employees and other representatives in connection with business calls and     business email communications.
Professional or employment related information about our Clients’,     partners’, and vendors’ employees and other representatives.
Sensitive information, as defined under applicable law, which may include     location data and account login data
Sensitive Information
If you are a California resident and you have created an online login     account with us, your account login information may be treated as sensitive     information under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA). The     account is set up in your capacity as a representative of one of our     Clients. We use that information at your specific request and to perform our     services to the Client. We do not use sensitive information for the purpose     of inferring characteristics about you. Also, we do not sell sensitive     information and we do not process or otherwise disclose sensitive     information for the purpose of behavioral advertising. You may ask us to     delete this account information, but you will not be able to log in anymore     on behalf of the Client.
Sources of OneSignal Website Information
The categories of sources of the SDK Information include the     following:
Information provided by you
Information automatically collected from your use of the OneSignal     Website
Information collected in connection with our business relationship (e.g.     interactions with you as a representative of one of our Clients, partners,     or vendors)
How We Use the OneSignal Website Information
In addition to the uses described above, we use the OneSignal Website     Information (alone or in combination) to provide, market, and operate the     OneSignal Websites and Services. Among other things, by collecting the     OneSignal Website Information, we are able to:
Perform our contract obligations, including maintaining and offering access     to the OneSignal Websites and Services and optimizing how they’re offered to     our Clients.
Send information about our products and services, including administrative     and marketing communications.
Respond to your questions, concerns, or customer service inquiries.
Customize the content and advertising you see on the OneSignal Websites,     across the Internet, and elsewhere.
Explore a potential acquisition or sale of our business
Prevent or stop activity that we may think is illegal; protect our rights,     privacy, safety or property, and that of you and others; protect the     security of our services or website; comply with applicable law; comply with     legal process and our legal obligations; respond to requests or requirements     from public, law and government authorities and private parties; to enforce     our terms; allow us to pursue available remedies or limit potential damages;     and exercise or defend legal claims.
Use your information in other ways with your consent or at your     direction.
How We Disclose the OneSignal Website Information
We may disclose the OneSignal Website Information to the following     categories of third parties:
Service providers, such as third parties that help us to provide the     OneSignal Websites or Services and make them available and functional (such     as hosting services); entities that help us make available or transmit any     information we hold (such as helping us send emails, process payments, and     manage customer information); and entities that help us (including our     contractors, agents, and affiliates) provide technical, customer, billing,     administrative, event planning, marketing or operational services to us or     our Clients.
Corporate affiliates such as subsidiaries.
A third party as part of a business sale, merger, consolidation, investment,     change in control, transfer of substantial assets, reorganization or     liquidation, or in connection with steps taken in anticipation of such an     event (e.g., due diligence).
A third party if we believe it is required: (a) to prevent or stop activity     that we may think is, or is at risk of being, illegal, unethical or legally     actionable activity; (b) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property,     and that of you and others; (c) to protect our operations and the security     of our services and website; (d) under applicable law; (e) to comply with     legal process and our legal obligations; (f) to respond to requests or     requirements from public, law and government authorities (including national     security and law enforcement requirements) and private parties; (g) to     enforce our terms and conditions; (h) to allow us to pursue available     remedies or limit potential damages; and (i) to exercise or defend legal     claims.
Other third parties with your consent or at your direction.
California, Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, and Utah       Residents.
We do not sell your personal information or share your personal information     for targeted advertising purposes.
We may create deidentified information as part of providing our Services. We     commit to maintain and use deidentified information in deidentified form     only and we will not attempt to reidentify the information, except we may     attempt to reidentify the information solely for the purpose of determining     whether our deidentification process satisfies our commitment above.
We do not engage in profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal     or similarly significant effects concerning you.
5. Cookies, Pixel Tags and SDKs
Cookies and Pixel Tags.
Cookies are small data files containing a string of characters, such     as an anonymous unique browser identifier. Cookies are stored on your     computer or other device and act as unique tags that identify your device or     browser. Our servers may send your device a cookie when you visit the     OneSignal Websites, and our Clients and partners may do likewise on our     OneSignal Websites, our Clients’ websites, and elsewhere. A pixel tag (also     commonly known as a web beacon or clear GIF) is an invisible 1 x 1 pixel     that is placed on certain web pages. When you access web pages on which a     pixel tag is deployed, the pixel tag may generate a generic notice of the     visit and permit OneSignal, our Clients or partners to set or read cookies.     Pixel tags are used in combination with cookies to anonymously track the     activity on a website by a particular browser on a particular device. If you     disable cookies, pixel tags simply detect an anonymous website visit.     OneSignal, alone or with our Clients and partners, may use cookies to, among     other things, “remember” you (e.g., when you visit the OneSignal Websites or     the websites of our Clients or partners), track trends, and collect     information about how you use our Clients’ or partners’ websites or interact     with advertising. We and partners we work with use cookies to provide     relevant content to you and replace non-relevant ads with ads that better     match your interests. We may sometimes use other locally stored objects in     ways similar to how we use cookies. Often, these objects are deleted when     you clear your browser cookie cache, but because this may not always occur     (depending on the browser you use), we recommend that if you wish to opt out     of notification features or third party interest-based advertising you     instead follow the steps we have set forth in Section 7 titled “
Consumer Control & Opt-Out Options.
”
Mobile Device Identifiers and SDKs.
We may use or work with partners who use mobile SDKs (including our     own SDKs, which are described in more detail in this Policy) to collect     information, such as mobile identifiers (e.g., IDFAs and Android Advertising     IDs), and information related to how mobile devices and their users interact     with our Services and those using our Services. The SDK is computer code     that app developers can include in their apps to enable ads to be shown,     data to be collected, and related services to be implemented. We may use     this technology, for instance, to identify users through mobile applications     and browsers based on information associated with your mobile device. We do     not collect advertising identifiers such as IDFAs or Android Advertising     IDs.
Social Media Widgets.
The OneSignal Website may include social media features, such as the     Twitter button, and widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive     mini-programs. These features may collect your IP address, which page you     are visiting on the website, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to     function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a     third party or hosted directly on the website. Your interactions with these     features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing     it.
Do Not Track Signals.
OneSignal currently does not respond to browser do not track (DNT)     signals, so we may not be aware of, or may be unable to respond to, such     signals.
6. Data Retention
Generally speaking, we retain the SDK Information and Website Information     for as long as reasonably necessary to achieve our objectives as detailed in     this Privacy Policy, and to comply with our legal obligations, resolve     disputes and enforce our agreements. We may delete user information from     certain apps that we deem as “inactive,” in-line with applicable privacy     laws and privacy best practices, and in response to requests from Clients     and individuals. In general, “inactive” apps include apps with no recent     messages sent or impressions made, no recent logins by accounts associated     with the app, and/or no meaningful changes in user counts.
When considering the retention period for personal information, we consider     the nature, sensitivity, and amount of the personal information, the     potential risk of harm from unauthorized disclosure or use, and our legal,     regulatory, tax, accounting and other similar obligations.
For customers on our free plan, we delete push subscribers that have not     been active for the past 18 months. Push subscribers are considered dormant     if the subscriber: (1) has not used the customer’s  mobile app or     visited the customer’s  website in more than 18 months, or (2)     OneSignal has not processed any data points for the subscriber in more than     18 months. For customers on active paid plans, their subscribers will be     retained until the customer chooses to delete them.
7. Data Security
We have reasonable administrative, technical, and physical safeguards in     place in our physical facilities and in our computer systems, databases, and     communications networks. These safeguards are designed to protect     information from unauthorized or illegal access, destruction, use,     modification, or disclosure and to protect the confidentiality, integrity,     and accessibility of personal information. In addition, we are SOC 2 Type 2     certified and have a SOC 2 Type 2 report certifying that our security     policies and controls meet industry standards. This report captures how we     safeguard customer data and how well those controls are     operating.
Note that no method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure     and  we cannot guarantee absolute security of personal     information.
8. Children
We do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age     of 18. Our services and our website are directed to and intended for people     who are at least 18 years old or older. If you are a parent or guardian and     you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information,     please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected personal     information from anyone under the age of 18 without verification of parental     consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers and     databases.
If our Clients provide us with information about individuals under the age     of 18, as a service provider we rely on our Clients to obtain consent (if     required by applicable law) or provide opt out rights (if required by law)     and otherwise to provide such rights to individuals and their parents or     legal guardians as are required by applicable law, contract, or     otherwise.
9. Third-Party Websites and Apps
We are not responsible for the privacy practices or disclosures of websites     and applications that use our Services. Likewise, when you access the     OneSignal Website, you may be directed to other websites that are also     beyond our control. We encourage you to read the applicable privacy policies     and terms and conditions of such third parties and websites, and the     industry tools that we have referenced in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy     Policy, however, only applies to the OneSignal Site and the     Services.
10. European Data - Legal Grounds
If you are a visitor to our OneSignal Website from the European Economic     Area, Switzerland or the United Kingdom, our legal basis for collecting and     using the personal information described above will depend on the personal     information concerned and the specific context in which we collect     it.
Our legal grounds for processing your personal information may be one or     more of the following:
Consent: in some cases, we rely on your consent, which you can withdraw at     any time
Performance of a contract with you: we might need to process your personal     information to perform our obligations or to take steps prior to entering     into a contract with you
Compliance with law: in some cases, we may have a legal obligation to use or     retain your personal data
Legitimate interests: we may also process your personal information where it     is necessary for our legitimate interests in a way that might be expected as     part of running our business and not overridden by your data protection     interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
If we process your personal information on behalf of a Client, we rely on     our Client’s legal ground for processing your personal information on their     behalf.
11. Individuals From Outside the United States
Data is hosted and stored in Europe and accessed in the United States, as     well as other countries where our offices or facilities are located or where     our service providers operate. The data protection and other laws of the     United States might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. By     using the OneSignal Website or Services you consent to your information     being transferred to our offices and facilities and to those of our service     providers to whom we disclose it.
Standard Contractual Clauses
If you are located in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom or     Switzerland, we will protect your personal information when it is     transferred outside of your jurisdiction by (a) processing it in a territory     that provides an adequate level of protection based on its data protection     laws; or (b) implementing appropriate safeguards to protect your personal     information, such as relying on the European standard contractual clauses     (and the United Kingdom addendum, if applicable). OneSignal currently relies     on these European standard contractual clauses for data transfers and the     Data Privacy Framework (see below).
Data Privacy Framework
OneSignal complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the UK     Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-U.S. Data     Privacy Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. OneSignal     has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the     EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (“
EU-U.S. DPF Principles
”) with regard to the processing of Personal Data received from the     European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom in     reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. OneSignal has certified to     the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data     Privacy Framework Principles (“
Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles
”) with regard to the processing of Personal Data received from Switzerland     in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the     terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the     Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the DPF principles shall govern. To learn more     about the Data Privacy Framework (“
DPF
”) program, and to view our certification page, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/list
.
OneSignal commits to applying the DPF’s Principles to all Personal Data     that OneSignal in the U.S. receives from European Economic Area member     countries, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland in reliance on the respective     DPF.
Our compliance with the DPF is subject to the investigatory and enforcement     powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In accordance with the DPF, we     are also liable for onward transfers to third parties that process personal     information in a way that does not follow the DPF.
Please email us at
privacy@onesignal.com
with any questions, concerns, or complaints about our DPF certification. You     can resolve any applicable disputes with us related to our certification     free of charge through JAMS (
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
), an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.     You can contact JAMS as described at
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
.
In some situations, the DPF Framework gives you the right to invoke binding     arbitration. You can do this to resolve complaints not resolved by other     means, as described in Annex I to the DPF Framework (
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/framework-text
)
OneSignal agrees to periodically review and verify its compliance with the     DPF Principles, and to remedy any issues arising out of failure to comply     with the DPF Principles. OneSignal acknowledges that its failure to provide     an annual self-certification to the U.S. Department of Commerce will remove     it from the Department’s list of DPF participants.
12. Consumer Control and Opt Out Options
You may have the following privacy rights:
If you wish to
access, correct, or request deletion
of your     personal information, you can do so at any time by contacting us at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
.
If you wish to
opt-out of marketing communications
(including emails),     click on the “opt-out” link in our marketing communications or contact us at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
.
See
Certain US Rights
and
Rights of Europeans
below for additional rights that may apply to you.
Opting Out of OneSignal Push Notifications
You may in most cases opt out of receiving push notifications by going to     your device “Settings” and clicking on “Notifications,” and then changing     those settings for some or all of the apps on your device. Different device     configurations, or updates to devices, may affect or change how these     settings work.
Your choice to opt out of “Notifications” from the OneSignal platform will     not affect notifications placed by any other organization.
Opting Out of Online Interest-Based Advertising by Third Parties
You can opt out of many of the platforms and service providers that     facilitate online interest-based advertising by visiting the Digital     Advertising Alliance’s consumer education and opt-out page, at     http://www.aboutads.info/. This type of opt out is cookie based and specific     to each browser, which means that if you replace or upgrade your browser, or     delete your cookies, you will need to opt out again. Opting out in this way     will not prevent you from receiving ads – it will just make the ads you see     less customized to you.
Opting Out of “Cross-App” Advertising on Mobile Devices by Third       Parties
You can opt out of having your mobile advertising identifiers used for     certain types of interest-based (also called “cross-app”) mobile behavioral     advertising, by accessing the “settings” on your Apple or Android mobile     device.
Additional Choices – Our Clients
Our Clients may also provide ways for you to opt out from or limit their     collection of information from and about you. Please refer to the privacy     policies of our Clients to learn more about their privacy     practices.
Where you wish to enforce any of these rights in respect of our Services,     you should contact the Client who provides you with the website or mobile     application. We will then help them to fulfill that request in accordance     with their instructions and applicable legal requirements.
Additional Choices - Europeans
In accordance with European data protection law and the Data Privacy     Framework, you may opt out of having your personal information used for a     purpose that is materially different from the purpose(s) for which it was     originally collected or subsequently authorized by you. We do not disclose     your personal data to third parties except to our service providers who act     on our behalf.  If we were to disclose your personal data to other     parties who are not our service providers, we would allow you to opt     out.
We ask that our clients not disclose to us any sensitive information about     you (e.g., personal information specifying medical or health conditions,     racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical     beliefs, trade union membership or information specifying the sex life of     the individual). If we do receive sensitive information about you from our     clients, then European data protection law and the Data Privacy Framework     requires us to obtain your consent. We rely on our clients to obtain any     consent needed to disclose sensitive information to us.
13. Certain US Rights
As a California, Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut or Utah resident, you may     have the additional rights below.
Right to know
Right to access
Right to data portability
Right to correction
Right to deletion
Right of no discrimination and no retaliation
Right to appeal (certain states)
Additional rights that are not applicable are not listed above because     OneSignal is not engaged in such activities (e.g., selling, sharing for     cross context behavioral advertising, targeted advertising, and     profiling).
Personal Information from Client
If you make a request relating to personal information that we process on     behalf of a Client, you will need to make the request directly with our     Client unless our Client has authorized us to respond directly to     you.
Know, Access, and Data Portability
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you     about our collection and use of your personal information. Once we receive     and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to     you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about     you.
Our purposes for collecting that personal information.
The categories of third parties to whom we disclosed that personal     information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you – you can     then copy and port that information.
Correction
You have the right to request that OneSignal correct any of your personal     information that OneSignal collected from you and retained. Once we receive     and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will correct your personal     information.
Deletion
You have the right to request that OneSignal delete any of your personal     information that OneSignal collected from you and retained, subject to     certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer     request, we will delete your personal information from our records, unless     an exception applies under applicable law.
Right of No Discrimination and No Retaliation
We will not retaliate or discriminate against you for exercising any of     your rights under applicable law. You have the right not to receive     discriminatory treatment for the exercise of any of these     rights.
Appeal Right – Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut Residents
If we decline to take action regarding your request, we will inform you of     that decision and the justification for declining to take     action.
If we decline to take action at the direction of our Client, you must     contact the Client directly to appeal the decision.
For Virginia residents, you have the right appeal our decision by no later     than 30 days after we inform you of our decision. Send your appeal to us via     email at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
with “Appeal Right” in the subject line of your email
.  Within 60 days after we receive your appeal, we will inform you of     any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal. If the appeal is     denied, you may contact Virginia’s Attorney General to submit a complaint at     https://www.oag.state.va.us/consumer-protection/index.php/file-a-complaint.
For Colorado residents, you have the right appeal our decision by no later     than 30 days after we inform you of our decision. Send your appeal to us via     email at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
with “Appeal Right” in the subject line of your email.  Within 45 days     after we receive your appeal, we will inform you of any action taken or not     taken in response to the appeal. We may extend this period by 60 additional     days where reasonably necessary. If the appeal is denied, you may contact     Colorado’s Attorney General to submit a complaint at     https://coag.gov/file-complaint/.
For Connecticut residents, you have the right appeal our decision by no     later than 30 days after we inform you of our decision. Send your appeal to     us via email at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
with “Appeal Right” in the subject line of your email.  Within 60 days     after we receive your appeal, we will inform you of any action taken or not     taken in response to the appeal. If the appeal is denied, you may contact     Connecticut’s Attorney General to submit a complaint at     https://portal.ct.gov/AG/Common/Complaint-Form-Landing-page.
Exercising Your Rights
To exercise the rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer     request emailing us at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
and including your full name and email address and the type of request you     are making (e.g., right to know, access, portability, correction, or     deletion).
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a     verifiable consumer request related to your personal     information.
14. Rights of Europeans
In accordance with European data protection law and the Data Privacy     Framework, if your personal information is protected under applicable     European data protection law, you may have the following rights:
Right to access
Right to rectification
Right to erasure
Right to restrict processing
Right to data portability
Right to object
Right in relation to automated decision-making and profiling*
Right to withdraw consent
Right to lodge a complaint
*OneSignal currently does not engage in automated decision-making or     profiling.
Personal Information from Client
If you make a request relating to personal information that we process on     behalf of a Client, you will need to make the request directly with our     Client unless our Client has authorized us to respond directly to     you.
If you wish to exercise the rights above, contact us at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
.
If you wish to withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal     information, the withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of any processing     we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your     personal information conducted in reliance on other legal grounds other than     consent.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our     collection and use of your personal information. For more information,     please contact your local supervisory authority.
Privacy Notice for California, the United Kingdom, and Singapore Company       Workforce
This Privacy Notice for California, the United Kingdom, and Singapore     Company Workforce (“
Workforce Notice
”) applies solely to employees, controlling owners, directors, officers,     independent contractors, and medical staff (if any) of OneSignal who are     California, United Kingdom or Singapore residents (“you” or the “
Company Workforce
”). California, the United Kingdom, and Singapore job applicants can review     our careers privacy policy here:
https://onesignal.com/job-privacy
.
Information We Collect from Company Workforce
We collect the following categories of personal information from our     Company Workforce:
Sensitive Information
We collect the above examples of sensitive personal information from our     Company Workforce. We use this sensitive information for the purposes set     forth in “
Use of Personal Information
” below. We do not use sensitive information for the purpose of inferring     characteristics about you. We do not sell your sensitive information, and we     do not process or otherwise disclose sensitive information for the purpose     of behavioral advertising.
Sources of Collection
These are the categories of sources of your personal information that we     collect:
Directly from you
Automatically
From service providers
Use of Personal Information
We may use the personal information of the Company Workforce for the     following purposes:
Employees, directors and officers
: We may use your information for the following purposes: identifying you,     verifying work authorization, administering taxes and health, medical and     other benefit plans, keeping track of your records, contacting you,     facilitating payment to bank accounts, contributing to and administering     401(k) plans, garnishing wages required by law, evaluating performance,     tracking efficiency and productivity, protecting against disclosure of     confidential information and trade secrets, and ensuring compliance with     applicable laws and company policies.
Independent contractors
: We     may use your information for the following purposes: identifying you,     administering taxes, keeping track of your records, contacting you,     facilitating payment to bank accounts, evaluating performance, tracking     efficiency and productivity, protecting against disclosure of confidential     information and trade secrets, and ensuring compliance with applicable laws     and company policies.
Controlling Owners
: We may     use your information for the following purposes: identifying you,     administering equity ownership and taxes, keeping track of records,     contacting you, facilitating payment to bank accounts, and ensuring     compliance with applicable laws and company policies.
Legal and Other Uses
. We may     also use your information if we believe it is required or appropriate: (a)     to prevent or stop activity that we may think is, or is at risk of being,     illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity; (b) to protect our     rights, privacy, safety or property, and that of you and others; (c) to     protect our operations and the security of our Services; (d) under     applicable law; (e) to comply with legal process and our legal obligations;     (f) to respond to requests or requirements from public, law and government     authorities (including national security and law enforcement requirements)     and private parties; (g) to enforce our terms and conditions; and (h) to     allow us to pursue available remedies or limit potential damages.
We may use your information as described to you when collecting your     personal information or as otherwise permitted under applicable law         .
Disclosing Personal Information
We disclose the above categories of personal information to the following     categories of third parties:
Service Providers.
Affiliates.
Buyer, investor, etc. of our business.
Legal and other Disclosures.
Other third parties with your consent.
No Sale of Personal Information and No Sharing Personal Information for       Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising
We do not sell personal information. We do not share personal information     to other companies for their cross-context behavioral advertising purposes.     “Sell” and “share” are defined under the CCPA.
Your Rights
Your rights may include the following:
Right to know
Right to access
Right to data portability
Right to correction (or right to rectification in the UK)
Right to deletion (or right to erasure in the UK)
Right not to receive retaliatory or discriminatory treatment (CA)
Right to restrict processing (UK)*
Right to object to processing (UK)*
Right to withdraw consent (UK and Singapore)*
Right to lodge a complaint with a data protection authority (UK)
Additional rights that are not applicable are not listed above because     OneSignal is not engaged in such activities (e.g., selling, sharing for     cross context behavioral advertising, targeted advertising,  and     profiling).
*Exercising these rights may not affect the lawfulness of certain     processing that we are required to do to comply with applicable     law.
Exercising Your California, United Kingdom, and Singapore Rights
To exercise the rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer     request as follows:
emailing us at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
and including your full name     and email address and the type of request you are making (e.g., right to     know, access, portability, correction, or deletion), or
writing us at Privacy Policy, Attention: Legal, 201 S. B Street, Suite 200,     San Mateo, CA 94401
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a     verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may     also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor     child.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information     if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and     confirm the personal information relates to you.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer     request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the     request.
Sensitive Information
We collect the above examples of sensitive personal information from our         Company Workforce. We use this sensitive information for the purposes         set forth in “
Use of Personal Information
” below. We do         not use sensitive information for the purpose of inferring         characteristics about you. We do not sell your sensitive information,         and we do not process or otherwise disclose sensitive information for         the purpose of behavioral advertising.
Sources of Collection
These are the categories of sources of your personal information that we         collect:
Directly from you
Automatically
From service providers
Use of Personal Information
We may use the personal information of the Company Workforce for the         following purposes:
Employees, directors and officers
: We may use your information for the following purposes: identifying           you, verifying work authorization, administering taxes and health,           medical and other benefit plans, keeping track of your records,           contacting you, facilitating payment to bank accounts, contributing to           and administering 401(k) plans, garnishing wages required by law,           evaluating performance, tracking efficiency and productivity,           protecting against disclosure of confidential information and trade           secrets, and ensuring compliance with applicable laws and company           policies.
Independent contractors
: We may use your information for the following purposes: identifying           you, administering taxes, keeping track of your records, contacting           you, facilitating payment to bank accounts, evaluating performance,           tracking efficiency and productivity, protecting against disclosure of           confidential information and trade secrets, and ensuring compliance           with applicable laws and company policies.
Controlling Owners
: We           may use your information for the following purposes: identifying you,           administering equity ownership and taxes, keeping track of records,           contacting you, facilitating payment to bank accounts, and ensuring           compliance with applicable laws and company policies.
Legal and Other Uses
.           We may also use your information if we believe it is required or           appropriate: (a) to prevent or stop activity that we may think is, or           is at risk of being, illegal, unethical or legally actionable           activity; (b) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and           that of you and others; (c) to protect our operations and the security           of our Services; (d) under applicable law; (e) to comply with legal           process and our legal obligations; (f) to respond to requests or           requirements from public, law and government authorities (including           national security and law enforcement requirements) and private           parties; (g) to enforce our terms and conditions; and (h) to allow us           to pursue available remedies or limit potential damages.
We may use your information as described to you when collecting your           personal information or as otherwise permitted under applicable law               .
Disclosing Personal Information
We disclose the above categories of personal information to the         following categories of third parties:
Service Providers.
Affiliates.
Buyer, investor, etc. of our business.
Legal and other Disclosures.
Other third parties with your consent.
No Sale of Personal Information and No Sharing Personal Information           for Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising
We do not sell personal information. We do not share personal         information to other companies for their cross-context behavioral         advertising purposes. “Sell” and “share” are defined under the         CCPA.
Your Rights
Your rights may include the following:
Right to know
Right to access
Right to data portability
Right to correction (or right to rectification in the UK)
Right to deletion (or right to erasure in the UK)
Right not to receive retaliatory or discriminatory treatment (CA)
Right to restrict processing (UK)*
Right to object to processing (UK)*
Right to withdraw consent (UK and Singapore)*
Right to lodge a complaint with a data protection authority (UK)
Additional rights that are not applicable are not listed above because         OneSignal is not engaged in such activities (e.g., selling, sharing for         cross context behavioral advertising, targeted advertising,  and         profiling).
*Exercising these rights may not affect the lawfulness of certain         processing that we are required to do to comply with applicable law.
Exercising Your California, United Kingdom, and Singapore           Rights
To exercise the rights described above, please submit a verifiable         consumer request as follows:
emailing us at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
and including your full name and email address and the type of request           you are making (e.g., right to know, access, portability, correction,           or deletion), or
writing us at Privacy Policy, Attention: Legal, 201 S. B Street, Suite           200, San Mateo, CA 94401
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make         a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You         may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor         child.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal         information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the         request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer         request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the         request.
Category
Examples of information collected
Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online           identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name,           Social Security number (or local equivalent), driver’s license number,           passport number, visa information, or other similar identifiers.
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer           Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or           description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s           license or state identification card number, insurance policy number,           education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit           card number, debit card number, or any other financial information,           medical information, or health insurance information.
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal           law.
Age (40 years or older), race, national origin, medical condition,           disability, gender, sexual orientation, veteran or military status.
Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s           interaction with a website or application.
Geolocation data.
Physical location.
Audio and electronic data.
Recordings of virtual meetings, electronic communications, and           recordings from security cameras on office premises.
Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history, resume information, or performance           evaluations.
Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person’s intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
Sensitive personal information.
Social security number, driver’s license, passport number, company           account login, financial account information, precise geolocation,           race or ethnic origin, citizenship, immigration status, contents of           emails.
Sensitive Information
We collect the above examples of sensitive personal information from our     Company Workforce. We use this sensitive information for the purposes set     forth in “
Use of Personal Information
” below. We do not use sensitive information for the purpose of inferring     characteristics about you. We do not sell your sensitive information, and we     do not process or otherwise disclose sensitive information for the purpose     of behavioral advertising.
Sources of Collection
These are the categories of sources of your personal information that we     collect:
Directly from you
Automatically
From service providers
Use of Personal Information
We may use the personal information of the Company Workforce for the     following purposes:
Employees, directors and officers
: We may use your information for the following purposes: identifying you,     verifying work authorization, administering taxes and health, medical and     other benefit plans, keeping track of your records, contacting you,     facilitating payment to bank accounts, contributing to and administering     401(k) plans, garnishing wages required by law, evaluating performance,     tracking efficiency and productivity, protecting against disclosure of     confidential information and trade secrets, and ensuring compliance with     applicable laws and company policies.
Independent contractors
: We     may use your information for the following purposes: identifying you,     administering taxes, keeping track of your records, contacting you,     facilitating payment to bank accounts, evaluating performance, tracking     efficiency and productivity, protecting against disclosure of confidential     information and trade secrets, and ensuring compliance with applicable laws     and company policies.
Controlling Owners
: We may     use your information for the following purposes: identifying you,     administering equity ownership and taxes, keeping track of records,     contacting you, facilitating payment to bank accounts, and ensuring     compliance with applicable laws and company policies.
Legal and Other Uses
. We may     also use your information if we believe it is required or appropriate: (a)     to prevent or stop activity that we may think is, or is at risk of being,     illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity; (b) to protect our     rights, privacy, safety or property, and that of you and others; (c) to     protect our operations and the security of our Services; (d) under     applicable law; (e) to comply with legal process and our legal obligations;     (f) to respond to requests or requirements from public, law and government     authorities (including national security and law enforcement requirements)     and private parties; (g) to enforce our terms and conditions; and (h) to     allow us to pursue available remedies or limit potential damages.
We may use your information as described to you when collecting your     personal information or as otherwise permitted under applicable law         .
Disclosing Personal Information
We disclose the above categories of personal information to the following     categories of third parties:
Service Providers.
Affiliates.
Buyer, investor, etc. of our business.
Legal and other Disclosures.
Other third parties with your consent.
No Sale of Personal Information and No Sharing Personal Information for       Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising
We do not sell personal information. We do not share personal information     to other companies for their cross-context behavioral advertising purposes.     “Sell” and “share” are defined under the CCPA.
Your Rights
Your rights may include the following:
Right to know
Right to access
Right to data portability
Right to correction (or right to rectification in the UK)
Right to deletion (or right to erasure in the UK)
Right not to receive retaliatory or discriminatory treatment (CA)
Right to restrict processing (UK)*
Right to object to processing (UK)*
Right to withdraw consent (UK and Singapore)*
Right to lodge a complaint with a data protection authority (UK)
Additional rights that are not applicable are not listed above because     OneSignal is not engaged in such activities (e.g., selling, sharing for     cross context behavioral advertising, targeted advertising,  and     profiling).
*Exercising these rights may not affect the lawfulness of certain     processing that we are required to do to comply with applicable     law.
Exercising Your California, United Kingdom, and Singapore Rights
To exercise the rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer     request as follows:
emailing us at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
and including your full name     and email address and the type of request you are making (e.g., right to     know, access, portability, correction, or deletion), or
writing us at Privacy Policy, Attention: Legal, 201 S. B Street, Suite 200,     San Mateo, CA 94401
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a     verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may     also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor     child.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information     if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and     confirm the personal information relates to you.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer     request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the     request.