Privacy Policy
Welcome to GodImage(“we”,”us” or “our”). Our Privacy Policy explains how we and some of the companies we work with collect, use, share and protect information in relation to our mobile services, and any other services we provide (collectively, the “Services”).
By using our Service you understand and agree that we are providing a platform for you to post text, graphics, photos, videos or other materials (collectively referred to as "Content"), to the Service and to share Content publicly. This means that other users may search for, see, use, or share any of your Content that you make publicly available through the Service, consistent with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use.
Information We collect
Usage Information.
We collect information about your activity and the messages you send and receive through our Services.
Face Recognition
We mainly collect and detect the eye area features of the user's facial data, including eyes, eyebrows, eyelashes and eyeliners. The purpose of collecting this information is only to provide facial recognition and facial manipulation, especially the application of make-up effects in appropriate facial positions. The facial data collected is only collected from the phone camera. If the camera is not turned on, all operations for detecting facial data will not be performed. After identifying such information, we will process it as a de identifying call, which will not be used to identify any specific user. Our service may use the calculation results of Apple ’s TrueDepth camera system, which we will not use these calculation results for other purposes, not store them on our servers, and do not share them with any third parties. And the face data we collected cannot be used for identifying a specific person at all.
Device Information.
We collect information about your device, including operating system and version, unique device identifiers (including MAC address and IMEI), browser type, system version, device type, crash logs and language, and mobile network information.
Camera, Videos and Photos.
For a better experience, we need your consent to access your camera, videos and photos.After your agreement, our services will collect information from your device’s camera, videos and photos.
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies.
Like most online services, we use cookies, web beacons, and other technologies. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that store information about your use of the Services, which can, among other things, help us see which areas and features of the Services are popular and let us count visits. Web beacons are small pieces of software on a webpage or email that help us see how you interact with that webpage or email. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies. Keep in mind, though, that removing or rejecting cookies could affect the availability and functionality of our Services. To learn more about how third parties use such technologies on our Services, be sure to read the “Analytics and Advertising Services Provided by Others” section of our privacy policy.
We use third-party analytics tools to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service. These tools collect information sent by your device or our Service, including the web pages you visit, add-ons, and other information that assists us in improving the Service. We collect and use this analytics information with analytics information from other users so that it cannot reasonably be used to identify any particular individual User.
2. How We Store Your Information
1) Your account information (e.g., email address, password, and phone number) will be encrypted as soon as you register for the Service, and we store and process such encrypted information in the United States or any other country in which we maintain facilities.
We will use commercially reasonable safeguards and take reasonable steps to keep the information encrypted at all times, so that the information will not be decrypted and accessible.
2) You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information, and for controlling access to the service at all times as we are not able to decrypt and access your encrypted account information.
3) We think highly of your secure of facial information. All of facial information will not upload to the service and store at hard drive. We make sure it will auto-release after you exit or uninstall our app.
3. How We Use Information
We provide you with lots of Services that we improve with the information we collect. But we do a lot more as well, such as:
Provide and deliver the products, services, and functionality that you request, process transactions, and send you related information;
Communicate with you. That means just what it says; we may send you marketing communications on behalf of us or other companies; respond to your comments and questions; provide customer service; and send you technical notices, security alerts, and other informational messages;
Monitor and analyze trends and usage;
Develop, improve, and refine products, services, and functionality;
Personalize the Services by providing advertisements, content, or features that match user profiles or interests. For instance, when you set up an account we may pre-populate certain account information based on the information we collect about you from other users;
Verify your identity and prevent fraud or other unauthorized or illegal activity;
The facial information will be collected from your given pictures by normal interaction. We use it only for the function you are using currently. This information is processed in real time for providing mentioned features only. Which means, the facial information is neither saved on our servers nor shared with any third parties.The face data won’t be stored at user’s device hard driver;
4. How We Share Information
1) Your account information (e.g., email address, password, and phone number) will be encrypted as soon as you register for the Service, and we store and process such encrypted information in the United States or any other country in which we maintain facilities.
We will use commercially reasonable safeguards and take reasonable steps to keep the information encrypted at all times, so that the information will not be decrypted and accessible.
2) You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information, and for controlling access to the service at all times as we are not able to decrypt and access your encrypted account information.
We won’t share your facial information as we don’t upload your facial information to the server.
5. Privacy Policy Changes
We may modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please review it periodically. We may provide you additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as appropriate under the circumstances. Your continued use of GodImage or the Service after any modification to this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such modification.
6. Connect Us
If you have problems, complaint, report about privacy protect when you is using GodImage or service, please send email to god_guiter1@163.com.
本网站由阿里云提供云计算及安全服务
Powered by
CloudDream