Go back
PRIVACY POLICY – RADIOLINE
Last update: December 10th, 2021
1. Who we are
2. Purpose of this Privacy Policy
3. Personal data we collect
4. Why we collect and process your personal data?
5. Sharing your personal data
6. Data transfers to other countries
7. Personal data retention
8. Personal data deletion
9. Children
10. Personal data security
11. Your rights
12. Cookies
13. How to contact us
1. Who we are
RADIOLINE SAS is a French company (hereinafter “RADIOLINE”, “we” or “us”), having its registered
office at 115-123 avenue Charles de Gaulle, 92200 Neuilly-sur-Seine.
RADIOLINE is a radio service provider on different devices including a website
https://www.radioline.co/, application on mobile, connected TV or automotive devices (hereinafter
the “
Service
”), which places great importance on the privacy and protection of your personal data.
All personal data collected on the Service are collected and processed by the entity RADIOLINE as the
data processor in accordance with this policy (hereinafter the “
Privacy Policy
”).
2. Purpose of this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes why and what information we collect and why we process your personal
data, as well as your
rights
as regard your personal data collected by RADIOLINE.
If you have any question as regards this Privacy Policy you can contact us via the following email
address: contact@radioline.co
3. Personal data we collect
A personal data is any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual.
Your personal data can be directly furnished by you when signing up for a Radioline Account, or by
third parties (as when you sign up via your Facebook account, or via cookies provided by Google
Analytics as detailed in section 12), or directly by RADIOLINE when you use the Service.
We collect and process your personal data which you have provided to us in the following contexts in
particular:
When you use the Service
, whether or not you have sign up for an account, we collect: your
unique identifier (
IP address
) tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using to access
the Service. This helps us maintain your
language preferences
as well as your
favorites
and
history
, it also help us to offer you our catalogue adapted to your
country/region
. Some of
those personal data are collected by cookies.
In addition,
when you sign in for a Radioline Account
, we also collect information that we
store for your personal account: when signing up you provide RADIOLINE with personal
information that includes: your
email address
, your password, your
country
, your
gender
,
your
date of birth
, your
profession
and your communication preferences. We also collect
information, such as your device identification, relating to the devices you use to access the
Service. You can choose to add to your Radioline Account your
first name
and your
last name
.
As for
premium account
please note that all payments are processed via third party payment
processors,
RADIOLINE does not store any of your payment information
.
4. Why we collect and process your personal data?
On the basis of your
consent
, we use your personal data for the following purposes:
To provide personalized services;
To improve our Service;
For technical assistance purposes;
To interact with you (for example if we update our Privacy Policy);
For marketing, promotion and advertising purpose;
To comply with legal obligations and law enforcement requests.
5. Sharing your personal data
When signing in for a Radioline Account you can chose to register in connection with
third
  party applications, services or devices
(such as social media applications, televisions,
automotive platforms) which interact with the Service.
In order to fix issues on the Service we can share your personal data with our
technical services
  provider
and to
subcontractors
.
We might share your personal data to
advertising partners
, unless you subscribe to a paid
version of our Service.
We might share your personal data in order to comply with
legal obligations
, or in response
to
legal or administrative proceedings
of any kind or enforcement measures requested by the
competent authorities.
6. Data transfers to other countries
Your personal data are stored in the European Union, no transfer will be performed outside this region.
7. Personal data retention
We keep your personal data during the length of your inscription to the Service, and five (5) years,
from the closure of your Radioline Account or from your last connection if you have not signed up for
a Radioline Account, for achieving purposes (apart from the cookies which have a shorter length as
described in section 12).
8. Personal data deletion
When you contact us to delete your Radioline Account, we undertake to delete your personal data and
to use only those necessary for the provision of the Service or anonymize your personal data so it no
longer identifies you, unless we are required to keep part or all of them to comply with legal obligations
or proceedings. To close your account, you may contact us at provided in section 13.
9. Children
RADIOLINE does not knowingly collect or retain personally identifiable information about persons
under 13 years of age. Any person who provides their personal information to RADIOLINE via the
Service represents that they are 13 years of age or older. Nevertheless, children are allowed to use the
Service under parents’ supervision. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor the activity
of those under 13 years of age. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has
provided his personal data to RADIOLINE without an adult agreement, please contact us, and we will
make every effort to delete that information from our databases.
10. Personal data security
RADIOLINE is committed to protecting its users' personal data. We implement appropriate technical
and organizational measures to help protect the security of your personal data. However, be aware
that no system is ever completely secure.
11. Your rights
You have the following rights regarding your personal data:
Access
: you have the right to (i) access your Radioline Account and update your information,
to (ii) obtain confirmation as to whether personal data concerning you is processed or not
and, if processed, to (iii) obtain access to such data and a copy thereof;
Rectification
: you have the right to obtain the rectification of any inaccurate personal data
concerning you. You also have the right to have incomplete personal data completed,
including by means of providing a supplementary statement;o Erasure: in some cases, you have the right to obtain the erasure of personal data concerning
you. However, this is not an absolute right and RADIOLINE may have legal or legitimate
grounds for keeping certain data for the provision of the Service;
Restriction
: in some cases, you have the right to obtain restriction of the processing of your
personal data;
Data Portability
: you have the right to receive the personal data concerning you which you
have provided to RADIOLINE, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format,
and you have the right to transmit those data to third parties without hindrance from
RADIOLINE. This right only applies when the processing of your personal data is based on
your consent or on a contract and such processing is carried out by automated means;
Object
: you have the right to object at any time, on grounds relating to your particular
situation, to processing of personal data concerning you when such processing is based on
the legitimate interest of RADIOLINE. RADIOLINE may, however, invoke compelling
legitimate grounds for continued processing;
Complaint
: you have the right to contact the supervisory authority to complain about
RADIOLINE’s personal data protection practices.
To exercise one or more of these rights, you can contact us at the email address indicated in Section 13.
In the event that you are not satisfied by our answer to your request, you are entitled to contact the
personal data protection authority concerned.
12. Cookies
Cookies are files which are downloaded to your device when you visit a website. They are useful as
they allow a website to recognize a user's device.
RADIOLINE may place cookies to enable optimal user experience on the Services when you visit our
website or applications.
Category
Cookie name
Lifetime
Purpose
Source
Content
PillowLocale
1 month
to align the content with the user’s country
Radioline
Statistics
_ga
12 months
to store and count pageviews
Third (Google Analytics)
Statistics
_ga_7XKQ3RC053
12 months
to identify unique users
Third (Google Analytics)
Statistics
_gat
1 minute
to read and filter requests from bots.
Third (Google Analytics)
Statistics
_gid
1 day
to store and count page views
Third (Google Analytics)
Language
Session-pillow
12 months
to align the language of Radioline the service to the user’s device
Radioline
13. How to contact us
For any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, contact us at: contact@radioline.co