For the best experience with your screen reader, we recommend that you use another browser or upgrade to the latest version of Microsoft Edge.
Skip to main content
Jump to
:
Sections of this page
Sections of this site
Accessibility Help
Press alt + / to open this menu
Log In
Language
Help
Language
Contact Us
Select Language
English
Français (Canada)
Español (México)
日本語 (日本)
한국어 (대한민국)
中文 (繁體)
中文 (简体)
Português (Brasil)
Italiano (Italia)
Deutsch (Deutschland)
English (United Kingdom)
Русский (Россия)
Nederlands (Nederland)
Español (España)
Français (France)
Português (Portugal)
Tiếng Việt (Việt Nam)
ไทย (ไทย)
Polski (Polska)
Magyar (Magyarország)
Čeština (Česká republika)
English (Australia)
Türkçe (Türkiye)
Dansk (Danmark)
Svenska (Sverige)
Suomi (Suomi)
Norsk bokmål (Norge)
Bahasa Melayu (Malaysia)
Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesia)
Privacy Notice
ACHIEVERS PLATFORM PRIVACY NOTICE
Last Updated: Publish Date March 10th, 2025.
Effective April 10th, 2025
Link to previous version
INTRODUCTION
At Achievers, we believe privacy is a fundamental right and we recognize the importance of privacy in providing our employee engagement solution to our customers and their employees. We are providing this Privacy Notice as part of our commitment to transparency about how we collect, use, and share the personal information entrusted to us.
Achievers Solutions Inc. (together with our affiliates and subsidiaries, which are collectively referred to as
“Achievers”
), operates a “Software-as-a-Service” business model, providing subscription-based services to our customers. We sell a software service directly to companies, such as your Employer. We do not sell your data, your Employer’s data, or monetize it through advertising. Your Employer controls the data entered into our Platform and determines its use.
In this Privacy Notice, when we use words like “we,” “our,” or “us,” we are referring to Achievers. When we use words like “Member,” “you,” or “your,” we are referring to you, an employee or other authorized user of the Achievers Platform. When we use the words “Customer” or “Employer,” we are referring to the company who has contracted with Achievers for our various employee engagement, recognition, and rewards services (collectively, the
“Services”
), which are offered through our web-based application and associated mobile apps and plug-ins (collectively, the
“Platform”
). When we use the term “Member Data,” we are referring to any information that Achievers is processing about you, our Member, which is provided to us by your Employer, which you may provide to us directly, which we may gather about you through automated or technical means, or which we may observe about you while you use our Platform.
SCOPE OF THIS NOTICE
Around the world, data protection laws frequently distinguish between “Data Controllers” who are responsible for determining how and why personal data is processed, and “Data Processors” who are service providers tasked with performing processing functions on behalf of a Data Controller. Data Processors do not make the decisions about how and why data is processed, and Data Processors have no independent rights to do anything with the data; they must adhere to the instructions given to them by the Data Controller.
Who
Achievers functions as a Data Processor, performing tasks in accordance with the instructions provided by your Employer, the Data Controller. This Notice only applies to the data processing practices of Achievers on this Platform while delivering the Services to you on behalf of your Employer. It does not apply to your Employer’s practices generally or to your Employer’s use of your data outside of the Platform. If you have any questions regarding your Employer’s privacy policies or how they use your data, either within or outside of the Platform, you should contact the Program Administrator for your Employer’s usage of this Platform.
What
This Notice covers the processing of personal data collected as a part of your usage of and interactions with the Platform, including information about you that we have received from your Employer, information you provide directly when using the Platform, and data automatically generated or collected, such as usage patterns and device information. This Notice also describes how we collect and process your personal information (which includes “personal data” or “personal information” as defined under applicable data protection laws) and provides you with information about the rights you have regarding such data.
Where
This Notice applies to data processing activities of Achievers globally, no matter where you or our systems are located. Because we offer our services on a global basis, and because our Customer’s employees may be located anywhere in the world, your data may be transferred across borders and may be processed in a country other than the country in which you reside. When we move data across borders, we do so in compliance with applicable privacy laws and regulations, which we explain further below.
When
This Notice governs the processing activities performed by Achievers in its role as a Data Processor, acting solely on behalf of your Employer (the Data Controller). All processing of Member Data is conducted in accordance with instructions received from your Employer, and Achievers has no independent authority to use or control your Member Data. This Notice applies from your first usage of the Platform.
As a feature of our Platform, you, as a Member, may have the ability to input personal data, access data you previously provided, and in some cases, modify or delete that data. However, these functions do not transfer control of the data to you. Your use of the Platform and any data processing conducted through it remain under the control of your Employer. Achievers acts only as a Data Processor and adheres strictly to the directives set forth by your Employer.
This Notice also applies to any collection or processing of Member Data by the Achievers mobile app and the Achievers Connect Plugin for productivity platforms (such as Gmail, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft Teams, Microsoft SharePoint, Workplace by Facebook, etc.). It also applies to those channels through which individuals communicate with us about the Platform and Services, such as Customer Service, whether in person, by telephone, by postal mail, email, or other means.
Links to third-party websites may also be provided solely for your convenience; when you go to those sites, your experience there is subject to the privacy notices and terms of use of those third-party sites, not ours, unless you are explicitly provided notice otherwise.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Member Data Provided by Your Employer and You
In order to provide the Services, your Employer has instructed us to collect and process the following information:
Data Received from Your Employer: Your Employer provides us with your name, position or job title, your business contact information (e.g., email address, office location, phone number), and other relevant information necessary to provide you access to the Platform.
Data Received from You: While using the Platform, you may choose to provide additional data, such as a shipping address (for redeeming rewards), your mobile phone number (for receiving Platform-related communications), or information about you or other Members (e.g., when recognizing colleagues or commenting on other recognitions or celebrations).
Sensitive Data
Achievers does not intentionally collect sensitive personal data and discourages its submission to the Platform. Sensitive data includes information about race and ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, gender identity, sexual orientation, trade union membership, financial account identifiers (e.g. credit card numbers or bank account numbers), government issued identifiers (e.g. social insurance numbers, health card numbers), or health-related data. However:
If specifically required by your Employer, and subject to appropriate legal agreements, we may process data that may be considered within the scope of healthcare privacy laws, such as the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA).
Your Employer may choose to use the Platform in ways that could, either intentionally or unintentionally, capture information that could be considered sensitive.
If Achievers identifies sensitive data on the Platform, we will treat it in accordance with this Notice, but we reserve the right to notify your Employer and may delete it or request its removal.
Automatically Collected Data
Achievers may automatically collect certain information during your use of the Platform through technologies like cookies, web beacons, and usage analytics. The information that may be collected includes:
Domain name, browser type, operating system, IP address, and date/time stamps for certain actions;
Device details, such as device ID, device name and model, location and language information;
Usage metrics, such as the length of time you are logged into the Platform, page views, and referring URL; a
Interaction details, such as what items in your news feed have already been viewed, what notifications you have read, which pages you have interacted with.
We may combine this information with other information that we have collected about you, including, where applicable, your username, name, and other Member Data. Please see the section “Purposes of Processing” below for more information.
Cookies
The Achievers Platform website uses “cookies” to allow Members to interact with the Platform. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on your computer by a website. Cookies may contain a unique session identification number, the IP address or domain name of the originating site, and the last access time. You can manage how your browser responds to cookies, including by blocking cookies, notifying you when you receive a cookie, and allowing you to delete certain cookies. Some cookies are essential for the basic functioning of the Platform, including certain security features. Other cookies may be considered optional, however, if you block or disable cookies, you may not be able to use some of the features available on the Platform.
Additional information regarding cookies and how to manage your cookie preferences may also be available in the cookie preferences panel.
Web Beacons
Achievers uses images embedded in e-mail messages called “web beacons.” Web beacons are tiny or clear images that allow Achievers to determine if a message has been opened. It also allows Achievers to determine the IP address of the user that opened it and to access any Achievers cookies. We may use this information in the aggregate to assess and improve our email messages. Email web beacons can be disabled by turning off HTML display and displaying text only or by turning off image display while still using HTML within your email client.
“Do Not Track”
The Platform does not respond to web browser “Do Not Track” (DNT) settings or headers. However, Achievers does not track Member Data of Members on the Platform over time, across third party web sites, or via online services. Achievers also does not authorize or enable any third party to collect Platform usage Member Data through any advertising technology.
PURPOSES OF PROCESSING
Achievers will only collect, use, disclose, and otherwise process Member Data under the instructions of your Employer or where otherwise permitted or required by law. Achievers processes this data on behalf of Customers to provide the Services, and as otherwise directed by your Employer under the terms of our commercial agreement (the
“Customer Agreement”
). Achievers may also receive data directly from you as a result of your usage of the Platform, however any such data is collected and processed under the instructions provided by your Employer as a part of their purchase of the Services.
Subject to any requirements or restrictions in our Customer Agreements, we generally process Member Data as follows:
to create an account and profile to enable Members to access and use the Platform;
to provide Members with the information, products or Services they have requested from us;
to operate our Platform in accordance with the terms of our relevant Customer Agreement;
for security authentication and to verify that Members are authorized to use the Services;
to process, evaluate and complete transactions and as necessary to provide the Services and operate the Platform;
to operate, evaluate, maintain, and develop the Services (including by monitoring and analyzing trends and usage statistics);
to respond to Member and Customer requests;
to provide Members with documentation or communications which Members have requested;
to correspond with Members to resolve their queries or complaints;
to send communications to Members as directed by Customer or other Members;
to manage, protect against and investigate fraud, risk exposure, claims and other liabilities, including but not limited to violation of our contract terms, laws or regulations, and to protect and prevent misuse of the Platform.
Disclosure of Member Data
We share Member Data under specific circumstances, as described below:
Affiliated Entities
Achievers may share Member Data with our affiliated businesses (
“Affiliates”
) as part of our business operations and administration of the Services. These Affiliates provide services to us, or on our behalf, and we have executed agreements that require them to follow appropriate safeguards to protect Member Data consistent with applicable data protection laws and our contractual agreements with our Customers.
Agents and Service Providers
Achievers may share Member Data with selected third parties (
“Service Providers”
) who provide services to us or perform services on our behalf. These Service Providers, where they function as “Data Subprocessors” are subject to our written instructions that are consistent with the instructions we’ve received from your Employer. Certain of these services may only be available if your Employer has specifically requested that they be activated, and may include:
Fulfillment partners for reward redemptions who may require access to your physical mailing address, name, or email address, to deliver rewards.
Payment processors who may process credit card or gift card payments to assist with certain redemption transactions or to purchase additional points.
Customer support services, support “chatbots,” and automated support tools that may require access to user data in order to resolve issues.
Hosting and Infrastructure Providers who host the Platform applications and databases that power the Services.
Email delivery services and Communications tools who send transactional emails, system notifications, shipping or delivery notices, or multi-factor authentication codes.
Recommendation services who identify products that Members can redeem with their available points.
Achievers has contractual agreements with Service Providers which require them to provide privacy and security protections as required by applicable data protection laws. Achievers does not transfer Member Data to a third party for the third party’s own use. Achievers may be liable under the data protection laws if one of its third-party processors processes Member Data in a manner inconsistent with the such applicable data protection laws, if Achievers is responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
When redeeming certain rewards, a third party—such as a gift card provider, travel agency, credit card processor, or fulfillment service—may act as an independent Data Controller. These activities might also involve transferring your data to another country. In such cases, you will receive notice, either as an acknowledgement when redeeming your reward at checkout, or via a separate interface with details from the third party. Please note that any data you share with these third parties will be subject to their own privacy policies.
Your Employer
As a Data Processor, Achievers will disclose Member Data to your Employer. Your Employer and its designated administrator(s) will be able to access all information you provide to the Platform, including information you post or send through it, and information regarding any transactions or redemptions you make on the Platform. For example, your Employer may need your Member Data for the purpose of calculating, deducting and/or paying income tax in respect taxable benefits in accordance with your Employer’s policies and applicable law. Where applicable, Member Data provided through Achievers’ Feedback product may be masked or otherwise concealed to promote your privacy interests, however, your Employer may unmask or re-associate Member Data with your identity. Achievers has no control, and is not responsible for how your Employer may access, use and disclose Member Data. For more information on how your Employer may collect, use, disclose, or otherwise process your Member Data, please contact your Employer.
Member Content
Some areas of our Platform may allow you to upload or publish your own content to an area of the Platform that may be viewed by some or all other Members who have access to your Employer’s Platform, such as your colleagues (
“Posting”
). You may also make Postings external to the Platform (e.g., on social media). Such Postings may be associated with your name and any Member Data that you choose to include in such Posting. Achievers cannot control, and is not responsible for how any third parties, including your colleagues and/or your Employer, may use such information. If you choose to include Member Data in a Posting you post on the Platform, you consent to the disclosure of that Member Data. If you do not wish to publish your Member Data in this manner, please do not include it in a Posting you post to any area of the Platform that may be viewed by other users. Except mentioning the name of another Member or using the @-mention function to tag another Member in a Posting made to the Platform, you may not include the Member Data of any other individual in your Postings unless you have their consent.
Connect Plugins
Achievers Connect plugins for productivity platforms like Gmail, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft Teams, Microsoft SharePoint, and Workplace by Facebook require the member’s email address to connect user profiles across the Achievers platform and the target productivity tools. For Gmail and Microsoft Outlook, the Connect plugin uses the To, CC and BCC fields from emails in the Inbox or other folders to identify nominators and nominees for a recognition being posted to the Achievers platform.
Other Disclosures
Achievers may use or disclose your Member Data to comply with a subpoena, court-ordered discovery, a warrant, a lawful government request, or similar legal process. If Achievers is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, or in the event of a bankruptcy or dissolution of our business, your personal information may be transferred to an acquiring business or third party, including in contemplation of or related to due diligence for such business transactions, subject to any applicable restrictions under applicable laws. Achievers may use or disclose your Member Data if we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to respond to claims asserted against us; to protect our rights; to protect vital interests including your safety or the safety of others; or, to investigate or prevent fraud.
Achievers may also use, or disclose Member Data to third parties, if Achievers has reason to believe that using or disclosing such information is necessary to: (i) conduct investigations of possible breaches of law; (ii) identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be violating an agreement they have with us; (iii) investigate security breaches or cooperate with government authorities pursuant to a legal matter; or (iv) to protect our rights, safety or property, and/or the rights, safety, and property of our Customers, Members of our Platform, and any other persons. Lastly, we may disclose Member Data for any other purpose for which you have consented or as instructed by your Employer.
Anonymized Data
Under our Agreement with your Employer, Achievers may use anonymized and aggregated Member Data to analyze trends, improve our Platform, and perform benchmarking across customers. To ensure that no personally identifiable information can be attributed to an individual, even indirectly, we implement robust anonymization techniques. When a company, department, or team is too small to effectively anonymize data, we aggregate the data to progressively higher levels within the organization—such as division, region, or entire company—until it is no longer possible to attribute the information to any individual. This process adheres to applicable privacy laws and data protection standards, ensuring insights are generated in a way that protects individual privacy.
Artificial Intelligence (AI) in the Platform
The Achievers Platform includes optional AI-driven features designed to enhance user experience and support workplace engagement. These features operate solely as tools to assist users and to make suggestions, which users are free to accept or ignore. The AI features do not make automated decisions or generate outputs tied to any individual's personal data or identity. We do not use AI to build user profiles, perform behavioral ad targeting, or generate data linked to any user’s identity or personal data. Achievers is committed to transparency and ensuring that our AI tools align with privacy best practices and comply with applicable data protection laws; For more information regarding our AI practices, please see our
AI Principles
. If you have concerns about any AI features that have been enabled by your Employer, we encourage you to reach out to your Employer directly.
Children
Achievers’ Services are provided to Employers (our Customers) and their employees (the Members) and are not directed towards children. The Platform is not designed for or intended to be used by children, which we define as anyone under thirteen (13) years of age. We do not knowingly collect data from children and we request that children not be permitted to use or otherwise provide personal information through the Platform.
Security
The security of your Member Data is important to us. We have implemented safeguards designed to protect the Member Data submitted to us, both during transmission and once it is received, including encrypting the transmission information (where appropriate). However, please note that no transmission over the Internet is 100% secure. If you have any questions about the security of your Member Data, you can contact us at
privacy.office@achievers.com
.
Data Integrity
Achievers will take steps to keep your Member Data accurate, complete and up-to-date. Members will have the ability to review much of the Member Data we have collected about them on the Platform. To make a request (e.g., access or correction of your Member Data), please see the “Your Rights” section below.
Retention
We act as a Data Processor and handle your information according to the instructions provided by your Employer. It is our policy to retain your data only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected and processed, including our contractual obligations with your Employer. Unless otherwise directed by your Employer, we may retain your information for the duration of our agreement with them, as long as your account is active, or as required to provide you with the Services. Additionally, we may retain data for longer periods as required by applicable laws or regulations.
Even if your Employer instructs us to delete certain information, legal or regulatory requirements may obligate us to retain a copy of specific data for a longer period. Unless otherwise mandated by law, regulation, or legal process, most data that we are required to retain will be deleted after seven (7) years. This retention period ensures compliance with legal obligations, resolution of disputes, maintenance of business records, and enforcement of legal agreements. For the avoidance of doubt and in accordance with regulatory guidance, where we are required by law to retain certain data, we may be deemed to act as a limited Controller only to the extent necessary to comply with such legal obligations. This limited Controller role applies solely to the retention and related compliance activities imposed by law. For the duration of any required retention and notwithstanding any limited Controller status, all such data will continue to be maintained and processed in accordance with this Privacy Notice and we will continue to act in a manner consistent with our role as a Data Processor and will limit any use of retained data strictly to fulfilling these legal requirements, without further processing for any other purpose.
YOUR RIGHTS
For EU Residents
The European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) gives you certain rights, including: a right to be notified of our data collection practices; the purposes and lawful bases under which we process your data; if our legitimate interests are a basis for processing, what those interests are; the categories of data processed; the categories of third parties with whom data is shared; the details of any data transfers outside of the EU and the safeguards in place; the applicable retention periods or policies; the right to access, correct, and delete (under certain circumstances) your personal information; the right to receive a copy of your information in a “portable” form so that you may transfer it to other services; the right to withdraw consent for processing; the right to lodge a complaint with a data protection authority; the right to be advised of the existence of any automated decision-making, including profiling, and the right to object such decisions; and, the right to withdraw consent without detriment. This Notice provides details regarding how we honor those rights in the context of our role as a Data Processor to your Employer.
For California Consumers
California law gives you certain rights, including: a right to be notified of (and to request more information about) our data collection practices; the categories of data we process; the categories of third parties with whom data is shared; the right to request disclosure (up to twice per year) of the personal information we have about you or have had within the last 12 months: the right to delete that information (under certain circumstances); the right to know if your data is being sold; the right to know what personal information is being sold and to opt-out of such sales (if applicable); the right to receive a copy of your information in a “portable” form so that you may transfer it to other services; and, the right to not be discriminated against for exercising these rights. This Notice provides details on how we honor those rights in the context of our role as a service provider to your Employer.
How to Exercise Your Rights
To exercise your rights under applicable privacy laws regarding access, correction, or deletion of your Member Data, or for other related requests, please contact your Employer. We will collaborate with your Employer as needed, providing the information required to address your request. As a data processor, Achievers processes your data strictly according to your Employer's instructions. Your Employer must instruct us on how to assist them in addressing your rights.
Achievers will only refuse access, deletion, or modification of information about you where permitted or required by applicable privacy laws. If Achievers refuses access, deletion, or modification to your Member Data, it will provide you with the reasons for its refusal upon request. Exceptions may include information that contains references to other individuals, information that cannot be disclosed for legal, security or commercial proprietary reasons, and information that is subject to solicitor-client or litigation privilege. Achievers will work with your Employer to respond to your requests for access in accordance with applicable privacy laws.
ENFORCEMENT AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION
Achievers will conduct periodic assessments to validate its continued adherence to this Platform Privacy Notice. If you have a question or dispute about our handling of your Member Data, please contact us at using the information in the
“Contact Us”
section below.
Achievers will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints and disputes regarding the use and disclosure of Member Data in accordance with the principles contained in this Platform Privacy Notice. Achievers agrees to cooperate with data protection authorities located in the European Union or authorized representatives for disputes received from the European Union.
In compliance with the Data Privacy Framework program, Achievers has committed to participating in an alternative dispute resolution process in the event of unresolved complaints regarding our processing practices. Please see the section “Data Privacy Framework” for more information.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
Subject to our Customer Agreements, the Member Data that we collect from you may be transferred to, processed, or stored at a location outside the local jurisdiction, including the US, Canada, the UK, and other locations. This means that Achievers may be required to disclose your Member Data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, the courts, law enforcement, or national security authorities in that other jurisdiction.
We will take steps to ensure that your Member Data receives an equivalent level of protection as required by laws of that jurisdiction, including by entering into data transfer agreements. For transfers from the EU, UK, or Switzerland to the US, Achievers relies on adequacy decisions by the EU Commission or putting in place Standard Contractual Clauses (or equivalent) as approved by applicable supervisory bodies (such as the European Commission Standard Contractual Clauses which can be found here:
EU Commission Standard Contractual Clauses
).
Data Privacy Framework
Achievers, through its US affiliate Achievers LLC, complies with the EU-US Data Privacy Framework (“EU-US DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF, and the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss DPF”) as set forth by the US Department of Commerce.
Achievers has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-US Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-US DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-US DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF. Achievers has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-US DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-US DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Data Privacy Framework Notice and the EU-US DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-US DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit the official
DPF website.
Achievers is responsible for the processing of Member Data it receives under instructions from your Employer and received under the EU-US DPF and Swiss-US DPF and subsequently transfers to third-parties acting as agent on your Employer’s behalf. Achievers complies with the EU-US and Swiss-US DPF Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU, UK, and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions. The U.S. Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Achievers’ compliance with the EU-US DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF, and the Swiss-US DPF.  Achievers may, in certain situations, be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Achievers also commits to cooperation and compliance with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs), the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) (and the Gibraltar Regulatory Authority (GRA)), and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning the handling of Member Data processed in reliance on the EU-US DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF, and the Swiss-US DPF.
You may, under certain circumstances, have the opportunity to invoke binding arbitration to address complaints that are not otherwise resolved through other DPF mechanisms. Further information can be found on the official
DPF website.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
This Notice is subject to change, so if this is your first time reading it, please make sure it is not the last. If we make any changes to this Notice, we will post those changes on this page and revise the “Last Updated” date at the top. If we make any changes to the ways in which we process your information that could be reasonably be considered material or substantial, we will make additional efforts to notify you of those changes, either by email or via a prominent notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. Where required by law, we will obtain your consent or give you the opportunity to opt out of such changes. Any changes will become effective when we post the revised Notice.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions or concerns about your Member Data held by Achievers or about the compliance by Achievers with Achievers Platform Privacy Notice, please contact our Privacy Office or contact your Program Administrator as indicated below.
By Regular Mail
Achievers
c/o Achievers Solutions Inc.
Attn: Privacy Office
99 Atlantic Ave. 7th Floor
Toronto, Ontario, M6K 3J8
Canada
By Email
privacy.office@achievers.com
Other Queries or Complaints
If you have any further queries or complaints that we are not able to answer, you are recommended to contact the Data Privacy Supervisory Authority for the country in which you reside. A list of EU/EEA Data Protection Authorities can be found via the
European Data Protection Board website
. A list of data protection authorities in other countries/regions can be found on
Wikipedia
.