Privacy Policy
The AuroraWatch UK app and website are provided by Progress Concepts Limited, based in England, and are intended for use as is.
Your data and privacy are important and we are committed to protecting your personal data and maintaining the trust and confidence of our users and visitors. We aim to be as clear as possible about how and why we use personal information about you. In particular, we want you to know that Progress Concepts is not in the business of selling, renting or trading email lists with other companies and businesses for marketing purposes. We just don’t do that sort of thing.
This privacy policy applies to all information collected or submitted in the AuroraWatch UK app or website.
We only collect information about you if we have a reason to do so; for example, to provide our service, to communicate with you, or to help improve our service.
By using the AuroraWatch UK app or website, you consent to our privacy policy, which should be read in conjunction with our
Terms of Use
.
What information we collect about you
We collect contact details (such as your email and name) when you sign up for marketing updates from us, when you submit a support request, or when you do things like completing surveys. We may also collect opinions or additional data about you through any resulting communication with our team.
When using the AuroraWatch UK app, if you enable notifications, we collect a token (ID) that relates to your device.
When using the AuroraWatch UK app, we collect information about how you use the app. This includes non-personally identifiable information like time, which screens you visit, device information such as device type, operating system version, AuroraWatch UK app configuration and crash logs. When this data is sent to a server, your IP address is included and will be logged as it is with any internet traffic.
When visiting this website, we collect non-personally identifiable information such as when you visited, what pages you looked at, information about your operating system, device and browser version. This data is gathered using commonly used tools such as cookies. When you use the website, your IP address is included and will be logged as it is with any website.
Why we collect personal information about you and what we do with it
Where we have an obligation as a provider of the AuroraWatch UK app and our website (for the ‘performance of a contract’)
To provide you with our service.
Where we have your permission (‘consent’)
To provide you with news about exciting new apps or updates that we think will be interesting to you. If you subscribe to emails, you can change your mind at any time by hitting the unsubscribe link which can be found in the footer of any marketing emails we send.
Where we have a justifiable reason (‘legitimate interests’)
To enhance or improve your experience with us.
To deliver notifications to your device when you have specifically opted in to receive them.
To aggregate information about how you use the AuroraWatch UK app or our website together with that of other users so that we can better understand the way they are used through analytics. We do this to operate and improve the AuroraWatch UK app, our website and customer support.
To help keep the AuroraWatch UK app and our website safe and secure.
Who we share your information with
We do not sell, rent or trade your information to anyone and only pass it to our trusted partners and service providers who work with us to run our business.
We may pass your information to service providers who work for us such as server hosts, support ticket management providers and analytics providers.
We may also pass your information to the AuroraWatch UK team at Lancaster University who run the AuroraWatch UK Service.
We may disclose your information in response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal requirements; to exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud or abuse, violations of our policies; or to protect our rights and property.
In the future, we may sell to, buy, merge with, or partner with other businesses. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets.
Progress Concepts Limited will not share your information for marketing purposes with outside companies.
How long do we keep your personal information
How long we keep your personal information depends on why we have it and what we’re doing with it.
Data collected from using the website such as IP address is deleted after 100 days.
Transferring information outside the EEA
Your personal information may be processed outside the European Economic Area (EEA) where privacy laws may not provide protection to the same level as in the UK. Before any transfer takes place we will take steps to ensure that your personal information will be adequately protected as required by the UK Data Protection Act and that standard safeguards are in place.
Children’s Privacy
The AuroraWatch UK app and our website do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to take the necessary actions.
Your rights and choices
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) gives you a number of rights.
You can contact us (see How to contact us below) if you wish to discuss any of these.
The right to be informed: You have the right to be informed about the collection and use of their personal data. This is why we’re providing you with the information in this Privacy Policy.
The right of access: You have the right to ask us for copies of your personal information.
The right to rectification: You’re entitled to have your information corrected if it’s inaccurate or incomplete. Just let us know where to make the changes!
The right to erasure: In some circumstances, including where we are relying on your consent to use your data, you have a right to request us to delete your information.
The right to restrict processing: If we are using your data for activities under the ‘legitimate interest’ justification and in other circumstances, then you have a right to request restriction of processing and also a right to object to that processing.
The right to data portability: This only applies to information you have given us. You have the right to ask that we transfer the information you gave us from one organisation to another, or give it to you. The right only applies if we are processing information based on your consent or under, or in talks about entering into a contract and the processing is automated.
The right to object: You have the right to object to certain types of processing, including processing for direct marketing (which we do only with your consent).
Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling: We use technology which uses logic that analyses your preferences and how you use our products and services, which helps us to improve your customer experience, and we may use this to allow us to make ads more relevant for you.
Keeping your information secure
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information. We we strive to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
We will take all reasonable and proportionate steps to protect your personal information.
How we use cookies
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information. This information is used to track visitor use of our website and to compile statistical reports on website activity.
For further information visit
www.aboutcookies.org
or
www.allaboutcookies.org
.
External links and content
The AuroraWatch UK app and our website may contain links to other websites. These links may be direct or via adverts. This privacy policy only applies to the AuroraWatch UK app and website, so when you link to other websites you should read their own privacy policies.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review, and will place any updates on this web page. Your continued use of the AuroraWatch UK app or our website after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
This privacy policy was last updated on 1st May 2020.
Partners Privacy
We may employ partners (Data Processors) to assist us in providing AuroraWatch UK or our website. These partners may therefore have access to Personal Information. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
To make them easier to find, here are links to some of our partners’ privacy policies who help us provide our service. These are the responsibility of our partner companies, and not Progress Concepts Limited.
Firebase & Google Analytics
How to contact us
If you have any questions about our privacy policy or any information we hold about you, please contact Progress Concepts Limited by email
info@progressconcepts.com
.