Home
Product
Applications
Download
Help Center
FAQ
User Manual
English
English
Deutsch
Français
中文
中文繁体
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Cybrook Privacy Policy
At Cybrook, we are committed to building products and services
              that are not only secure and safe, but also preserve the privacy
              of our users and customers. Cybrook can collect certain
              information that is essential to the use and improvement of our
              products and services. We do not collect unnecessary personal
              information. This privacy policy is applicable to users who access
              our websites, use our software, or our other products and
              services. Products, services, software, and websites are
              collectively called “Software” hereafter in this document, unless
              specifically states otherwise.
You may find links to third-party applications or websites within
              Cybrook Software. Any access to third-party links may result in
              having your information collected by third- parties. Third
              -parties may have a different privacy policy and we encourage you
              to review the privacy policy of any sites or products and services
              you interact with before allowing the collection and use of your
              personal information.
1. The information we collect
In order to use our products and services, you need to login with
              your user account. This information is used to identify you as our
              customer so we know who is using our Software. We may also collect
              information with regards as to how you use our Software, such as
              mobile device ID, device name, OS type, version, IP addresses,
              network status, location information, the time, duration, and the
              specific features you used of our software. By using our software,
              you agree to the collection of such information by us.
You may also be asked to provide some personal information (such
              as your name, your credit card number, your address, telephone
              numbers, etc) in order to download or purchase certain features of
              our software. This information will only be requested and
              collected with your consent. You will have an opportunity to
              decline such requests. The personal information will only be used
              for the specific purpose when requested, and this information will
              not be used by Cybrook for any other purpose.
2. The usage of the information collected
We use the information collected from you to identify you as our
              customer identification to use our Software. We also use the
              information collected to improve our software. We may also use the
              information collected to publish certain publications or
              communications. In such cases, the personally-identifying
              information will not be disclosed.
We may provide information about our software, its updates and
              support to you through emails or messages. This may include new
              product information, special offers, or invitations to participate
              in market research.
Sometimes, personal information (such as your name, your credit
              card number, your address, telephone numbers, etc) is requested in
              order to download, purchase or subscribes certain features of our
              software. This information will only be requested and collected
              with your consent and you will have an opportunity to decline such
              requests. When provided, the personal information will be strictly
              used for the specific purpose when requested, and it will not be
              used by Cybrook for any other purpose.
We do not sell user data. However, if you have any questions,
              please contact: ccpa@trackview.co and please put CCPA Request in
              the subject line.
3. Use of Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a
              visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the
              website each time the visitor returns. Cybrook uses cookies to
              help identify and track the usage of our websites and/or software,
              and the website access preferences of our customers. Our visitors
              who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should
              set their browsers to refuse cookies before accessing our website
              or software. However, it may have the drawback that certain
              features of our websites and software may not function properly
              without the aid of cookies.
Ads associated with our Software or any of our websites may be
              delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
              These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each
              time they send you an online advertisement to compile information
              about you or others who use your computer. This information allows
              ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted
              advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you.
              This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Cybrook and does
              not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
4. Privacy of Children under age of 13
At Cybrook, we do not knowingly collect or maintain information of
              children under the age of 13 and do not target our software or
              websites to children under age of 13. We encourage parents and
              legal guardians to take an active role in their children's online
              and mobile activities and interests. If you install Cybrook
              software to the electronic devices (such as smart phones and Pads)
              of your children, you shall take full responsibility of the use of
              the software.
5. Protection of the information collected
We utilize lawfully permitted, reasonable and appropriate
              physical, technical, and administrative procedures and efforts to
              protect the information we collect. We also take reasonable
              precaution to protect your personal information from misuse, loss
              and unauthorized access.
6. Amendment to the privacy policy
Cybrook reserves the right to amend its privacy policy from time
              to time without notice. We encourage visitors or users of our
              software to frequently check this page for any changes to our
              Privacy Policy. Your continued access to the Website or use of our
              software after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute
              your acceptance of such a change.
Last update on Jan. 1, 2020
Cookies and other technologies are used on this site to offer users the
    best experience of relevant content, information and advertising.
Privacy Policy.
OK