Не удалось открыть приложение, поскольку в вашем браузере отключено использование JavaScript. Включите его и перезагрузите страницу.
Fairy Tales ~ 3D Pop-up Books!
Privacy policy
Last updated: 05/04/2017
Welcome to Fairy Tales ~ 3D Pop-up Books! We value the privacy of all of our users and we know you care about your privacy and the privacy of your children, so we created this Privacy Policy. It explains the information we collect from users and how and when we disclose or use it. By accessing or using the website, services, software, applications, and/or content made available by AmayaKids, "Fairy Tales ~ 3D Pop-up Books!" ("the Fairy Tales ~ 3D Pop-up Books! Service", “Service”, "we", and "us"), you are consenting to collection and use of your information as outlined in this Privacy Policy.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
In providing our Services, we and our service providers may collect the following information from you:
Information submitted by you when you register,such as email address, password
Information when you purchase an items such as your payment information, mailing address, and telephone number.
Information that you provide in public forums or otherwise voluntarily submit through our product features
We and our service providers may also collect information from you as you use our Services, including:
Through your browser or device: Certain information is collected by most browsers or automatically through your device, such as your Media Access Control (MAC) address, computer type (Windows or Macintosh), screen resolution, operating system name and version, device manufacturer and model, language, Internet browser type and version and the name and version of the Services you are using. We use this information to help ensure that the Services function properly.
Using cookies: Cookies are pieces of information stored directly on the computer that you are using. Cookies allow us to collect information such as browser type, time spent on the Services, pages visited, language preferences, and other traffic data. We and our service providers use the information for security purposes, to facilitate navigation, to display information more effectively, to personalize your experience while using the Services, and to recognize your computer in order to assist your use of the Services. We also gather statistical information about use of the Services in order to continually improve their design and functionality, understand how they are used and assist us with resolving questions regarding them. We may also use cookies or other technologies to track responses to our online advertisements on other sites or services. If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to automatically decline cookies or be given the choice of declining or accepting the transfer to your computer of a particular cookie (or cookies) from a particular site.
Using pixel tags and other similar technologies: Pixel tags (also known as web beacons and clear GIFs) may be used in connection with some Services to, among other things, track the actions of users of the Services (including email recipients), measure the success of our marketing campaigns and compiled statistics about usage of the Services and response rates.
IP Address: Your IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to the computer that you are using by your Internet Service Provider. An IP address may be identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever a user accesses the Services, along with the time of the visit and the pages that were visited. Collecting IP addresses is standard practices and is done automatically by many websites, applications and other services. We use IP addresses for purposes such as calculating usage levels, diagnosing server problems, and administering the Services. We may also derive your approximate location from your IP address.
By aggregating information: Aggregated information does not identify you or any other user of the Services (for example, we may aggregate information to calculate the percentage of our users who have a particular telephone area code).
HOW WE USE INFORMATION
We use these types of information in the following ways: 1) To provide you with the Service and any features or services you might request; 2) To send you updates about the Fairy Tales ~ 3D Pop-up Books! Service (including any updates on product features or policies); 3) To communicate with you about purchases or your account; 4) To provide you with personally relevant Content or product features; 5) To send you feedback on your child's reading progress; 6) To investigate and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be illegal; and/or 7) For gathering anonymous aggregate information from all our users to improve the products and services offered through the Service.
HOW WE SHARE INFORMATION
Your information may be disclosed:
To our affiliates for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
To our service providers who provide services such as website hosting, data analysis, payment processing, order fulfillment, information technology and related infrastructure provision, customer service, email delivery, auditing, and other services.
To a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
As we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
We may use and disclose information that does not identify or otherwise directly relate to an individual for any purpose, except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law. For example, we may share aggregated information publicly to demonstrate growth trends related to the usage of the Service in certain areas.
TRANSPARENCY AND CONTROLS
We understand and respect your privacy concerns at Fairy Tales ~ 3D Pop-up Books!. Accordingly, we provide you with the ability to make certain choices related to our collection, use, and sharing of your information. These choices may include:
You may edit or delete information in your user account
You may make choices regarding subscriptions, updates, and product alerts
You may tell us if you want to receive offers and promotions from us and/or third parties
You may request access to the personal information that we have collected on your account and ask us to change or delete it
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
We do not collect personal information from children under the age of 13. Any child under the age of 13 using the Fairy Tales ~ 3D Pop-up Books! Service must do so with permission from a parent. All full names, email addresses, and credit card billing information must be from a parent or guardian. We encourage parents to take an active role in their children's activities and interests on their devices. We do not use or disclose your information for any other purposes except to provide you with quality service. Any data that is shared is done so on an anonymous, aggregate basis among all users or is related to communicating reading behavior patterns to publishers.
THIRD PARTY SERVICES
Пользователь вправе: This Privacy Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information or other practices of any third parties, including any third party operating any site or service to which the Services link. The inclusion of a link on the Services does not imply endorsement of the linked site or service by us or by our affiliates. Although the Fairy Tales ~ 3D Pop-up Books! service is a safe place for kids, a child may leave the service using the iOS or Android device Home button. Should your child leave the service for another application or browser, this Privacy Policy no longer applies. We have no control over how other applications or sites collect, distribute or otherwise use your personal information or how they safeguard and secure your personal information
SECURITY
In circumstances where your personal information is collected, we use reasonable procedural and digital security measures that are designed to help protect against loss, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction of information and data, such as password protection and secure socket layer. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. If you have reason to believe the security of your account has been compromised, please immediately notify us in accordance with the “Contact Us” section below
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to change or modify our Privacy Policy from time to time by posting a revised Privacy Policy on our site. The “last updated” legend at the top of this page indicates when this Policy was last revised. As an ongoing user of the service, you will be subject to the terms of the then-current Privacy Policy. We ask that you refer to the Privacy Policy on a continuing basis so that you understand our current privacy practices.
CONTACT US
If you would like to opt out of marketing communications from Fairy Tales ~ 3D Pop-up Books! or if you would like to contact us with questions or feedback, please email: support@wowbookapp.com.