Previous
Next
Our App is SAFE and we NEVER collect data from you!
We are a registered company in Seoul, Korea, dedicating ourselves to making safe apps for all ages. We are parents ourselves and we make apps as if they were for our own kids. Please rest assured that Video Call Santa is 100% safe.
Video calls are not real calls
All our video call episodes are pre-recorded. Everything is pre-recorded, and no one is looking at or talking to your children.
We cannot see you or spy on you
The request for permission to access your camera and microphone is only so your children can appear on the chat screen and to allow your videos to be recorded.
Recordings are only for you to save or share
Only you have access to your conversation recordings. You can turn off the recording function in the Settings if you prefer.
We never have access to your information such as your name or your phone number
None of your contact information is given out. We do not collect any data from you at any time.
We never send out any marketing calls or texts
If you are getting any suspicious calls or texts, they are not from us. We do not use any telemarketing or text marketing whatsoever.
1. Introduction
1.1 We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our app users or website visitors; in this policy we explain how we will treat your personal information.
1.2 [By using our apps or website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.]
2. Credit
2.1 This document was created using a template from SEQ Legal (
http://www.seqlegal.com
).
3.1.
Requesting user permission (our apps only)
3.1.1 We may ask for the following kinds of device hardware permission to make your user experience better, but we will NEVER collect or resell your information:
(a) [access to your Photo Library so you can browse, edit, save your photos
or videos using our apps; you can upload your profile picture; and everything else that may help interact better with our apps – We NEVER store your data in our side];
(b) [access to your Camera so you can have yourself featured in video call; you can browse, edit, save your photoshoots or videos using our apps; and everything else that may help interact better with our apps – We NEVER store your data in our side];
(c) [access to your Location & Calendar so you can have your location, date and local time featured in our apps; and everything else that may help interact better with our apps – We NEVER store your data in our side];
(d) [access to your Microphone so you can have your voice input featured in our apps; and everything else that may help interact better with our apps – We NEVER store your data in our side];
(e) [any other personal information that you choose to send to us – We NEVER store your data in our side].
3.2. Collecting personal information
3.2.1 We may ask for the following kinds of personal information to make your user experience better, but we will NEVER collect or resell your information:
(a) [information about your mobile device or computer and about your visits to and use of our apps or this website (including [your IP address, your, name, your age, your profile pictures, your gender, your date of birth, your uploaded photos, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and apps or website navigation paths])];
(b) [information that you provide to us when registering with our apps or website (including [your email address])];
(c) [information that you provide when completing your profile on our apps or apps or website (including [your name, profile pictures, gender, date of birth, relationship status, interests and hobbies, educational details and employment details])];
(d) [information that you provide to us when using the services on our apps or website, or that is generated in the course of the use of those services (including [the timing, frequency and pattern of service use])];
(e) [information relating to any purchases you make of our [goods] OR [services] OR [goods and/or services] or any other transactions that you enter into through our apps or website (including [your name, address, telephone number, and email address])];
(f) [information that you post to our apps or website for publication on the internet (including [your user name, your profile pictures and the content of your posts])];
(g) [information contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us or send through our apps or website (including [the communication content and metadata associated with the communication])]; and
(h) [any other personal information that you choose to send to us].
3.2.2 Before you disclose to us the personal information of another person, you must obtain that person’s consent to both the disclosure and the processing of that personal information in accordance with this policy.
4. Using personal information
4.1 Personal information submitted to us through our apps or website will be used for the purposes specified in this policy or on the relevant pages of the apps or website.
4.2 We may use your personal information to:
(a) [administer our apps or website and business];
(b) [personalize our apps or website for you];
(c) [enable your use of the services available on our apps or website];
(d) [send you goods purchased through our apps or website];
(e) [supply to you services purchased through our apps or website];
(f) [send you non-marketing commercial communications];
(g) [send you email notifications that you have specifically requested];
(j) [send you marketing communications relating to our business [or the businesses of carefully-selected third parties] which we think may be of interest to you, by post or, where you have specifically agreed to this, by email or similar technology (you can inform us at any time if you no longer require marketing communications)];
(k) [provide third parties with statistical information about our users (but those third parties will not be able to identify any individual user from that information)];
(l) [deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to our apps or website];
(m) [keep our apps or website secure and prevent fraud]; and
(n) [verify compliance with the terms and conditions governing the use of our apps or website [(including monitoring private messages sent through our apps or website private messaging service)]].
4.3 If you submit personal information for publication on our apps or website, we will publish and otherwise use that information in accordance with the license you grant to us.
4.4 We will not, without your express consent, supply your personal information to any third party for the purpose of their or any other third party’s direct marketing.
4.5 All our apps or website financial transactions are handled through our payment services provider,
[Apple, Inc, Google, Inc, and Amazon, Inc]
. You can review the provider’s privacy policy at
[Apple, Inc:http://www.appsle.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/ Google, Inc:https://play.google.com/about/play-terms.html Amazon, Inc: https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=468496]
. We will share information with our payment services provider only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing payments you make via our apps or website, refunding such payments and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds.
5. Privacy Policy on Third-Party Advertisements in our Apps
The Google Mobile Ads may collect certain information from users, including:
IP address, which may be used to estimate the general location of a device.
Non-user related crash logs, which may be used to diagnose problems and improve the SDK. Diagnostic information may also be used for advertising and analytics purposes.
User-associated performance data such as app launch time, hang rate, or energy usage, which may be used to evaluate user behavior, understand the effectiveness of existing product features, and plan new features. Performance data may also be used for displaying ads, including sharing with other entities that display ads.
A Device ID such as the device’s advertising identifier or other app-bounded device identifiers, which may be used for the purpose of third-party advertising and analytics.
Advertising data, such as advertisements the user has seen, may be used to power analytics and advertising features.
Other user product interactions like app launch taps, and interaction information, like video views, may be used to improve advertising performance.
6. Disclosing personal information
6.1 We may disclose your personal information to [any of our employees, officers, insurers, professional advisers, agents, suppliers or subcontractors] insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this policy.
6.2 We may disclose your personal information to any member of our group of companies (this means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and all its subsidiaries) insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this policy.
6.3 We may disclose your personal information:
(a) to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
(b) in connection with any ongoing or prospective legal proceedings;
(c) in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk);
(d) [to the purchaser (or prospective purchaser) of any business or asset that we are (or are contemplating) selling]; and
(e) [to any person who we reasonably believe may apply to a court or other competent authority for disclosure of that personal information where, in our reasonable opinion, such court or authority would be reasonably likely to order disclosure of that personal information].
6.4 Except as provided in this policy, we will not provide your personal information to third parties.
7. International data transfers
7.1 Information that we collect may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which we operate in order to enable us to use the information in accordance with this policy.
7.2 Information that we collect may be transferred to the following countries which do not have data protection laws equivalent to those in force in the European Economic Area: [the United States of America, Russia, Japan, China and India].
7.3 Personal information that you publish on our apps or website or submit for publication on our apps or website may be available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use or misuse of such information by others.
7.4 You expressly agree to the transfers of personal information described in this Section 6.
8. Retaining personal information
8.1 This Section 7 sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal information.
8.2 Personal information that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
8.3 Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 7, we will retain documents (including electronic documents) containing personal data:
(a) to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
(b) if we believe that the documents may be relevant to any ongoing or prospective legal proceedings; and
(c) in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk).
9. Security of personal information
9.1 We will take reasonable technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
9.2 All electronic financial transactions entered into through our apps or website will be protected by encryption technology.
9.3 You acknowledge that the transmission of information over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet.
9.4 You are responsible for keeping the password you use for accessing our apps or website confidential; we will not ask you for your password (except when you log in to our apps or website).
10. Amendments
10.1 We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our apps or website.
10.2 You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.
10.3 We may notify you of changes to this policy [by email or through the private messaging system on our apps or website].
11. Your rights
11.1 We may withhold personal information that you request to the extent permitted by law.
11.2 You may instruct us at any time not to process your personal information for marketing purposes.
11.3 In practice, you will usually either expressly agree in advance to our use of your personal information for marketing purposes, or we will provide you with an opportunity to opt out of the use of your personal information for marketing purposes.
12. Third party apps or websites
12.1 Our apps or website includes hyperlinks to, and details of, third party apps or websites.
12.2 We have no control over, and are not responsible for, the privacy policies and practices of third parties.
13. Updating information
13.1 Please let us know if the personal information that we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated.
14. Cookies
14.1 Our apps or website do not use cookies as of now, but we may do so in the future. We will notify here when we do.
14.2 Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies; for example:
(a) in Internet Explorer (version 11) you can block cookies using the cookie handling override settings available by clicking “Tools”, “Internet Options”, “Privacy” and then “Advanced”;
(b) in Firefox (version 47) you can block all cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Options”, “Privacy”, selecting “Use custom settings for history” from the drop-down menu, and unticking “Accept cookies from sites”; and
(c) in Chrome (version 52), you can block all cookies by accessing the “Customize and control” menu, and clicking “Settings”, “Show advanced settings” and “Content settings”, and then selecting “Block sites from setting any data” under the “Cookies” heading.
14.3 You can delete cookies already stored on your mobile device or computer; for example:
(a) in Internet Explorer (version 11), you must manually delete cookie files (you can find instructions for doing so at
http://windows.microsoft.com/en-gb/internet-explorer/delete-manage-cookies#ie=ie-11
);
(b) in Firefox (version 47), you can delete cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Options” and “Privacy”, then selecting “Use custom settings for history” from the drop-down menu, clicking “Show Cookies”, and then clicking “Remove All Cookies”; and
(c) in Chrome (version 52), you can delete all cookies by accessing the “Customize and control” menu, and clicking “Settings”, “Show advanced settings” and “Clear browsing data”, and then selecting “Cookies and other site and plug-in data” before clicking “Clear browsing data”.
15. Our details
15.1 Our apps or website are owned and operated by
[Dualverse. Inc.]
.
15.2 We are registered in [Seoul, South Korea] at
[Teheranro 322, Gangnam, Seoul, Korea]
.
15.3 You can contact us:
(a) [website contact form];
¡Nuestra aplicación es SEGURA y NUNCA guardaremos datos de usted!
Somos una empresa registrada en Seúl, Corea, dedicándonos a crear aplicaciones seguras para todas las edades. Somos padres y hacemos aplicaciones como si fueran para nuestros propios hijos. Puede estar seguro de que Videollamada a Santa es 100% segura.
Las videollamadas entrantes no son reales
Todos nuestros episodios de videollamadas están pregrabados. Nada es en vivo y ninguna persona real está mirando a sus hijos o hablando con ellos.
No podemos verlo ni espiarlo
Sólo le pedimos su permiso para acceder a su cámara y su micrófono para que sus hijos puedan aparecer en la pantalla de chat y sus videos se puedan grabar.
Las grabaciones son solo para guardar o compartir
Nunca tendremos acceso a sus grabaciones de conversación. Usted puede desactivar la función de grabación en los ajustes de la aplicación.
Nunca tendremos acceso a suinformación como su nombre o sunúmero de teléfono
No hay manera de que podamos obtener su información de contacto. No guardamos ningún dato de usted en todo momento.
Nunca enviaremos ninguna llamada o texto de publicidad
Si está recibiendo algunas llamadas o textos sospechosos, no son de nosotros. Nosotros simplemente no utilizamos telemarketing o texto de marketing ningún caso.
1. Introducción
1.1 Estamos comprometidos a salvaguardar la privacidad de los usuarios de nuestra aplicación o de los visitantes al sitio web; en esta política explicamos cómo trataremos su información personal.
1.2 [Al usar nuestras aplicaciones o sitio web y al aceptar esta política, usted consiente nuestro uso de cookies según los términos de esta política.]
2. Crédito
2.1 Este documento fue creado utilizando una plantilla de SEQ Legal (http://
www.seqlegal.com
).
3.1 Solicitud de permiso del usuario (solo nuestras aplicaciones)
3.1.1 Puede que le pidamos los siguientes tipos de permisos en el dispositivo para hacer que su experiencia de usuario sea mejor, pero NUNCA recopilaremos o venderemos su información:
(a) [Acceso a su galería de fotos para que pueda explorar, editar, guardar sus fotos o vídeos usando nuestras aplicaciones; pueda subir su foto de perfil; y cualquier otra cosa que pueda ayudar a interaccionar mejor con nuestras aplicaciones – NUNCA almacenamos sus datos]
(b) [Acceso a su cámara de forma que usted pueda aparecer en la videollamada; pueda explorar, editar, guardar sus sesiones de fotos o vídeos usando nuestras aplicaciones; y cualquier otra cosa que pueda ayudar a interaccionar mejor con nuestras aplicaciones – NUNCA almacenamos sus datos]
(c) [Acceso a su ubicación y calendario para que pueda aparecer su ubicación, fecha y hora local en nuestras aplicaciones; y cualquier otra cosa que pueda ayudar a interaccionar mejor con nuestras aplicaciones – NUNCA almacenamos sus datos]
(d) [Acceso a su micrófono para que pueda introducir voz en nuestras aplicaciones; y cualquier otra cosa que pueda ayudar a interaccionar mejor con nuestras aplicaciones – NUNCA almacenamos sus datos]
(e) [Cualquier otra información personal que pueda elegir enviarnos – NUNCA almacenamos sus datos]
3.2 Recopilación de información personal
3.2.1 Puede que le pidamos los siguientes tipos de información personal para hacer que su experiencia de usuario sea mejor, pero NUNCA recopilaremos o venderemos su información:
(a) [Información sobre su dispositivo móvil u ordenador y sobre sus visitas y uso de nuestras aplicaciones o este sitio web (incluyendo [su dirección IP, su nombre, su edad, sus imágenes de perfil, su género, su fecha de nacimiento, sus fotos subidas, ubicación geográfica, tipo y versión del navegador, sistema operativo, fuente de referencia, longitud de la visita, páginas visitadas y caminos de navegación en las aplicaciones o en el sitio web])]
(b) [Información que usted nos proporcione cuando se registre en nuestras aplicaciones o sitio web (incluyendo [su dirección de correo electrónico])]
(c) [Información que nos proporcione al completar su perfil en nuestras aplicaciones o sitio web (incluyendo [su nombre, imágenes de perfil, género, fecha de nacimiento, estado de relación, intereses y aficiones, detalles educativos y detalles de empleo])]
(d) [Información que usted nos proporcione cuando use los servicios en nuestras aplicaciones o sitio web, o que se genere en el curso del uso de esos servicios (incluyendo [el tiempo, frecuencia y patrón del uso del servicio])]
(e) [Información relativa a cualquier compra que haga de nuestras [mercancías] O [servicios] O [mercancías y/o servicios] o cualquier otra transacción que realice en nuestras aplicaciones o sitio web (incluyendo [su nombre, dirección, número de teléfono y dirección de correo electrónico])]
(f) [Información que usted publique en nuestras aplicaciones o sitio web para su publicación en Internet (incluyendo [su nombre de usuario, sus imágenes de perfil y el contenido de sus publicaciones])]
(g) [Información contenida o relativa a cualquier comunicación que nos envíe o envíe a través de nuestras aplicaciones o sitio web (incluyendo [el contenido de la comunicación y los metadatos asociados con la comunicación])]
(h) [Cualquier otra información personal que usted escoja enviarnos]
3.2.2 Antes de divulgarnos la información personal de otra persona, debe obtener el consentimiento de esa otra persona para la divulgación y para el procesamiento de esa información personal según esta política.
4. Uso de información personal
4.1 La información personal que se nos envía a través de nuestras aplicaciones y sitio web será utilizada con los propósitos especificados en esta política o en las páginas relevantes de las aplicaciones o sitio web.
4.2 Puede que utilicemos su información personal para:
(a) [Administrar nuestras aplicaciones o sitio web y negocios]
(b) [Personalizar nuestras aplicaciones o sitio web para usted]
(c) [Permitirle el uso de servicios disponibles en nuestras aplicaciones o sitio web]
(d) [Enviarle las mercancías compradas a través de nuestras aplicaciones o sitio web]
(e) [Suministrarle los servicios comprados a través de nuestras aplicaciones o sitio web]
(f) [Enviarle comunicaciones comerciales sin marketing]
(g) [Enviarle notificaciones de correo electrónico que haya solicitado específicamente]
(h) [Enviarle comunicaciones de marketing relativas a nuestro negocio [o a los negocios de terceros cuidadosamente seleccionados] que pensamos que podrían ser de interés para usted, mediante su publicación o, cuando usted haya aceptado esto de forma específica, por correo electrónico o tecnología similar (puede informarnos en cualquier momento si ya no quiere comunicaciones de marketing)]
(i) [Proporcionar a terceros información estadística sobre nuestros usuarios (pero esos terceros no podrán identificar a ningún usuario personalmente con esa información)]
(j) [Lidiar con consultas y quejas realizadas o relacionadas con usted relativas a nuestras aplicaciones o sitio web]
(k) [Mantener nuestras aplicaciones o sitio web seguro y evitar el fraude]
(l) [Verificar el cumplimiento de los términos y condiciones que gobiernan el uso de nuestras aplicaciones o sitio web (incluyendo [monitorización de mensajes privados enviados a través de nuestras aplicaciones o el servicio de mensajería privada del sitio web])]
4.3 Si usted envía información personal para su publicación en nuestras aplicaciones o sitio web, la publicaremos y de lo contrario utilizaremos esa información según la licencia que usted nos concede.
4.4 Nosotros no suministraremos, sin su consentimiento expreso, su información personal a ningún tercero con el propósito del marketing directo propio o de otro tercero.
4.5 Todas las transacciones financieras de nuestras aplicaciones o sitio web son manejadas a través de nuestro proveedor de servicios de pago [Apple, Inc, Google, Inc, y Amazon, Inc]. puede revisar la política de privacidad del proveedor en [Apple, Inc: http:// www.appsle.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/ Google, Inc: https://play.google.com/about/play- terms.html Amazon, Inc: https:// www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/ display.html?nodeId=468496]. Compartiremos información con nuestro proveedor de servicios de pago solo en la medida necesaria para el propósito de procesamiento de pagos que haga mediante nuestras aplicaciones o sitio web, el reembolso de dichos pagos y lidiar con quejas y consultas relativas a dichos pagos y reembolsos.
5. Política de privacidad sobre anuncios de terceros en nuestras aplicaciones
Los anuncios de Google para móviles pueden recopilar cierta información de los usuarios, que incluye:
Dirección IP, que puede usarse para estimar la ubicación general de un dispositivo.
Registros de fallas no relacionados con el usuario, que pueden usarse para diagnosticar problemas y mejorar el SDK. La información de diagnóstico también se puede utilizar con fines publicitarios y analíticos.
Datos de rendimiento asociados al usuario, como el tiempo de inicio de la aplicación, la tasa de inactividad o el uso de energía, que se pueden utilizar para evaluar el comportamiento del usuario, comprender la eficacia de las funciones de productos existentes y planificar nuevas funciones. Los datos de rendimiento también se pueden utilizar para mostrar anuncios, incluido el intercambio con otras entidades que muestran anuncios.
Un ID de dispositivo, como el identificador de publicidad del dispositivo u otros identificadores de dispositivo delimitados por la aplicación, que se pueden utilizar con fines de publicidad y análisis de terceros.
Los datos publicitarios, como los anuncios que el usuario ha visto, se pueden utilizar para potenciar las funciones de análisis y publicidad.
Es posible que se utilicen otras interacciones del usuario con los productos, como los toques de inicio de aplicaciones y la información de interacción, como las vistas de video, para mejorar el rendimiento de la publicidad.
6. Divulgación de información personal
6.1 Podemos divulgar su información personal a [cualquiera de nuestros empleados, oficiales, aseguradores, consejeros profesionales, agentes, proveedores o subcontratistas] siempre que sea razonablemente necesario para los propósitos establecidos en esta política.
6.2 Podemos divulgar su información personal a cualquier miembro de nuestro grupo de empresas (esto significa nuestros subsidiarios, nuestra empresa matriz y todos sus subsidiarios) siempre que sea razonablemente necesario para los propósitos establecidos en esta política.
6.3 Podemos divulgar su información personal:
(a) En la medida que estemos obligados a hacerlo por ley
(b) En conexión con cualquier procedimiento legal continuo o futuro
(c) Para establecer, ejercitar o defender nuestros derechos legales (incluyendo la entrega de información a otras personas con el propósito de la prevención del fraude y la reducción del riesgo de crédito)
(d) Al comprador (o futuro comprador) de cualquier negocio o activo que vayamos a (o estemos contemplando) vender
(e) A cualquier persona que razonablemente creemos que puede solicitar a un tribunal u otra autoridad competente la revelación de dicha información personal cuando, a nuestro juicio razonable, dicho tribunal o autoridad razonablemente podría ordenar la divulgación de esa información personal
6.4 Excepto según lo establecido en esta política, no proporcionaremos su información personal a terceros.
7. Transferencias de datos internacionales
7.1 La información que recopilamos puede ser almacenada y procesada, y transferida entre cualquiera de los países en los que operamos para poder utilizar la información de acuerdo con esta política.
7.2 La información que recopilamos puede ser transferida a los siguientes países que no tienen leyes de protección de datos equivalentes a aquellas en vigor en la Zona Económica Europea: [los Estados Unidos de América, Rusia, Japón, China e India].
7.3 La información personal que publique en nuestras aplicaciones o sitio web o que se envíe para su publicación en nuestras aplicaciones o sitio web puede estar disponible, a través de Internet, en todo el mundo. No podemos impedir el uso o mal uso de dicha información por otras personas.
7.4 Usted acepta expresamente las transferencias de información personal descritas en esta Sección.
8. Mantenimiento de información personal
8.1 Esta Sección 7 establece nuestras políticas y procedimientos de mantenimiento de datos, las cuales están diseñadas para ayudar a asegurar que cumplimos con nuestras obligaciones legales relacionadas con el mantenimiento y eliminación de información personal.
8.2 La información personal que procesamos para cualquier propósito o propósitos no se mantendrá por más tiempo del necesario para ese propósito o esos propósitos.
8.3 Sin perjuicio de las demás disposiciones de esta Sección 7, conservaremos documentos (incluidos documentos electrónicos) que contengan datos personales:
(a) En la medida en que la ley así lo requiera
(b) Si creemos que los documentos pueden ser relevantes para cualquier proceso legal en curso o futuro
(c) Para establecer, ejercer o defender nuestros derechos legales (incluyendo el suministro de información a terceros con el propósito de prevenir el fraude y reducir el riesgo de crédito).
9. Seguridad de la información personal
9.1 Tomaremos las precauciones técnicas y organizativas razonables para prevenir la pérdida, mal uso o alteración de su información personal.
9.2 Todas las transacciones financieras electrónicas realizadas a través de nuestras aplicaciones o sitio web estarán protegidas por tecnología de cifrado.
9.3 Usted reconoce que la transmisión de información a través de Internet es inherentemente insegura, y no podemos garantizar la seguridad de los datos enviados a través de Internet.
9.4 Usted es responsable de mantener la confidencialidad de la contraseña que utiliza para acceder a nuestras aplicaciones o sitio web; no le pediremos su contraseña (excepto cuando inicie sesión en nuestras aplicaciones o en nuestro sitio web).
10. Enmiendas
10.1 Podemos actualizar esta política de vez en cuando publicando una nueva versión en nuestras aplicaciones o en nuestro sitio web.
10.2 Debe comprobar esta página ocasionalmente para asegurarse de que está satisfecho con cualquier cambio en esta política.
10.3 Podemos notificarle los cambios en esta política [por correo electrónico o a través del sistema de mensajería privado en nuestras aplicaciones o sitio web].
11. Sus derechos
11.1 Podemos retener la información personal que usted solicite en la medida permitida por la ley.
11.2 Usted puede darnos instrucciones en cualquier momento de no procesar su información personal con fines de marketing.
11.3 En la práctica, por lo general, o bien se acuerda expresamente de antemano el uso de su información personal con fines de marketing, o le proporcionaremos la oportunidad de optar por no utilizar su información personal con fines de marketing.
12. Aplicaciones o sitios web de terceros
12.1 Nuestras aplicaciones o sitio web incluyen hipervínculos y detalles de aplicaciones o sitios web de terceros.
12.2 No tenemos control ni somos responsables de las políticas de privacidad y las prácticas de terceros.
13. Actualización de información
13.1 Por favor háganos saber si la información personal que mantenemos sobre usted necesita ser corregida o actualizada.
14. Cookies
14.1 Nuestras aplicaciones o sitio web no utilizan cookies por ahora, pero podemos hacerlo en el futuro. Lo notificaremos aquí cuando lo hagamos.
14.2 La mayoría de los navegadores le permiten negarse a aceptar cookies; por ejemplo:
(a) En Internet Explorer (versión 11) puede bloquear las cookies utilizando la configuración de anulación del manejo de cookies disponible haciendo clic en “Herramientas”, “Opciones de Internet”, “Privacidad” y luego “Avanzadas”;
(b) En Firefox (versión 47) puede bloquear todas las cookies haciendo clic en “Herramientas”, “Opciones”, “Privacidad”, seleccionando “Utilizar configuraciones personalizadas para el historial” en el menú desplegable y desmarcando “Aceptar cookies de sitios”
(c) En Chrome (versión 52), puede bloquear todas las cookies accediendo al menú “Personalizar y controlar” y haciendo clic en “Configuración”, “Mostrar configuración avanzada” y “Configuración de contenido” y seleccionando “Bloquear que los sitios no configuren ningún dato” en el encabezado “Cookies”
14.3 Puede eliminar las cookies ya almacenadas en su dispositivo móvil o en su ordenador; por ejemplo:
(a) En Internet Explorer (versión 11), debe borrar manualmente los archivos de cookies (puede encontrar las instrucciones para hacerlo en http:// windows.microsoft.com/en-gb/internet-explorer/ delete-manage- cookies#ie=ie-11)
(b) En Firefox (versión 47), puede borrar las cookies haciendo clic en “Herramientas”, “Opciones” y “Privacidad”, después seleccione “Utilizar configuraciones personalizadas para el historial” en el menú desplegable y después haga clic en “Eliminar todas las cookies”
(c) En Chrome (versión 52) puede borrar todas las cookies accediendo al menú “Personalizar y controlar” y haciendo clic en “Configuración”, “Mostrar configuración avanzada” y “Limpiar datos de navegación”, y después seleccionando “Cookies y otros datos introducidos por los sitios” antes de hacer clic en “Limpiar datos de navegación”
15. Nuestros detalles
15.1 Nuestras aplicaciones o sitio web son propiedad y están operados por [Dualverse, Inc.].
15.2 Estamos registrados en [Seúl, Corea del Sur] en [
Teheranro 322, Gangnam
, Seúl, Corea].
15.3 Puede contactar con nosotros en
(a) [Formulario de contacto del sitio web]