Privacy Policy
Effective Date: Oct 30th, 2021
OrangesGame Technology Limited develops games for smartphones and mobile devices.  We are dedicated to protect our users’ (“users” or “you”) privacy rights. This Privacy Policy explains the ways we collect, use, store, disclose and manage the personal information (“Personal Information”) you provide to us in the course of using, or about to using, any of the applications or games offered by us (collectively, the “Services”).It also describes the choices you have about your personal data.
By using our Services, and by accepting this Privacy Policy in registration or game installation, you hereby consent to our collection, use, storage, use, disclosure and management of your Personal Information as explained in this Privacy Policy. However, please be aware that except otherwise as explained herein, this Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected and stored by other third party companies or entities to which our Services may link, or mobile applications that we distribute on behalf of other third parties.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE ANY OF OUR SERVICES.
Personal Information and Non-Personal Information
“Personal Information" is information (1) that can be used to specifically identify or contact you (such as your first and last name, account or user name, address, e-mail, telephone number, or other info); (2) about you or your activities when such information is directly linked to personally identifying information.
“Personal information” might include your unique device or user identifier when the identifier is combined with your personal information. Personal information does not include demographic information, such as city of residence, username, information about your smartphone platform and Internet IP address.  We collect these information to provide the best possible service and to allow us to make certain recommendations and internal analysis and share such information with our partners about how our customers use the Services.
For some activities, we may ask you to create a username and password and/or to provide other “non-personal information” such as your age, date of birth, gender, and/or game and platform preferences; and, combine such information with your personal information. In addition, your mobile device may transmit certain geographic information or information regarding your device to us.
All the Information maybe combined by us to be used for improving the Services.
Collect Personal Information
Your Personal Information may be collected by us during your (1) download and use of our mobile applications, (2) registration or log-in our games, (3) purchase in-game virtual currency or virtual items, any relevant billing and financial information necessary to process your charges, (4) requests for customer support or technical service, (5) participations in activities, surveys etc. (6) some technical information to analyze the advertising effect. We might collect different information from you, depending on the activity you are involved.
Data we collect automatically:
1.       Data about your account and game progress
2.       Your IP address and mobile device identifiers (such as your device ID, advertising ID, MAC address, IMEI)
3.       Data about your device, such as device name, operating system and language
4.       Precise geo-location data (GPS, with your consent)
5.       Data about your use of the Service, such as gameplay data and your interactions with other players inside the Service
Data we collect from our partners:
1.       Data we receive if you use a third party tool with the Service (such as Facebook, Google or advertising platform)
2.       Demographic data (such as your IP address)
3.       Data for advertising and analytics purposes, so we can provide you a better Service.
By using the Services, you hereby agree that we can retain all the above information in any form as long as we need. We only collect information to the extent that is reasonably necessary to comply with your requests and our legitimate business objectives.
Use Personal Information
We may use your Personal Information, Non-Personal Information or other information collected from you to:
1.	operate, maintain and manage the Services
2.	communicate with you about the Services, such as notify you of new game releases or updates
3.	seek feedback and input to improve the Services
4.	prevent fraud or potentially illegal, unethical or legally actionable activities
5.	provide technical support and customer services
6.	provide advertising and promotional information in connection with the Services
7.	internal marketing and studies
8.	provide to government or law enforcement officials to protect our rights
9. keep the Service safe and fair, to fight fraud and ensure acceptable use otherwise, we have right to process necessary data to analyze and monitor use of the Service and its social features, moderate input contents from you either automatically or manually, or take action against fraudulent or misbehaving users
Store Personal Information
We are providing our services globally. All the information and game data are stored in data storage facilities located in different locations. Such information may be used, transferred to, processed or held by computers in other countries, where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction, and used for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. If you choose to provide information to us, you agree that we can transfer your Personal Information to any place we want and processes it there and your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Protection of Your Personal Information
We understand the importance of keeping your information secure. We have implemented reasonable security measures to secure your information. However no method of transmission over website or Internet is completely secure, and we cannot assume responsibility or liability for unauthorized access, hacking, data loss, or other breaches in relation to our servers and systems or guarantee the security of user account information.
Amendments to Our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy. Please check this Privacy Policy every time you use our Services to ensure you are aware of any changes in our privacy practices.
YOUR RIGHTS AND OPTIONS
1.	Push Notifications
We may send you push notifications through our mobile applications. You may at any time opt-out from receiving these types of communications by changing the settings on your mobile device.
2.	Opt-out of targeted advertising
You can opt-out of interest-based advertising on mobile applications by checking the privacy settings of your Android or iOS device and turning off “Allow Apps to Request to Track” or selecting "Limit Ad Tracking" (Apple iOS) or "Opt-out of Interest Based Ads" (Android).
You can also opt out from personalized in-game offers through the options provided in the game settings (where applicable).
3.	Other rights
You also have the right to correct your data, have your data deleted, object how we use or share your data, and restrict how we use or share your data. You can always withdraw your consent. We will respond to all requests within a reasonable timeframe.
Contact Us
If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy on the Services, please contact us at feedback@oranges-game.com