Screenshots Pro
Screenshots Pro Support
Screenshots Pro Privacy Policy
Screenshots Pro Terms
Screenshots Pro
Privacy Policy
This policy applies to all information collected or submitted on Screenshots Pro's website and our apps for iOS and any other devices and platforms.
History of Changes
Sep 14, 2018: First Published
Oct 2, 2020: Changes to reflect app name change
Information we Collect
Information is collected from you when you fill out and submit a form or register on our Site to receive information or use our Services. When filling out a form or registering on our Site, when applicable, you may be asked to provide personally identifiable information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
Information Usage
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include information shared or disclosed at your direction or information shared or disclosed to trusted third parties who assist us in operation of our website or mobile applications, conducting our day-to-day business, or directly servicing you, subject to confidentiality obligations consistent with this Privacy Policy, and on the condition that the third parties use your private personal data only on our behalf and pursuant to our instructions.
We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
We use the information we collect to operate and improve our website, apps, and customer support.
We may disclose your information in response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal requirements; to exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud or abuse, violations of our policies; or to protect our rights and property.
In the future, we may sell to, buy, merge with, or partner with other businesses. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets.
Third-party links and content
Screenshot++ displays links and content from third-party sites, and downloads content directly from Apple and third-party servers. These have their own independent privacy policies, and we have no responsibility or liability for their content or activities.
Purpose of Collecting Your Information
The information we collect from you may be used to process transactions on our website. If you provide us with your email, the email address you have provided may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
Protecting Your Information
We implement a number of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you have registered on our Site to use certain Services, including the use of a secure server. After the completion of a financial transaction, associated information will not be stored on our servers.
Use of Cookies
We use cookies to collect website usage data for analytical purposes and to improve our Services. A cookie is a small data file that is transferred to your computer’s hard disk. Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies. By changing the settings in your browser, you may disallow the acceptance of cookies. If you disallow cookies, some Services may not function properly.
Our Privacy Policy Toward Children Under 13
The Screenshots Pro Mobile Application and related Services are not directed to persons under 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you become aware that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, please contact us at
screenshotplusplus@gmail.com
. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we take steps to remove such information and terminate the child’s account.
Premium subscription asking to share email, ZIP code, etc.
If you subscribe to Screenshots Pro Premium in the app, an Apple system dialog may ask you to optionally share your email address, postal code, or other information with Screenshots Pro.
We don’t want this data, and we encourage you to decline.
We may already have your email address for newsletter marketing purposes if you chose to share it with us, but we don’t care who you are or where you live.
But at the time of writing, Apple does not offer Screenshots Pro a way to opt out of this data collection, and it will be available to us from anyone who opts in. If we ever access this data, we will never disclose it to any third parties.
Additional information collected by anonymous analytics
Screenshots Pro iOS app includes limited components of
Twitter’s Fabric
to provide crash reporting and basic analytics to help us improve the app. These are aggregate, anonymous statistics, such as the percentage of users who use particular features.
Screenshots Pro does not share your email address or any other personal data with Twitter. Other data, such as app screenshot metadata like size and device type being shared, may be shared anonymously for aggregate statistical analysis to further improve the app.
Additional information collected by in-app ads
Screenshots Pro iOS app includes
Google AdMob ads
. Google may use the advertising identifier from your device(s) to infer interests, demographics, and other data to show you more relevant ads. Your device advertising identifier can be disabled or reset
by following these instructions from Apple
.
Screenshots Pro does not knowingly share your email address or any other personal data with Google.
Becoming a Premium user disables all advertisements and sharing of targeting data.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website, Mobile Application and related Services, and not to information collected offline.
Terms of Service
Please also visit our Terms of Service section, which established and governs the use of our website and services.
Your Consent
By using our site, Mobile Application and related Services, you consent to our online privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify the Privacy Policy at any time without notice. All and any future changes are effective immediately at time of public change. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If you have questions regarding this privacy policy, you may email
screenshotplusplus@gmail.com