DealPad Application Privacy Statement
This privacy statement (“Privacy Statement”) applies to the treatment of personally identifiable information submitted by, or otherwise obtained from, you in connection with the associated application (“Application”). The Application is provided by DealPad (and may be provided by DealPad on behalf of a DealPad licensor or partner (“Application Partner”). By using or otherwise accessing the Application, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Statement.
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DOES DEALPAD COLLECT?
We collect the following types of information from our users:
Personal Information You Provide to Us: We may receive and store any information you submit to the Application (or otherwise authorize us to obtain). The types of personal information collected may include your full name, email address, gender, IP address, browser information, username, demographic information, and any other information necessary for us to provide the Application services.
Personal Information Collected Automatically: We receive and store certain types of usage related information whenever you interact with Application. For example, DealPad may automatically receive and record information regarding your computer’s IP address, browser information, and URLs accessed. Such information may be shared in aggregate (non-personally identifiable) form with our partners.
HOW DOES DEALPAD USE THE INFORMATION IT COLLECTS?
DealPad uses the information described in this Privacy Statement (i) internally, to analyze, develop and improve its products and services, and (ii) as set forth below in the “Will DealPad Share any of the personal information it Collects” section below.
APPLICATION PARTNER TREATMENT OF PERSONAL INFORMATION.
DealPad may provide personal information to the applicable Application Partner. The Application Partner’s use of your personal information is subject to the Application Partner’s separate privacy policy – and not this Privacy Statement. The Application Partner’s privacy policy is linked to from within the Partner’s Facebook application.
WILL DEALPAD SHARE ANY OF THE PERSONAL INFORMATION IT RECEIVES?
Personal information about our users is an integral part of our business. We neither rent nor sell your personal information to anyone.
CONDITIONS OF USE.
If you decide to use or otherwise access the Application, your use/access and any possible dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Statement and our Terms of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of California state law.
THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS/WEBSITES.
The Application may permit you to link to other applications or websites. Such third party applications/websites are not under DealPad’s control, and such links do not constitute an endorsement by DealPad of those other applications/websites or the services offered through them. The privacy and security practices of such third party application/websites linked to the Application are not covered by this Privacy Statement, and DealPad is not responsible for the privacy or security practices or the content of such websites.
CAN CHILDREN USE THE APPLICATION?
Our site and the services available through DealPad are not intended for children under the age of 13. DealPad does not knowingly or specifically collect information about children under the age of 13 and believes that children of any age should get their parents’ consent before giving out any personal information. We encourage you to participate in your child’s web experience.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT.
DealPad may amend this Privacy Statement from time to time. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Statement in effect at the time such information is used. If we make changes in the way we use personal information, we will notify you by posting an announcement on our Site or sending you an email. Users are bound by any changes to the Privacy Statement when he or she uses or otherwise accesses the Application after such changes have been first posted.
QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy in our app, please send us a detailed message at DealPadApp@gmail.com. We will make every effort to resolve your concerns.
Effective Date: November 10, 2018